K003301
MAR 1 5 2001
SECTION 2. SUMMARY AND CERTIFICATION
A. 510(K) SUMMARY
Summary of Safety and Effectiveness
In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92, the following information constitutes the 510(k) summary for
the DiffMaster Octavia™.
SUBMITTER'S NAME: CellaVision AB
ADDRESS: Ideon Research Park, 223 70 Lund, Sweden
CONTACT PERSON: Constance G, Bundy
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 612-574-1976
FAX NUMBER: 612-571-2437
DATE OF SUBMISSION: October 19, 2000
1. Identification of device
Proprietary Name: DiffMaster Octavia™ Automatic Hematology Analyzer
Common Name: DiffMaster Octavia™
Classification Status: Class II per regulations 864-5260
Product Codes: JOY
2. Equivalent devices :
CellaVision AB believes the DiffMaster Octavia™is substantially equivalent to the
Romanowski (MGG)-Stain manual light microscopic process for cell classification and the
IMI MICRO21 with WBC Diff (White blood cell Differential, 510(k) number K925670/A).
3. Description of the Device :
The DiffMaster-Octavia™ is an automated cell locating device for differential count of
: white blood cells and characterization of red morphology. It is based on a CellaVision AB
developed software system Cytologica. DiffMaster Octavia™consists of a commercially
available positioning system for the slides, a commercially available microscope, a
commercially available camera and the software system.
6

4. Intended use
The DiffMaster Octavia™ is an automated cell locating device.
DiffMaster Octavia automatically locates and presents images of blood cells on peripheral
blood specimens. The operator identifies and verifies the suggested classification of each
cell according to type.
DiffMaster Octavia is intended to be used by skilled operators, trained in the use of the
instrument and in recognition of leukocyte classes.
5. Technological characteristics, comparison to predicate device

Like the predicate device, the DiffMaster Octavia™ instrument locates WECs, stores digital
images of the cells and displays the images in an organized manner and suggests a cell class
for each cell to aid technologists in performing the WBC differential procedure. A
competent technologist is required to confirm or modify the suggested classification of each
cell. It is intended to be used by skilled operators, trained in the use of the instrument and in
recognition of leukocyte classes.
Brief Discussion of Non clinical factors supporting a determination of substantial
equivalence:
The method involves a competent human observer to examine the microscopic images of
the cells as does the predicate method and device. See attached substantial equivalence
comparisons.
Brief discussion of clinical tests supporting a determination of substantial equivalence:
Two clinical trials have been performed to confirm equivalence with the predicate method
Romanowski (MGG)-Stain manual light microscopic process for cell classification. The
studies have been performed according to the approved standard, NCCLS, vol. 23, no 1,
document H-20A, March 1992: Reference Leukocyte Differential Count (proportional) and
Evaluation of Instrumental Method. Complementary nonclinical tests have been performed
to confirm cell location and display of found cells.
Conclusions drawn from clinical tests:
The following information was obtained from the clinical tests comparing the DiffMaster
Octavia™ cell classification results to the manual reference method results:

e the accuracy of the suggested classification for each cell type (DiffMaster Octavia™

results compared to the light microscope manual diff count results)

the precision for location and display of the cells found

e the precision of the instrument (reproducibility)

© the sensitivity and the specificity of the instrument (false positive and false negatives

found)
Results equal to the reference method was provided by use of the DiffMaster Octavia™
instrument.
7

Comparative features of the DiffMaster Octavia compared with the predicate device and
method
a a
microscopic process
Intended use Automated cell Manual method for Automated cell
location device for cell | cell location and locating device for cell
location and identification, for in- | location, and
identification, for in- | vitro use. identification, for invitro use. vitro use.
. Verification of results | Verification of results | Verification of results
by human observer by human observer by human observer
Sample type Bloodfilm on glass Bloodfilm on glass Bloodfilm on glass
slides of peripheral slides of peripheral _| slides of peripheral
whole blood, stained | whole blood, stained | whole blood, stained
Sample Wright, Wright May Griinwald May Griinwald Giemsa
preparation Giemsa, May Giemsa stain (MGG) | stain (MGG)
Griinwald stain
Analysis Cells are located using Cells are located using
technique the NCCLS scanning the NCCLS scanning
procedure. Cell images procedure. Cell images
are analyzed using are analyzed using
standard mathematical standard mathematical
methods, including r methods, including
deterministic artificial deterministic artificial
neural networks neural networks
(ANN’s) trained to (ANN’s) trained to
distinguish between distinguish between
classes of white blood classes of white blood
cells. cells
8

- 6. Discussion of performance testing.

An extensive collection of tests has been conducted and successfully completed, including
tests to ensure safety, effectiveness, and compliance with product requirements.

The following tests were conducted as prototype tests and successfully completed:

a) Evaluation of:

- Performance (Accuracy and precision, clinical sensitivity, specificity, cell location)

- Safety

b) Inspections to verify that all design features are as intended and that all authorized design
changes have been accomplished and recorded.

c) Validation of the system (including efficacy of user interface)

7. Conclusion
Based on extensive performance testing and a comparison to the predicate device, it is the
conclusion of CellaVision AB that the DiffMaster Octavia™ is substantially equivalent to
devices already on the marked (cleared by the 510(k) process) and presents no new
concerns about safety and effectiveness.
9

we “,
i Wj DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES Public Health Service
Ahn a
a Food and Drug Administration
ither Road
MAR 15 2008 Rockville MO. 20880
CellaVision AB
c/o Ms. Constance G. Bundy
C.G. Bundy Associates, Inc.
6740 Riverview Terrace
Minneapolis, Minnesota 55432
Re: K003301
Trade Name: DiffMaster Octavia™ Automatic Hematology Analyzer
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: JOY
, Dated: February 16, 2001
Received: February 20, 2001
Dear Ms. Bundy:
We have reviewed your Section 510(k) notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and we have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use
stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce
prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that
have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and
Cosmetic Act (Act). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls .
provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual
registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against
misbranding and adulteration.
If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class IIT
(Premarket Approval), it may be subject to such additional controls. Existing major regulations
affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 895.
A substantially equivalent determination assumes compliance with the Current Good
Manufacturing Practice requirements, as set forth in the Quality System Regulation (QS) for
Medical Devices: General regulation (21 CFR Part 820) and that, through periodic QS
inspections, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) will verify such assumptions. Failure to
comply with the GMP regulation may result in regulatory action. In addition, FDA may publish
further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register. Please note: this
response to your premarket notification submission does not affect any obligation you might
have under sections 531 through 542 of the Act for devices under the Electronic Product
Radiation Control provisions, or other Federal laws or regulations.

Page 2
This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your 510(k) premarket
notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed
predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to
procced to the market. .
If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801 and
additionally 809.10 for in vitro diagnostic devices), please contact the Office of Compliance at
(301) 594-4588. Additionally, for questions on the promotion and advertising of your device,
please contact the Office of Compliance at (301) 594-4639. Also, please note the regulation
entitled, “Misbranding by reference to premarket notification” (21CFR 807.97). Other general
information on your responsibilities under the Act may be obtained from the Division of Small
Manufacturers Assistance at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 443-6597 or at its
internet address “https//www.fda.gov/edrh/dsma/dsmamain. html".

Sincerely yours,

Steven I. Gutman, M.D., M.B.A.

Director

Division of Clinical Laboratory Devices

Office of Device Evaluation

Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

Page | of 1
B. INDICATIONS FOR USE
510(k) Number. a) 00.430
Device Name: DiffMaster Octavia™
Indications for Use:
The DiffMaster Octavia™ is an automated cell locating device. .
DiffMaster Octavia automatically locates and presents images of blood cells on
peripheral blood specimens. The operator identifies and verifies the suggested
classification of each cell according to type.
DiffMaster Octavia is intended to be used by skilled operators, trained in the use of the
instrument and in recognition of leukocyte classes.
= Sign-Off) .
Division of Clinical Laboratory Deyjces 0
510{k) Number cal tao RG03.30)
(Please do not write below this line - continue on another page if needed)
Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)
Prescription Use. : OR Over the Counter Use.
(Per 21 CFR 801.109)
s