510(k) Summary
Prepared on July 8, 2008
1.     General Information                               JUL 1 7 2008
         Trade Names of Device:                Visensia®
                                               Visensia® with Alert
                                               Visensia® Alert
         Common/Usual Name:                Accessory to multi-parameter patient
                                                monitor (bedside or ambulatory)
            Classification Name:                   Physiological Patient Monitor (with
                                                  arrhythmia detection or alarms)

          Submitters Name and Address:     OBS Medical
                                                11495 N Pennsylvania  St., Ste 250
                                                  Carmel, IN 46032
                                                    Tel 317-581-3937
                                             Fax 317-581-8941

          Manufacturer:                 OBS Medical
                                                11495 N Pennsylvania  St., Ste 250
                                                    Carmel, IN 46032
                                                   Tel 317-819-3937
                                             Fax 317-581-8941


 2.     Device Description
           Visensia® is a software accessory to standard multiple parameter physiological patient
           monitors (bedside or ambulatory) or clinical information systems. It operates on a
            standard PC, or personal computer.
           Visensia® is a software device that through advanced signal processing can combine
            physiological signals in order to produce a single index (Visensiae index)
            representation of patient condition.
           Visensia® is a computerized analysis system that can accept multiple channels of
            physiological data (for example heart rate, respiratory rate, temperature, blood
            pressure and oxygen saturation as inputs). Through advanced signal processing,
           Visensia® can identify changes in patient status.


                                                                            51 OK Summary 1

3.      Indications for Use
Visensia® with alert is an accessory to multi-parameter patient monitors (bedside, ambulatory, or
centralized location) or clinical information systems and is indicated for use by health care
professionals with those non-paediatric high dependency care patients for whom multi-parameter
patient monitoring has been routine.
Visensia®  provides the clinician with a patient status index (Visensia® Index) based on a weighted
average of five or four vital signs namely heart rate, respiration rate, temperature, oxygen
saturation and blood pressure. The Visensia® Index  is a single measure of a patient's condition
and represents how different the patient's vital signs are with respect to normality. Visensia ®
with Alert is an adjunct to and is not intended to replace vital sign monitoring and as such does
not contain alarms, but alerts the physician to changes in the patient's physiological status.
When a Visensia® Alert has activated,  it means that the Visensia® Index has reached and/or
 surpassed the default threshold and indicates that attention should be brought to the patient.

 4.     Substantial Equivalence
 Visensia®  is substantially equivalent to the following devices:

 Predicate device: A-2000 EEG Monitor with BIS
 Company: Aspect Medical Systems
 510(K) Number: K030267
 A-2000 EEG Monitor with BIS is an EEG monitoring system that monitors the state of the brain
 of an anesthetized or sedated patient. Raw EEG information obtained from patient sensors is
 processed with the complex Bispectral Index (BIS) algorithm and a number between 1 and 100
 calculated and displayed to the clinician. This BIS index and associated trend graph provides a
 direct indication of the patient's level of anaesthesia and includes an alerts or alarm feature.

 Visensia®is substantially equivalent to the A-2000 EEG Monitor with BIS in that it also takes a
 patient's physiological signals and processes them in order to provide the clinician with an index
 and associated trend graph indicative of the patient's state.

 Predicate device: Propaq 200 Series multi-parameter physiological monitor
 Company: Welch Allyn Protocol, Inc
 510(K) Number: K012451
 Visensia  is a software accessory to multi-parameter physiological patient monitors and as such
  is substantially equivalent to the Propaq 200. Visensia® and Propaq 200 provide real time
 monitoring and display of heart rate, respiration rate, blood pressure, temperature and oxygen
  saturation. Visensia® additionally provides a real time trend display of the data fusion of these
  vital signs.

                                                                            51 OK Summary 2

Predicate device: Sonicaid System 8002
Company: Oxford Instruments Medical
510(K) Number: K992607
Sonicaid System 8002 is a software accessory for the computerized analysis of antepartum
cardiotocograms (CTGs).  It informs the clinician whether a CTG meets a number of criteria that
are indicative of a normal CTG .These criteria were established by examination of historical
clinical data.
Visensia®is substantially equivalent to Sonicaid System 8002 in that its displayed graphical
representation of the fused vital signs is created by computer analysis and provides decision
support to a clinician in the determination of normality based on a model derived from historic
clinical data.

 Predicate device: EquivitalTM
Company: Hidalgo
 510(K) Number: K061993
The EquivitalTM device combines physiological parameters in to one index, "Physiological
 Welfare Index" and provides indications and alerts if physiology exceeds predefined boundaries.
 Visensia® combines physiological parameters into one index, the Visensia Index (VSI), and

 5.     Performance Studies
           Design verification: Design verification testing of Visensia® hardware and software
            against the specified requirements has been conducted and Visensia®  has been found
             to meet the specifications.
           Design validation: Design validation testing of Visensia  index model has been
           conducted and concluded that device specifications conformed with user needs and
            intended use.
            Electrical Safety: Visensia®is composed of standard, off the shelf PC computer
           components. There is no contact with the patient and the user assumes no risk greater
            than that when using a standard desk-top personal computer.
            Clinical Testing:  Clinical data illustrates the effectiveness of Visensia® and the
            usefulness of he alert function. The data correlates patient deterioration with alerting
             function.

  6.     Conclusion
 Based on the indications for use and performance studies, Visensia® is substantially equivalent to
  currently marketed devices for its intended use.


                                                                           51 OK Summary 3

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES                             Public Health Service


                                                                            Food and Drug Administration
                                                                             9200 Corporate Boulevard
                                                                                             Rockville MD 20850

                                     JUL 1 7 ZOOS


OBS Medical
c/o Mr. Wayne Nethercutt
Vice President, Clinical and Regulatory Affairs
11495 N. Pennsylvania St. Ste., 250
Carmel, TN 46032


    1.  I'nLTO 1 1%q.U
    Trade Name: Visensia ® with Alert
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1025
    Regulation Name: Arrhythmia Detector and Alarm
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MHX
    Dated:  July 8, 2008
    Received:  July 10, 2008

Dear Mr. Nethercutt:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device
referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications
for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate
commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to
devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug,
and Cosmetic Act (Act) Tfhat do not Tequire approval of apremarket approval applicatftm (PMA).
You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act.
The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing
of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class  III (PMA),  it
may be subject to such additional controls.  Existing major regulations affecting your device can
be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898.  In addition, FDA may
publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean
that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act
or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must
comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21

Page 2 -Mr. Wayne Nethercutt

CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); good manufacturing practice requirements as set
 forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic
product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.
This letter will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 510(k)
premarket notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally
marketed predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device
to proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please
contact the Center for Devices and Radiological Health's (CDRH's) Office of Compliance at
(240) 276-0120.  Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to
premarket notification" (21CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding postmarket surveillance,
1pkase c      m-cIC            I--rHn    Dit 3 Urveinance   n'du DoumelriC's ,tDD-~S)-1ivision of-iostmariket
Surveillance  at 240-276-3474.  For questions regarding the reporting of device adverse events
(Medical Device Reporting (MDR)), please contact the Division of Surveillance Systems at 240-
276-3464. You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from
the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free
number (800) 638-2041 or (240) 276-3150 or at its Internet address
http://www.fda.-gov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.


                                                      Sincerely yours,


                                                                                  Bra m DZcaM.D.
                                                     Director
                                                Division of CaridiovascularTDexices
                                                     Office of Device Evaluation
                                                  Center for Devices and
                                                      Radiological Health


Enclosure

INDICATIONS FOR USE

510(k) Number: K081140

Device Name: Visensia® with Alert

Indications For Use:
Visensia® with Alert is an accessory to multi-parameter patient monitors (bedside, ambulatory,
or centralized location) or clinical information systems and is indicated for use by health care
professionals with those non-paediatric high dependency care patients for whom multi-parameter
patient monitoring has been routine.
Visensia® provides the clinician with a patient status index (Visensia® Index) based on a weighted
average of five or four vital signs namely heart rate, respiration rate, temperature, oxygen
saturation and blood pressure. The Visensia® Index is a single measure of a patient's condition
and represents how different the patient's vital signs are with respect to normality. Visensia®
with Alert is an adjunct to and is not intended to replace vital sign monitoring and as such does
not contin alarmns but alerts the phy-sician o changes in the patient's physiological status.
When a Visensia®Alert has activated,  it means that the Visensia® Index has reached and/or
surpassed the default threshold and indicates that attention should be brought to the patient.
Caution: Federal (USA) law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.


Prescription Use  X       AND/OR  Over-The-Counter Use
(21 ~CFR 8O0  SubpmI D)                                    (21 -CFR 8O4 Stt1,patC)
(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF
NEEDED)


                           (Division Si
                           Division of Cardiovascular Devices               Page 1of
                        510(k) Number   KO9  mlu         ,