Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification      DEC 2 8  2011     Riverain Medical
Delta VieWTM                                                           Page 6

  3.0.   510(K) SUMMARY                      KCII-7tk

Submission Date:          June 21, 2011

Submitter Information:

      Company Name:      Riverain Medical Group, LLC.

      Company Address:   3020 South Tech Blvd., Miamisburg, OH 45342-4860

       Contact Person:      Jennifer Vetter Butsch
                                Director, Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance
                              Riverain Medical
                            800.990.3387
                            937.425.6493
                              jvetter~ri verainmed ical .com
Device Information:

      Trade Name:        DeltaViewTm
       Regulation Number:  21 CFR §892.2050
       Regulation Name:    System, Image Processing, Radiological
       Regulatory Class:    Class 11
      Product Code:      LLZ

Predicate Device:           SoftView
                          (K092363)
                              Riverain Medical Group, LLC
                             Class 11

Device Description:        DeltaView is a dedicated post-processing application which
                                  registers current and prior chest exams to provide an image
                                  that shows areas of change.

Intended Use:              DeltaView is intended to generate a secondary residual
                           image based on a current and prior chest x-ray image of the
                          same patient.

Indications for Use:        DeltaView is intended to generate a secondary residual
                           image based on a current and prior chest x-ray image of the
                          same patient, resulting in improved detection of lung
                              nodules. The DeltaView image provides adjunctive
                              information and is not a substitute for the original PA/AP
                             image. This device is intended to be used by trained
                                professionals, such as physicians and radiologists, on

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification                         Riverain Medical
DeltaViewTm                                                            Page 7

                                 patients with risk of having lung nodules, and is not
                              intended to be used on pediatric  patients.


Comparison to Predicate Device:

                          DeltaView is substantially equivalent to the cited predicate
                                device. Differences in the design and performance from the
                                 cited predicate device do not affect either the safety or
                               effectiveness of DeltaView for its intended use.

Conclusion:                DeltaView is a mathematical model of the current medical
                                 practice of manually comparing radiographic images.
                              Radiologists routinely compare prior and current chest x-rays
                           from the same patient, when available, to ascertain whether
                               pathological change has occurred. The comparison requires
                                the radiologist to associate regions of interest and neutralize
                                the acquisition effects. DeltaView facilitates the comparison
                              process through the automated formation of a difference
                             image, by registering and subtracting a difference of
                              normalized, bone suppressed image pairs. DeltaView achieves
                                   -this using a variety of advanced image processing and pattern
                               recognition methods. Just as the cited predicate device
                          removes obstructions from a chest X-ray image in order to
                            enhance the radiologist's detection of suspicious structures, so
                          DeltaView obscures the unchanged portions of patient images
                             taken over time in order to enhance the radiologist's detection
                            of suspicious, changed structures. Furthermore, DeltaView
                               uses the same bone suppression mechanism as the predicate
                              device as part of its residual image algorithm. There are no
                       new issues of safety and effectiveness raised by the
                               incorporation of the predicate device's bone suppression in
                                   this new device.

Reader Study Results:        In a multi-reader multi-case (MRMC) reader study,
                                radiologists interpreted pairs of images in order to compare
                                the radiologists'  ability to detect valid change when they
                           were aided by the DeltaView image. Localized receiver
                              operating characteristic curves (in terms of the trade-off
                           between sensitivity and specificity when the decision
                                    criteria change) were used to evaluate radiologists'
                               diagnostic performance in the detection of actionable lung
                             nodules on chest radiographs with and without the usage of
                            DeltaView. The results indicated that DeltaView should be

Traditional 510(k) Preniarket Notification                         Riverain Medical
Delta VieWTM                                                          Page 8

                               a useful adjunct for the interpretation of chest radiographs
                        when looking for a change in a lung nodule.

                         The objective of the study was to demonstrate that a
                                 radiologist's results when using DeltaView images are
                               superior to the radiologist's results when using standard
                                 prior and current AP/PA x-ray image pairs alone. Localized
                             Receiver Operating Characteristic (LROC) Analysis and
                              analyses for Sensitivity, Specificity, and Positive and
                            Negative Predictive Value were performed. The research
                              hypothesis indicating superiority was that the upper 95%
                             confidence limit on the differences in the area under the
                          DeltaView LROC curve (AUCDV)  subtracted from the
                               area under the Unaided LROC curve (AUCUA)  is greater
                              than or equal to 0.0.

                            There were significant changes when the DeltaView
                               difference image was used. The area under the LROC curve
                     (AUCLROC) increased from 0.477 to 0.536 (12.4%) (p=
                             2.9E-05)

Substantial Equivalence:    The reader study described above used similar methods and
                             achieved similar results to the reader study that was
                            reviewed by FDA when clearing the predicate device
                            (K092363). In both cases, an image processing application
                               generates a secondary image for the radiologist to view,
                            and in both cases, the use of this secondary image resulted
                              in a statistically significant improvement in the
                                 radiologist's ability to detect actionable lung nodules.

                                             It should also be noted that DeltaView automates the
                               current clinical reading practice of manually comparing a
                                current radiographic image with a prior image from the
                         same patient.

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES            Public Health Service4
                                                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                                                                 10903 New Hampshire Avenue
                                                                      Document Control Room -W066-G609
                                                                                             Silver Spring, MD 20993-0002


   Ms. Jennifer Vetter Butsch
    Director, Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance         DEC 2 8  2011
   Riverain Medical Group, LLC
   3020 South Tech Boulevard
  MIAMISBURG OH 45342-4860

   Re: K1 11776
        Trade/Device Name: DeltaViewTM
        Regulation Number:  21 CFR 892.2050
        Regulation Name:  Picture archiving and communications system
        Regulatory Class: 11
        Product Code: LLZ
        Dated: December  12, 2011
        Received:  December 14, 2011


   Dear Ms. Butsch:

  We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device
   referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications
   for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate
   commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to
   devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug,
   and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA).
  You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act.  The'
   general controls provisions of the Act include. requirements for annual registration, listing of
   devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
   adulteration.

    If your device is classified (see above) into class 11 (Special Controls),  it may be subject to such
   additional controls.  Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21,
  Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895.  In addition, FDA may publish further
   announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

   Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean
   that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act
   or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must
   comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21
  CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of

Page 2

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice
requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).  This letter
will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 5 10(k) premarket
notification.  The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed
predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to
proceed to the market.
If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 801 and
809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-
5450. Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket
notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97).  For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events
under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to
                                                                                 for the CDRH' s Officehfttp://www.fda.gowv/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReplortaProbleni/default.htm
of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.
You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the
Division of Small Manufacturers,  International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number
 (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address
http://www.fda.gov/cdrhindustr/sppDort/index.htmi.

                                              Sincerely Yours,


                                    Mary S. Pastel, Sc.D.
                                              Director
                                            Division of Radiological Devices
                                               Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device
                                             Evaluation and Safety
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


 Enclosure

Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known):  Ki111776

Device Name:  DeltaView

Indications for Use:
DeltaView is intended to generate a secondary residual image based on a current and
prior chest x-ray image of the same patient, resulting in improved detection of lung
nodules that have changed between the two examinations. The DeltaView image
provides adjunctive information and is not a substitute for the original PAIAP image.
This device is intended totbe used by trained professionals, such as physicians and
radiologists, on patients with risk of having lung nodules, and is not intended to be used
on pediatric patients.


                                                                                                                                                ___Prescription Use   X           AND/OR        Over-The-Counter Use
(Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)                                 (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

  (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF
NEEDED)

            Concurrence of CDRI-,  Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OIYD)


                                                                                                                                                     _   __                                                               (Di   onSign-Oft)                           Page 1 of
                                              Division of  adiologioai Devices
                                         oficeon VIVO D2YAOStIc Deavice Evaluatin and Safety