510(k) Summary                                                    AR1
                       Prepared January 7, 2011          AR~21
Sponsor:               RadLogics, Inc.
Contact Person:       Moshe Becker
Telephone:            408 966 4874
Fax:                4089664874
Submission Date:      December 6, 2011
Device Name:           AlphaPoint Imaging Software

Common Name:         Imaging Software
Classification:
Regulatory Class:       11
Review Category:         Class 11
Classification Panel:      Radiology
                        System, Imaging Processing ;21 CFR 892.2050; ILLZ
A. Legally Marketed Predicate Devices
The modified software is substantially equivalent to the Vitrea 2 software
manufactured by Vital Images, Inc. and cleared pursuant to K060378.
B. Device Description:
     The AlphaPoint system provides a full application framework with
       integration to PACS using DICOM. The system has the following functions:
         *  Communicates with PACS to get imaging studies for processing;
         *  Activates one or more applications that process the imaging data
           and use segmentation and Hounsfield measurements algorithms to
               find and measure various attributes in the images, and also identify
              particular slices as references images for the findings ;
         *  Formats the processing results for each study into a Preliminary
            Findings Report
      * Sends the results to PACS.
      * The software is written in C++, C# and Matlab.

C. Intended Use
 The AlphaPoint software is a device that allows review, analysis, and interchange
 of CT chest images.   It is intended for use with CT Chest images to assist
 medical professionals in image analysis.  It is not intended to be the primary
 interpretation. The software provides segmentation, Hounsfield numerical
 analysis, and substance indication. The user can review, verify and correct the
 results of the system and generate a report of the findings.

D. Substantial Equivalence
The submission device is substantially equivalent to the predicate software
 device with regard to both intended use and technological characteristics.  Both
 devices retrieve and process chest images from Computed Tomography (CT).
 Both systems are DICOM compliant.

E. Performance Data
The AlphaPoint software has been verified and validated according to the
company's design control process.  It was tested for compliance with the DICOM
Standard and passed the six DICOM specific test cases provided in Section
4.4.4.2 of the Validation Test Report.  The software development process
complies with FDA Guidance documents related to software in Medical Devices
and all of the documents specified have been submitted in the 510(k) Notification
and can be summarized as follows
The software development life cycle includes various verification activities and
the formal software validation. The software verification activities include design
reviews, code reviews, unit tests and system testing.
The Software Test Description (STD) for the Alphapoint System describes the
test cases for the device, along with its acceptance criteria, and the detailed test
procedure. The test cases in the STD are traced to the requirements found in
the SRS. The STD was developed using the template found in the IEEE Std 829-
2008, IEEE Standard for Software Test Documentation and J-STD 016 (IEEE
STD 1498), Software Development and Documentation.
The validation test runs were documented in the Software Test Report (STR) for
the Alphapoint System. The STR contains the date, tester name, software
versions, specific configurations used in the testing and the Pass/Fail grade for
each test procedure step. The STR summarizes the validation assessment,
which states that the software is ready for release. The STR was developed
using the template found in the IEEE Std 829-2008, IEEE Standard for Software
Test Documentation and J-STD 016 (IEEE STD 1498), Software Development
and Documentation.
The validation was performed by a qualified independent software validation
engineers who were not directly involved in the software design and
implementation efforts. All anomalies have been resolved.

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES            Public Health Service4
                                                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                                                                10903 New Hampshire Avenue
                                                                       Document Control Room - W066-G609
                                                                                           Silver Spring, MD 2099'3-0002


  RadLogics, Inc.
  Mr. Mark Job
  Accredited Third Party Reviewer
 % Regulatory Technology Services Incorporated                       APR 1 3  2012
  1394 25t  Street, NW
 BUFFALO MN  55313

  Re: K120161
      Trade/Device Name: AlphaPoint Imaging Software
       Regulation Number:  21 CFR 892.2050
       Regulation Name:  Picture archiving and communications system
       Regulatory Class: 11
       Product Code: LLZ
       Dated: February 20, 2012
       Received:  February 21, 2012


  Dear Mr. Job:

  We have reviewed your Section 5 10(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device
  referenced above and have detenmined the device  is substantially equivalent (for the indications
   for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate
  commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to
  devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug,
  and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA).
  You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The
  general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,  listing of
   devices; good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
   adulteration.

   If your device  is classified (see above) into class 11 (Special Controls),  it may be subject to such
   additional controls.  Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in Title 21,
  Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), Parts 800 to 895.  In addition, FDA may publish further
  announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

   Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean
   that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act
   or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must
  comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to' registration and listing (21
  CER Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Parts 801 and 809); medical device reporting (reporting of

Page 2

medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); and good manufacturing practice
requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820).  This letter
will allow you to begin marketing your device as described in your Section 5 10(k) premarket
notification. The FDA finding of substantial equivalence of your device to a legally marketed
predicate device results in a classification for your device and thus, permits your device to
proceed to the market.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Parts 891 and
809), please contact the Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device Evaluation and Safety at (301) 796-
5450.  Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket
notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97).  For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events
under the MiDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to
http://www.fda.govfMedicalDevices/SafetyReportaProblem/ldefault.htm   for the CDRH's Office
of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general infornation on your responsibilities under the Act from the
Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number
(800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address
http://www.fda.aov/cdrh/industry/support/index.html.


                                                    c ing Director
                                           Division of Radiological Devices
                                             Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Device
                                            Evaluation and Safety
                                          Center for Devices and Radiological Health


Enclosure

51 0(k) Number (if known):

Device Name:               AlphaPoint Imaging Software
Indications for Use:

The AlphaPoint software is a device that allows review, analysis, and interchange of CT
chest images.  It is intended for use with CT Chest images to assist medical professionals
in image analysis.  It is not intended to be the primary interpretation. The software
provides segmentation  and Hounsfield numerical analysis values which are indicative of
various substances (i.e., air, lung, soft tissue, fat, water, transudlate, exudate, blood,
muscle and bone). The user can review, verify and correct the results of the system and
generate a report of the findings..


                                                                                                                                       ___     Prescription Use _  _X    AN/R     Over-The-Counter Use
     (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart  )  AN/R      (21 CFR 801 Subpart'C)

  (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF
                              NEEDED)


            Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostic Devices (OTVD)


   o~ imln+Da~Vitro

               61(0