K131044
                                                                          Page 1/4

                          510(k) Summary
                                          807.92(c)
SPONSOR                                                                          807.92(a)(1)
Company Name:                        Diacoustic Medical Devices (Pty) Ltd.
Company Address:                      Electron Street
                                    Octo Place A3
                                  Techno Park
                                       Stellenbosch
                                     South Africa              0423
Telephone:                          +27 (0)21 880 2223
Fax:                                +27 (0)86 557 4381
Contact Person:                       Matthys Oronje
Summary Preparation Date:            March  13, 2013
DEVICE NAME                                                                     807.92(a)(2)
Trade Name:                        SensiCardiac Mobi Diagnostic Heart Murmur
                                         Application
Common/Usual Name                    Electronic Stethoscope/Heart Sounds Analyzer
Classification Name                      Electronic Stethoscope; Phonocardiograph
Regulation Number                      21 CFR 870.1875, 870.2390
Product Code                      DOD, DQC
Device Class                          Class 11
Reviewing Panel:                       Cardiology
PREDICATE DEVICE                                                               807.92(a)(3)
Legally Marketed Equivalent Device
        Company                     Product                 5 10(k)
 Diacoustic Medical Devices      Sensi Cardiac Diagnostic            K1 21617
                                  Heart Murmur Software
DEVICE DESCRIPTION                                                            807.92(a)(4)
The SensiCardiac Mobi Diagnostic Heart Murmur Application is a decision support device
intended to acquire, record, and anlyze heart sounds. It is used to distinguish between
normal/ physiological and pathological heart murmurs by recording the acoustic signal of the
heart by means of an electronic stethoscope.
The complete system is a software application comprising Sensi Diagnostic Heart Murmur
Algorithm that runs on a hosted server environment with Linux operating system, a hand held
device to capture patient data, instructions for use and the electronic stethoscope that
captures the acoustic heart signals. The user must provide a compatible electronic
stethoscope.

K131044
                                                                               Page 2/4
SensiCardiac Mobi is a decision support software package intended to assist medical
examiners in heart auscultation.
The SensiCardiac Mobi system consists of the following components:
    1. The Sensi Diagnostic Heart Murmur Algorithm running within a hosted environment
       with TCP/IP interfaces to:
          o   a hand held mobile device (iPhone 4S or later)
           a  A database with patient and health worker information
    2. A hand held mobile device (iPhone 4S or later) with the following uses:
          o   electronic transfer of the medical device data (TCP/IP interface)
          o  the electronic interfacing and conversion of the electronic stethoscope audio signal.
          o  The electronic display of medical device data.
         .Capturing  of basic patient information.
    3. A compatible electronic stethoscope with characteristics
              oRecording      Frequency Range: 20 Hz to 10,000 Hz
              oSampling      Frequency:          > 4,000 Hz
              oData    Recording:              Standard .wav files at resolution of l6bit, mono
          o  Recording Time:            minimum 10 sec, maximum 30 sec
                oElectronic      stethoscope; compatible model:        ThinkLabs Medical ds32a+
            oNumber      of Sensors:            1
The Sensi Diagnostic Heart Murmur Algorithm distinguishes between normal] physiological
and pathological heart murmurs by analyzing the acoustic heart signals captured with an
electronic stethoscope. The device will record the acoustic sound of the heart at the four main
auscultation positions. The acoustic heart signal is analyzed to identify heart sounds that may
be present, identified sounds include Si, S2 and suspected murmurs.
The Sensi Diagnostic Heart Murmur Algorithm or the application running on the hand held
mobile device does not control the medical device (electronic stethoscope) or actively
monitoring the patient.

.DEVICE INDICATIONS FOR USE                                                   807.92(a)(5)
 The SensiCardiac Mobi is an electronic auscultatory device, intended to provide support to
the physician in the evaluation of patients' heart sounds.
The product acquires and records the acoustic signals of the heart and analyzes these
signals. The analysis procedure will identify specific heart sounds that may be present.
Identified sounds include S1, S2, and suspected murmurs. The device is indicated for use in a
clinical setting, by a physician or by trained personnel who are acting on the orders of a
licensed physician. It is not intended as a sole means of diagnosis.

K131044
                                                                              Page 3/4
The interpretations of heart sounds offered by the SensiCardiac Mobi are only significant
when used in conjunction with physician over-read as well as consideration of all other
relevant patient data.,

COMPARISON OF TECHNICAL CHARACTERISTICS                          807.92(a)(6)
The SensiCardiac Mobi software device features were directly compared with the FDA
cleared Sensi Cardiac Diagnostic Heart Murmur Software. Both systems use the exact same
Diagnostic Heart Murmur Algorithm and electronic stethoscope to capture the heart sounds.
The user interface was adapted to function on the latest mobile hand held devices and the
algorithm implemented as a hosted service.
Synopsis of the comparison analysis:
     *Both  systems use the exact same (identical) Diagnostic Heart Murmur Algorithm for
       analyzing the heart sounds. No modifications were made to the FDA cleared  Sensi
      Cardiac Diagnostic Heart Murmur Software's algorithm and used as is within
      SensiCardiac Mobi.
     *Both  systems use equivalent computer platforms to execute the Diagnostic Heart
      Murmur Algorithm. No computational or control functions were implemented on the
       mobile hand held device.
     *Both  systems interfaces to the same electronic stethoscope (ThinkLabs Medical
       ds32a+).
     *Equivalent  patient information is captured on both platforms.
     *The  clinical performance of both systems is equivalent.
     *An  equivalent workflow and graphical user interface were implemented on
      SensiCardiac Mobi, as used within the FDA cleared
     *The new SonsiCardiac Mobi software's graphical user interface is nearly identical to
       the previous FDA cleared Sensi Cardiac Diagnostic Heart Murmur Software.
After analyzing bench test and user testing data,  it is the conclusion of Diacoustic Medical that
the SensiCardiac Mobi device consisting of the Sensi Diagnostic Heart Murmur Software
and compatible electronic stethoscopes is as safe and effective as the predicate device and
raises no new issues of safety and effectiveness.
SAFETY AND EFFECTIVENESS                                                807.92(b)
A comprehensive  list of verification and validation testing was performed in accordance to
Diacoustic's Design Control procedures.
Software validation was performed for all aspects of the SensiCardiac Mobi system and
software. The graphical user interface and usability were compared to the predicate devices.
Validation of the SensiCardiac Mobi was performed to ensure that the SensiCardiac Mobi
system consistently fulfills its intended use and the needs of the user. Software validation was
performed to insure the performance of the software algorithm is identical to that of the Sensi
Cardiac Diagnostic Heart Murmur Software.

K(131044
                                                                             Page 4/4

 Study Title        7                      Resulits
 SensiCardiac Mob): Verification Study and      FDA cleared SensiCardiac and SensiCardiac Mob! achieves the same
 Comparison                                            results on the same data set. The two systems' diagnostic features are
                                                     therefore equivalent.
 SensiCardiac Mobi: Graphical User Interface    The graphical user interface of SensiCardiac Mob! compares favorably
 Comparison                                             to SensiCardiac with similarities between  all the major display and
                                                       interface functions. SensiCardiac was used as baseline for the
                                               development;  usability improved.
 SensiCardiac Mob!: Acoustic Performance        Results indicated that the iPhone 4S and 5 devices running 05S 6 are
 Study                                      more than adequate for this application.
 SensiCardiac Mob!: Usability Verification         SensiCarcilac Mob! scored high on usability and is seen as a major
                                             improvement on the PC version of this application.
 Development of a Pediatric Cardiac Computer      Specificity of 94% and sensitivity of 84% (relative to golden standard  -
Aided Auscultation Decision Support System      echo)
 Qualitative Computer Aided Auscultation Study     Usability validation was performed within real life clinical settings by
 by Intended Users                                intended users.
                                     On average all users scored the usability of the Sensi Software more
                                                 than 4 out of 5.
 ARCA Clinical Report                          1568 heart sounds were accepted to meet the criteria of good quality
                                            and match the recorded pathological condition (all patients were echoed
                                                                                    - golden standard)
CONCLUSION                                                                807.92(b)(3)
Based upon the indications for use, technological characteristics and safety and performance
testing,  it is the conclusion of Diacoustic Medical that the SensiCardiac Mobi device
consisting of the Sensi Diagnostic Heart Murmur Algorithm, a mobile hand held device and a
compatible electronic stethoscope is as safe and effective as the predicate device and raises
no new issues of safety and effectiveness.

DEPARTNMENT OF HEALTHl & JIUNIAN SERVICES                  PNc ~iSnc
                                                                                                                                                              1t.R,id nWiihUg Adiintso
                                                                                                                                                                                 I OI(3 New  I iaunpshnt Avenue  i4.
                                                                                                           I)ocumeni Control Center  -  A-o6(-(it,(q
                                                                                                               S4,  ci Spring, MDt20943-0602

                                     September 4, 2013


Diacoustic Medical Devices (Pty) Ltd.
c/o Ms. Yolanda Smith
Consultant
Smith Associates
1468 H-arwell Ave
Crofton. MD  21114

Re: K 131044
    Trade/Device Name:  Diacouscic Medical Devices (PTY) Ltd
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1875
    Regulation Name:  Stethoscope
    Regulatory Class: Class 11
    Product Code:  DQD. DQC
    Dated:  July  15, 2013
    Received: July 16. 2013

Dear Ms. Smith:

We have reviewved your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device
referenced above and have determined the device is Substantially equivalent (for the indications
for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate
commerce  prior to May 28. 1976. the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to
devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food. Drug.
and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA).
 You may. therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act.
The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements  for annual registration. listing of
devices, good manufacturing practice. labeling, and prohibitions against mnisbranding and
adulteration.  Please note: CDRH- does not evaluate information related to contract liability
warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and  nlot misleading.

 If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class Ill (PMA).
it may be subject to additional controls.  Existing major regulations affecting your device canl be
found in the Code of Federal Regulations. Title 21. Parts 800 to 898.  In addition. FDA may
publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Reuister.

Page 2 - Ms. Yolanda Smith
Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean
 that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act
or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must
comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21
CER Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical
device-related adverse events) (21 CER 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set
forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic
product radiation control provisions (Sections 53 1-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.
If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please
contact the Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its tollfree number (800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at  its Internet address
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Induscrv/default.htm.  Also, please note
the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21ICFR Part
807.97).  For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21
CFR Part 803), please go to
httD?://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safeiyv/RenortaProblem/default.htm for the CDRJ-'s Office
of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postinarket Surveillance.
You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the
Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number
(800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address
http://www.fda.g-ov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/lndustry/default.htm.

                                             Sincerely yours,
                               Owen.       I>Faris -                                            for
                                             Brain D. Zuckerman, M.D.
                                              Director
                                            Division of Cardiovascular Devices
                                            Office of Device Evaluation
                                           Center for Devices and
                                             Radiological Health

Enclosure

Indications for Use
510(k) Number (if known): K(131044

Device Name: SensiCardiac Mobi

Indications for Use:

 The SensiCardiac Mobi is an electronic auscultatory device, intended to provide support to the
physician in the evaluation of patients' beant sounds.
The product acquires and records the acoustic signals of the heart and analyzes these signals. The
analysis procedure will identify' specific beant sounds that may be present. Identified sounds
include SI, S2, and suspected murmurs. The device is indicated for use in a clinical setting, by a
physician or by trained personnel who are acting an the orders of a licensed physician. It is not
intended as a sole means of diagnosis.

The interpretations of heart sounds offered by the SensiCardiac Mobi are only significant when
used in conjunction with physician over-read as well as consideration of all other relevant patient
data.


     Prescription Use _V_       ADO         Over-The-Counter Use    ___
      (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)     AN/R(21        CFR 807 Subpart C)

  (PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE OF
                              NEEDED)


                Concurrence of CDRH, Office of Device Evaluation (ODE)


                                                     D11Igialsigned by OweniP.

                                                         Data2013,09"4 ititi

                                                                        Page  __of__