RTA Response Submission: Ysio Max           0 E.WdP-A S510(k)
510(k) Summary:  Ysio Max

Company:      Siemens Medical Systems,  Inc.
                  51 Valley Stream Parkway                                     JAN 2 4  2014
                 Malvern, PA 19355

Date Prepared:  November 20, 2013
This 510(k) summary  of safety and effectiveness information  is being submitted  in
accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR § 807.92.

   1. General Information:
     Importer / Distributor:
     Siemens Medical Solutions, Inc.
      51 Valley Stream Parkway
      Malvern, PA 19355
     Establishment Registration Number:
     2240869
     Manufacturing Site:
    SIEMENS AG Sector Healthcare
     Rdntgenstrasse 19 -21
     0-95478 Kemnath, Germany
     Establishment Registration Number:
     3002466016

2.   Contact Person:
       Mr. Darren Dorman
      Regulatory Affairs Specialist
     Siemens Medical Solutions USA,  Inc.
      51 Valley Stream Pkwy - Mail Code 002
      Malvern, PA 19355, USA
     Phone: +1 610 219-9066 -Fax: +1 610 448-1787
      Email: darrendorman@siemens.com

3.   Device Name and Classification:
     Trade Name:             Ysio Max
      Classification Name:      Stationary X-Ray system
      Regulation:              Radiology
     Review Panel:           Radiology
     Device Code:           KPIR
      Regulation Number:      892.1680
     Device Class:            Class 11

Special 51 0(k) for Ysio Max                                 Siemens Medical Systems,  Inc.
                            6 of 406

510(k) IRTA Response Submission: Ysio Max                    I.E

4.   Legally marketed Predicate device:
     Trade Name:             Ysio
      Classification Name:      Stationary X-Ray system
      Regulation:              Radiology
     Review Panel:           Radiology
     Product Code         KPR
     Regulation Number:      892.1680
     Device Class:            Class 11

5.   Device Description:
The Ysio Max Radiography  X-ray system  is designed as a modular system  with
components such as ceiling suspension  with X-ray  tube, Bucky  wall  stand,  Bucky
table, X-ray generator,  portable wireless and fixed integrated detectors, that may be
combined  into different configurations to meet specific customer needs.
The  Ysio Max  components may  be  used  together  with  fluoroscopy  tables   (i.e.
Luminos  Agile  or  Luminos  dRF)  to  facilitate  radiographic  examinations  on  such
tables, when not needed for fluoroscopy.
The Ysio Max Radiography X-ray system is based on the currently available predicate
Ysio.

6.   Indication for Use:
The  Ysio Max  is a radiographic system  used  in hospitals,  clinics, and  medical
practices. Ysio Max enables radiographic and tomographic exposures  of the whole
body including: skull, chest, abdomen, and extremities and may be used on pediatric,
adult and  bariatric patients.  It can also be used  for intravenous, small interventions
(like  biopsy,  punctures,   etc.)  and  emergency  (trauma,   critical    ill)  applications.
Exposures may be taken with the  patient  sitting,  standing,  or in the prone  position.
The Ysio Max system is not meant for mammography.

The Ysio Max uses integrated or portable digital detectors for generating diagnostic
images by converting x-rays  into electronic signals. Ysio Max is also designed to be
used with conventional film/screen or Computed Radiography (CR) cassettes.

7.   Substantial Equivalence:
The Ysio Max is substantially equivalent to the.bredicate Ysio:
         510(k)       Date of        Device        Comparable Properties
      Number     Clearance    Name
        K081 722     08/22/2008     Ysio                      -   Indication for use
                                                                                                 -  X-ray technology
                                                                                                 -  Image processing
                                                                                                 -  Mechanical design

Special 510O(k)  for Ysio Max                                 Siemens Medical Systems,  Inc.
                            7 of 406

tvt7        .Lv   .a                  510(k) RTA Response Submission: Ysio Max

Some of the components used on the Ysjo Max i.e. X-Ray generator, X-Ray tube,
user interface, and displays are being used in the predicate Ysio.

8. Summary  of  Technological  Characteristics  of  the  Subject  Device  as
   compared with the Predicate Device:
The Ysio Max Radiography X-ray system is designed as a modular system of X-Ray
components  (ceiling suspension with X-Ray tube, Bucky wall stand, Bucky table, XRay generator,  portable  wireless and  fixed  detectors) which  is the same  as the
predicate Ysio. The Indication For Use remains unchanged compared to the predicate
Ysio. The changes to the predicate Ysio include:
      " A new  detector  generation  by  the same  manufacturer  (Trixell):  one
             integrated  detector sized 43x43cm and two wireless  detectors in sizes
         35x43cm and 24x30cm. The new detector generation  offers improved
            options  for  the  clinician  and  the  patient  with  three  sizes  of image
             capability with two of the detectors portable/wireless in two size options.
          The smaller detector, MAX  Mini, is optimal for smaller images of the hand
             or foot for example.
      " New system  control  software, which  realizes  Free  Axis Simultaneous
            Travel (FAST) in up to 6 axes at the same time supported by 8 individual
            motors. This feature, along with the AIM  (Artificial Intelligence Mapping)
            feature is designed  to calculate the shortest, fastest and safest path from
          one  position  to the  next,  in safe and  efficient way. These features are
            present  in the  predicate  Ysio,   but  improvements  in  the  software
           performance  allow  for simultaneous movements in multiple  axis in the
            subject  device.  This  increases workflow  efficiency  in positioning  the
          equipment for different examinations.
      " The  option   to  process  images  with  Riverain  ClearRead   (formerly
             SoftView), which provides a soft tissue image  for  digital chest X-rays.
           ClearRead from Riverain Medical has  its own 510(k) K092363 which was
            cleared  on March  18,  2010.   This feature  for image  processing was
             available in the predicate Ysio as an  option. In this 510(k) this imagine
           procesasing package  is established as an  optional configuration  for the
            subject device.I
      " Ergonomic  mechanical improvement which  includes new handgrips  for
            the Bucky wall stand.

These modifications to the device do not have an effect on safety and effectiveness
compared  to the predicate Ysio.

9. Performance Testing:
Siemens claims conformance in signed Statements of Conformance to recognized
performance standards. This submission contains performance data to demonstrate
continued conformance with special controls for medical devices containing software.
Non clinical tests (integration and functional) were conducted on the software during
product development. The Risk Analysis was completed and  risk control implemented to


Special  510O(k) for Ysio Max                                 Siemens Medical Systems, Inc.
                            8 of 406

RTA Response Submission: Ysio Max             F Eli~lS510(k)
mitigate any identifed hazards. The testing results supports that all software
specifications have met the acceptance criteria.
Testing for verification and validation of the device was found acceptable to support the
claims of substantial equivalence.
EMC/electrical safety was evaluated according to the lEO Standards. Siemens certifies
conformance  to Voluntary Standards covering Electrical and Mechanical Safety.
In conclusion, the identified risk of electrical hazards was mitigated and is substantially
equivalent to the predicate device Ysio in terms of safety and effectiveness.

The following quality assurance measures were applied to the development of the
system:
    *   Risk Analysis
    *  Requirement Specification Reviews
    *  Design Reviews
    *   Integration testing (System verification)

10. Summary of Clinical Tests:
Clinical testing was not applicable as Ysio Max has no new or changed  Indications for
Use nor any new clinical applications were introduced with the modified system.

11.  General Safety and Effectiveness Concerns:
Instructions  for use are  included  within  the  device  labeling,  and  the  information
provided  will enable the user to operate the device in a safe and  effective manner.
Several safety features. including visual and audible warnings  are incorporated  into
the system design. Inaddition the '(slo Max Radiography X-Ray system is continually
monitored, and  if an error occurs, the system functions  will be blocked and an error
message  will be displayed.
Furthermore the operators are health care professionals familiar with and responsible
for the X-Ray examinations to be performed.  To minimize electrical, mechanical and
radiation hazards, Siemens adheres to recognized and established industry practices,
and all equipment is subject to final performance testing.

12.  Conclusion as to Substantial Equivalence:
The Ysio Max is intended for the same indication for use as the predicate Ysio. The
operating environment is the same and. mechanical design similar.  It is Siemens
opinion, that the Ysio Max is substantially equivalent to the Ysio, cleared 8/25/2008
with K081 722.


Special 51 0(k) for Ysio Max                                 Siemens Medical Systems, Inc
                            9 of 406

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES                                   Public Health Service

                                                                                                    Food and Drug Administrution
                                                                                                      10903 New Hampshire Avenue
                                                                                               Document Control Center  - W066.G60Q
                                                                                                                         Silver Spring. MD 2093.0I2
                                          January 24, 2014
Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
% Mr. Darren Dorman
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
51 Valley Stream Parkway
MALVERN PA  19355

Re: K133259
    Trade/Device Name: Ysio Max
     Regulation Number:  21 CFR 892.1680
     Regulation Name:  Stationary x-ray system
    Regulatory Class: 11
     Product Code: KPR
     Dated: December 23, 2013
     Received: December 26, 2013

Dear Mr. Dorman:
We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device
referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications
for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate
commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to
devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug,
and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premark~t approval application (PMA).
You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The
general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of
devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration.  Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability
warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.
 If your device is classified (see above) into either class 11 (Special Controls) or class IlI (PMA),
 it may be subject to additional controls.  Existing major regulations affecting your device can be
 found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898.  In addition, FDA may
 publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.
 Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean
 that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act
 or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must
 comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited  to: registration and listing (21
CFR Pant 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 80 1); medical device reporting (reporting of medical
 device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set
 forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic
 product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050,

Page 2-Mr. Dorman

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please
contact the Division of Small Manufacturers,  International and Consumer Assistance  at  its tollfree number (800) 638 2041 or (301) 796-7100 or al  its Internet address
lI1t://%ww.r'dagov/MdicalDcvicesf/RcSOurccsforYoti/lndListrv/dfaLilt.lilm.   Also, please note
the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premnarket notification" (2I1CFR Pant
807.97).  For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21
CFR Part 803). please go to
htp://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safetv/ReportaProblemi/default.htm   for the CDRH's Office
of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the
Division of Small Manufacturers, International and Consumer Assistance at its toll-free number
(800) 638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address
htto://www.fda.qov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industrv./defau    lt.htmn.

                                              Sincerely yours.


                                                                                          for
                                             Janine M. Morris
                                                 Director. Division of Radiological Health
                                             Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                           Center  for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Special 6101k) Submission: Ysio Max
                      Indications for Use

510(k) Number (ifknown):    Kl33259

Device Name:               Yale Max

Indications for Use:

The  Ysio Max  is a  radiographic sy stem us ed in  hospitals,  clinics, and  medical
practices. Ys le Max ena bles r adiographic and  t omographic exposures o f the whole
body including: skull, chest, abdomen, and extremities and may be used on pediatric,
adult and bar iatric patients.  It can al so be us ed for intravenous, sm all inrterventions
(like  biopsy,  punctures,  etc.) and   emergency (tr auma,   critical    ill)  applications.
Exposures may be taken with the patient sitting, standing, or in the prone position. The
Ysio Max system is not meant for mammography.

The Ysio Max uses integrated or portable digital detectors for generating diagnostic
images by converting x-rays into electronic signals. Ysio Max is also designed to be
used with conventional film/screen or Computed Radiography (CR) cassettes.


Prescription Use  _               AND/OR         Over-The-Counter Use

(Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart 0)                                    (21 CFR 807 Subpart C)

(PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE-CONTINUE ON ANOTHER PAGE IF
NEEDED)


           Concurrence of CDRH, Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological
Health .(OIR)


                                           (Division Sign Off)
                                   Division of Radiological Health
                       Office of In Vitro Diagnostic and Radiological Health

                                     50(k)    K133259

                                                           Pagel1of     I

 510(k) Ysio Max                    Page 20 of 2392      Siemens Medical Systems, Inc.