GE Healthcare
Hepatic VCAR0
510(k) Premaorket Notification Submission
                                                             [U~3 (4
                            510(k) Summary          A  2  2014
in accordance with 21 CER 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:
                      Date:  November 25, 2013
                 Submitter:  GE Medical Systems SCS
                              283, rue de Ia Mini~re
                         78530 Buc, France
   Primary Contact Person:   Peter Uhlir
                            Regulatory Affairs Leader
                                     Tel: 00 3623 410121
                                Fax: (262) 364 2506
       Secondary Contact  Huy Doan
                    Person:   Regulatory Affairs Director
                        GE Healthcare
                                     Tel: (414) 581-8553
                                Fax: (262) 364 2506
       Device Trade Name:   Hepatic VCAR
   Common/Usual Name:   Hepatic VCAR
      Classification Names:  21CFR 892.1750, Radiology
            Product Code:  JAK
        Predicate Device(s):  K041521  - Volume Viewer Plus
          DevieDecripion:Hepatic VCAR isa CT image analysis software package that allows           DevieDecripion:the analysis and visualization of Liver CT data derived from DICOM
                                  3.0 compliant CT scans. Hepatic VcAR is designed for the purpose
                                of assessing liver morphology, including liver'lesion, provided the
                                 lesion has different CT appearance from surrounding liver tissue:
                         and its change over time through automated tools for liver, liver
                                 lobe, liver segments and liver lesion segmentation and
                          measurement.
                                This software will assist the user by providing initial 3D
                            segmentation. vessel analysis, visualization, and quantitative
                               analysis of liver anatomy. The user has the ability to adjust the
                            contour and confirm the final segmentation.
                            Key functionalities of the Hepatic VCAR include:
                           a. Lesion segmentation

GE Healthcare

Hepatic VCAR

                         b.Liver segmentation
                             c. Portal vein segmentation
                         d.Segment Separation by Portal Vein Branches
                           e.Virtual Scalpel feature
                             Hepatic VCAR is also made available as a standalone post
                             processing application on the AW VolumeShare 5 workstation and
                              the AW Server image processing platforms that host advanced
                          image processing applications.

       indications for Use /Hepatic   VCAR  is a CT image analysis software package that
            intended Use:   allows the analysis and visualization of Liver CT data derived
                          from DICOM  3.0 compliant CT scans. Hepatic VCAR is designed
                                 for the purpose  of assessing  liver morphology,  including liver
                                 lesion, provided the lesion has different CT appearance from
                           surrounding  liver  tissue; and   its change over time through
                        automated  tools for  liver, liver  lobe,  liver segments and  liver
                               lesion segmentation and measurement. It is intended for use by
                                clinicians to process, review, archive, print and distribute liver CT
                               studies.
                               This  software   will  assist  the  user  by  providing   initial 3D
                           segmentation,  vessel  analysis, visualization, and  quantitative
                             analysis of liver anatomy. The user has the ability to adjust the
                           contour and confirm the final segmentation.
              Technology:  The Hepatic VCAR software employs the same fundamental
                                  scientific technology as its predicate device.
          Determination of  Summary of Nan-Clinical Tests:
   Substantial Equivalence:  The Hepatic VCAR software complies with NEMA PS 3.1  - 3.20
                              (2011) Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)
                              Set (Radiology) standard.
                         The Hepatic VCAR software employs the same fundamental
                                  scientific technology as  its predicate device (volume Viewer).
                            Hepatic VCAR SW uses the equivalent CT DICOM image data
                             input  requirements.    it  has  equivalent  display,  formatting,
                             archiving  and  visualization  technologies compared  to  the
                             predicate   device.   Hepatic  VCAR    utilizes  the  enhanced
                          segmentation  tools  (threshold,  auto-select)  already found  in
                        Volume Viewer and optimizes the segmentation algorithms for
                                lesion  segmentation,  liver segmentation,  vessel  (Portal  Vein)
                          segmentation and  liver lobe segmentation. The Virtual Scalpel
                             feature takes advantage of the existing enhanced visualization
                                capabilities and  provides  for an  alternative way  to  virtually
                           separate    liver   partitions,  independently   of   portal   vein
                           segmentation. Thorough testing  of these  capabilities has not
                               raised any safety or effectiveness issues.

GE Healthcare

510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

                         The following quality assurance measures were applied to the
                         development of the system:
                               * Risk Analysis
                      " Requirements Reviews
                             " Design Reviews
                             " Integration testing (System verification)
                      " Performance testing (Bench testing, verification)
                      " Safety testing (Verification)
                         The  substantial  equivalence determination  is based on  the
                           software  documentation  for a MODERATE   level  of concern
                              device.
               Conclusion:  GE Healthcare considers the Hepatic VCAR software application
                              to be as safe, as effective, and performance is substantially
                            equivalent to the predicate device.

*DEPARTMENT       OF HEALTH &rHUMAN SERVICES                                  Public Health Service

                                                                                                      Food and Dgminisraton

                                                                                                                             Silver Spring. MD 20993-0002

                                                   April 22, 2014
    GE Medical Systems SCS
     Huy Doan
      Director, Global Regulatory Affairs
     3000 N. Grandview
    WAUKESHA WI 53188

      Re: K133649
          Trade/Device Name: Hepatic VCAR
          Regulation Number: 21 CER 892.1750
          Regulation Name: Computed tomography x-ray system
          Regulatory Class: 11
          Product Code: JAK
          Dated: March 21, 2014
          Received: March 24, 2014

     Dear Mr. Doan:
    We have reviewed your Section 5 10(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device
      referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications
       for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate
     commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to
      devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug,
     and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA).
    You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The
      general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of
      devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
       adulteration.  Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability
      warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.
       If your device  is classified (see above) into either class 11 (Special Controls) or class III (PMA),
        it may be subject to additional controls.  Existing major regulations affecting your device can be
      found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898.  In addition, FDA may
      publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.
      Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean
       that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act
      or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must
     comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21
    CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical
      device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set
       forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic
      product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Page 2-Mr. Doan

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please
contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education  at its toll-free number (800) 638 2041
or (301) 796-7100 or at  its Internet address
littp://wwvw.fd(a.u-ov/Medical Devices/Resouircesl'orYoui/Industrv/default.]itim.  Also, please note
the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to prernarket notification" (2ICFR Part
807.97).  For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21
CFR Part 803)), please go to
litt):H/ww\\.f'da.Lzov/M~cdicalDevices/Saretv/1RelortaProbleiildefalllitm   for the CDRI-'s Office
of Surveillance and Biomectrics/Division of'Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education at  its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301)
796-7100 or at  its Internet address
http://%vww.fdal~.gov/Medlical Dcvices/RCSOLIICSfOr-YOui/Induistrv/defaiult.html.

                                             Sincerely yours,


                                                                                for
                                             Janine M. Morris
                                               Director
                                             Division of'Radiological Health
                                               Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                            and Radiological Health
                                           Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

51 0(k) Number (ifknown)
  K133649
Device Name
Hepatic VCAR


Indications for Use (Describe)
Hepatic VICAR is a CT image analysis software package that allows the analysis and visualization of Liver CT data
derived fromn DICOM  3.0 compliant CT scans. Hepatic VCAR is designed for the purpose of assessing liver morphology,
including liver lesion, provided the lesion has different CT appearance from surrounding liver tissue; and  its change over
time through automated tools for liver, liver lobe, liver segments and liver lesion segmentation and measurement.  It is
intended for use by clinicians to process, review, archive, print and distribute liver CT studies.
This software will assist the user by providing initial 3D segmentation, vessel analysis, visualization, and quantitative
analysis of liver anatomy. The user has the ability to adjust the contour and confirm the final segmentation.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                  I]Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)      0  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 501 Subpart C)
        PLEASE 00 NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE - CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                                  FOR FDA USE ONLY
Concurrence of Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) (Signature)


                       This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
         The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                 Office of Chief Information Officer
                                        Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                         PRAStaff~fda.hhs.gov
               "An agency May not Conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMBnubr

 FORM FDA 3881(J1/14)                             Page I of 1I~I~c~(O43'OE