DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES                            Public Health Service


                                                                                        Food and Drug Administration
                                                                                          10903 New Hampshire Avenue
                                                                                      Document Control Center - WO66-G609
                                                                                                                 Silver Spring, MD 20993-0002


Quantib B.V.                                        June 17, 2016
Floor van Leeuwen
Quality & Regulatory Manager
Westblaak 106
3012 KM Rotterdam
NETHERLANDS

Re: K153351
    Trade/Device Name: QuantibTM Brain 1
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture Archiving and Communications System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: May 19, 2016
    Received: May 23, 2016

Dear Floor van Leeuwen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device
referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications
for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate
commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to
devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug,
and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA).
You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The
general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of
devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability
warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA),
it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be
found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may
publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean
that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act
or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply
with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR
Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical devicerelated adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in

Page 2 - Floor Van Leeuwen


the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product
radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please
contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041
or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note
the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21
CFR Part 803), please go to
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office
of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301)
796-7100 or at its Internet address
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

                                              Sincerely yours,


                                                          For                                           RobertR b   tt OOOchs,hh  PhPhPh.D.DD
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                              Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                          and Radiological Health
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: January 31, 2017
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K-153351
Device Name
Quantib™ Brain 1
Indications for Use (Describe)
Quantib™ Brain is a non-invasive medical imaging processing application that is intended for automatic labeling,
visualization, and volumetric quantification of segmentable brain structures from a set of magnetic resonance (MR)
images. The Quantib™ Brain output consists of segmentations, visualizations and volumetric measurements of grey
matter (GM), white matter (WM), and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF). The output also visualizes and quantifies white matter
hyperintensity (WMH) candidates. Users need to review and if necessary, edit WMH candidates using the provided tools,
before validation of the WMHs. It is intended to provide the trained medical professional with complementary
information for the evaluation and assessment of MR brain images and to aid the trained medical professional in
quantitative reporting. Quantib™ Brain is a post-processing plugin for the GE Advantage Workstation (AW 4.7) or AW
Server (AWS 3.2) platforms.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xx Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (_] Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (8/14) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Summary

I. SUBMITTER
Quantib B.V.
Westblaak 106
3012 KM Rotterdam
Phone: (+31) 108 41 17 49
Contact Person: Floor van Leeuwen
Date Prepared: November 18th, 2015


II. DEVICE
Name of Device: Quantib™ Brain 1
Common or Usual Name: Quantib™ Brain
Classification Name: System, image processing, radiology (892.2050)
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: Picture archiving and communication system (LLZ)


III. PREDICATE DEVICE
Device: QBrain®
Manufacturer: Medis medical imaging systems
510(k) Reg. No: K050703
This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: Picture archiving and communication system (LLZ)


IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION
Quantib™ Brain is post-processing analysis software for the GE Advantage (AW 4.7) or AW Server (AWS
3.2) platforms using Volume Viewer Apps. 12.3 Ext 6. It is intended for automatic labeling, visualization,
and volumetric quantification of identifiable brain structures from magnetic resonance images (a 3D T1-
weighted MR image, with an additional T2-weighted FLAIR MR image for white matter hyperintensities
(WMH) segmentation). The segmentation system relies on a number of atlases each consisting of a 3D
T1-weighted MR image and a label map dividing the MR image into different tissue segments. Quantib™
Brain provides quantitative information on both the absolute and relative volume of the segmented
regions. The automatic WMH segmentation is to be reviewed and if necessary, edited by the user before
validation of the segmentation, after which volumetric information is accessible. It is intended to
provide the trained medical professional with complementary information for the evaluation and
assessment of MR brain images and to aid the radiology specialist in quantitative reporting.


                                                                                              5-1 rev2

V. INTENDED USE
Intended use Quantib™ Brain
Quantib™ Brain is a non-invasive medical imaging processing application that is intended for automatic
labeling, visualization, and volumetric quantification of segmentable brain structures from a set of
magnetic resonance (MR) images. The Quantib™ Brain output consists of segmentations, visualizations
and volumetric measurements of grey matter (GM), white matter (WM), and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF).
The output also visualizes and quantifies white matter hyperintensity (WMH) candidates. Users need to
review and if necessary, edit WMH candidates using the provided tools, before validation of the WMHs.
It is intended to provide the trained medical professional with complementary information for the
evaluation and assessment of MR brain images and to aid the trained medical professional in
quantitative reporting. Quantib™ Brain is a post-processing plugin for the GE Advantage Workstation
(AW 4.7) or AW Server (AWS 3.2) platforms.


Intended us predicate device QBrain®
Intended use
The QBrain® software has been developed for the objective and reproducible analysis of MR images of
the brain. It performs quantitative analyses on MR brain image based on automatic segmentation. More
specifically, it quantifies the volumes of intracranial cavities, areas that contain cerebrospinal fluid (CSF),
and white matter hyperintensities (lesions).


Indications for use
QBrain® is able to read DCIOM MR image from all major MRI vendors. Mask data, generated by
automatic segmentation and/or manual editing, and quantitative results ca be saved in separate files
enabling the comparison of results from different users and easy export to standard spreadsheet
software.
Neur-(radio)logists in hospitals and specialists in core labs use the QBrain stand-alone analytical
software package in image post-processing. The provided objective and quantitative values support the
diagnostic decision process or are used in the evaluation of follow-up studies about disease evolution
and/or therapy response.


Intended use comparison

Both device and predicate device are designed to assist trained medical professionals, i.e. radiologists, in
the evaluation and assessment of MR brain images with a set of tools for visualizing the location and
quantification of brain structures. Both are intended to automate the current manual process of
identifying, labeling, and quantifying the volume of segmentable brain structures identified on MR
images.


                                                                                              5-2 rev2

VI. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS
Both device and predicate device are software for the automatic labeling, visualization, and
quantification (segmentation) of the volume of specific areas of the brain. Atlas-based segmentation is
the technological principle for both devices.

Both devices require a 3D T1w MR image for tissue-type segmentation. To segment White Matter
Hyperintensities (WMH), Quantib™ Brain requires an additional T2w FLAIR scan. Histogram analysis and
trained classifiers are used in combination with atlas-based tissue segmentation to improve the accuracy
and specificity of WMH segmentation.

Quantib™ Brain reports the following measurements: absolute volume and relative volume (relative to
ICV) of grey matter (GM), white matter (WM), cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), and intracranial volume (ICV);
brain volume (=GM+WM); total volume of WM hyperintensities (WMH); relative WMH volume (relative
to WM); total number of WMH.

Following are the differences between Quantib™ Brain and the predicate device:

Quantib™ Brain                       K050703 QBrain®
Brain tissue and WMH segmentation         Brain tissue segmentation (intracranial
                                               tissue volume GM+WM, CSF volume, lobe
                                        volumes, cerebellum volume). WMH
                                        segmentation (total WMH volume).
Absolute and relative volumes              Absolute volumes
Software plugs into the AW and AW server   Stand-alone application
platforms
Table 5-1 Differences with predicate device


VII. PERFORMANCE DATA:
    1.  Quality and safety
Quantib™ Brain was designed in compliance with the following process standards:

    •   IS0 14971 – Medical devices - Application of risk management to medical devices
    •   IEC 62304 – Medical device software – Software life cycle processes


The following quality assurance measures were applied to Quantib™ Brain development:

    •   Risk and hazard analysis
    •   Design reviews
    •   Unit level testing
    •   Integration testing
    •  System testing
    •  Performance testing
    •   Usability engineering


    2. Algorithm performance


                                                                                              5-3 rev2

To validate the quality of Quantib™ Brain volume measurements and segmentations, we compared the
relative brain tissue volumes to relative volumes derived from manual segmentations for the same scan.
We performed this analysis for GM, WM, CSF, ICV, and WMHs.

For the brain volumetry protocol (segmentation and measures of GM, WM, CSF, and ICV) the test set
included 33 T1w MR images. The set was carefully selected to include data from multiple vendors and a
series of representable scan settings. For each scan we selected six (6) slices for comparison. The results
are summarized in Table 5-2.

                                   Dice index         Absolute difference of the
                                                                   relative volumes [pp]

      CSF                        0.78 ± 0.05                            1.6 ± 1.0
     GM                        0.83 ± 0.02                            2.8 ± 1.9
    WM                        0.86 ± 0.02                            2.6 ± 1.6
      ICV                        0.97 ± 0.01


Table 5-2 Results of comparison between manual and automatic brain tissue segmentation. Reported values
are averages ± std. dev., computed over 6 segmented slices of 33 scans. The Dice index provides a measure
for overlap of manual and automatic segmentations (1 = perfect overlap). The absolute differences of the
relative volumes (of the brain tissues) are averages ± std. dev. in percentage points.


The test set for the WMH protocol included 30 3D T1w images with corresponding T2w FLAIR images.
This set also represented various scan settings. WMHs were manually segmented on the T2w FLAIR
images and compared to Quantib™ Brain automatic segmentation output. The average Dice overlap
between the manual segmentations and Quantib™ Brain segmentations was 0.61 ± 0.13. The absolute
difference of the relative volumes (for WMHs) was 0.6 ± 0.7 percentage points.

VIII. CONCLUSIONS
By virtue of its intended use and physical and technological characteristics, Quantib™ Brain is
substantially equivalent to a device that has been approved for marketing in the United States. The
performance data shows that Quantib™ Brain is as safe and effective as the predicate device.


                                                                                              5-4 rev2