DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES                            Public Health Service


                                                                                        Food and Drug Administration
                                                                                          10903 New Hampshire Avenue
                                                                                      Document Control Center - WO66-G609
                                                                                                                 Silver Spring, MD 20993-0002


                                                                    August 5, 2016

Gauss Surgical Inc.
Ms. Artie Kaushik
Manager, RA/QA
334 State Street
Suite 201
Los Altos, California 94022

Re: K160338
    Trade/Device Name:  Triton System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 880.2750
    Regulation Name: Image Processing Device for Estimation of External Blood Loss
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: PBZ
    Dated: February 29, 2016
    Received: March 2, 2016

Dear Ms. Kaushik:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device
referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications
for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate
commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to
devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug,
and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA).
You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The
general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of
devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability
warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA),
it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be
found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may
publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean
that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act
or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply
with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR
Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical devicerelated adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in

Page 2 - Ms. Artie Kaushik


the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product
radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please
contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041
or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note
the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21
CFR Part 803), please go to
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office
of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301)
796-7100 or at its Internet address
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

                                              Sincerely yours,
                          Christopher J. Ronk -S

                                   For  Binita S. Ashar, M.D., M.B.A., F.A.C.S.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Surgical Devices
                                              Office of Device Evaluation
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: January 31, 2017
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.


510(k) Number (if known)
K160338

Device Name
Triton System


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Triton System is a software application intended to be used as an adjunct in the estimation of blood loss and
management of surgical sponges.

The Triton System is intended to be used with surgical sponges, software, hardware and accessory devices which have
been validated for use with the Triton System to estimate the hemoglobin (Hb) mass contained on used surgical sponges.
The Triton System is also intended to calculate an estimate of blood volume on used surgical sponges from the estimated
Hb mass and a user‐entered patient serum Hb value. The validated surgical sponges, hardware, software, accessory
devices and Hb mass ranges are listed in the Instructions for Use.

The Triton System is also indicated for use to aid in counting surgical sponges and may be used to record and display
case-specific blood components infused over time. The Triton System is additionally indicated for use to aid in managing
surgical sponges, including providing a visual record of sponge images, and to record the user-entered weight of used
surgical sponges in order to calculate an estimate of fluid volume on the sponges.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (8/14)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K160338   p 1/5


                        510(k) Summary for Triton System
Submitter      Gauss Surgical Inc.
Submitter’s    334 State Street, Suite 201
Address               Los Altos, CA 94022
Telephone      (650) 949 4153
Fax             (650) 887 0461
Contact       Ms. Artie Kaushik
Person
Date Prepared  May 04, 2016
Device Trade    Triton System
Name
Device         Image processing device for estimation of external blood loss
Common
Name
Device         Image processing device for estimation of external blood loss: An image
Classification   processing device for estimation of external blood loss is a device to be
Name and      used as an aid in estimation of patient external blood loss. The device may
Description     include software and/or hardware that is used to process images capturing
                  externally lost blood to estimate the hemoglobin mass and/or the blood
              volume present in the images.
Regulation     21 CFR 880.2750
Number
Device          Class II
Classification
Product Code  PBZ
Predicate        Pixel 3 System, K130190/DEN130015, 9 May 2014
Device                 Triton Canister System , K142801 (Reference Device)Information

K160338   p 2/5
Summary of    The purpose of this notification is to:
substantial               -Allow the Gauss Image Processing Device for the Estimation of Externalequivalence
               Blood Loss cleared under K130190/DEN130015 which estimated blood
                  loss on sponges to also report information from our Image Processing
               Device for the Estimation of External Blood Loss cleared under K142801
               which estimated blood loss in canisters (Triton Canister System). In this
               way, clinicians can look to only one screen to see a blood loss estimate
               which includes sponges and canisters
                -Update the option for recording user estimated blood loss values (in
                 cases where the app cannot make the estimate e.g. oversaturated sponges)
                  to provide a specific EBL range that takes into account the particular
               sponge type’s fluid holding capacity

                 -Include a View-Only Mode on the App to allow read-only monitoring of
           EBL events (including sponge, canister and other)

               -Allow usage of additional validated sponge types

               -Allow usage of validated non-square sponges

               -Allow usage of additional validated Bluetooth foot pedal

              The design, fundamental scientific technology, intended use and features
                 of the new version of Triton System are substantially equivalent with
                 regard to those features in the predicate device: the Pixel 3 System K
              130190/DEN130015, May 13, 2014.
Device        The Triton System is a software program (mobile medical application)
description     used on an Apple iPad® tablet to capture images of used surgical sponges
                  to assist surgical personnel in the management of surgical sponges after
                  surgical use and to aid in the estimation of blood loss.

K160338   p 3/5

Indications     The Triton System is a software application intended to be used as an
for Use          adjunct in the estimation of blood loss and management of surgical
                 sponges.
              The Triton System is intended to be used with surgical sponges, software,
                hardware and accessory devices which have been validated for use with
                  the Triton System to estimate the hemoglobin (Hb) mass contained on
                used surgical sponges. The Triton System is also intended to calculate an
                 estimate of blood volume on used surgical sponges from the estimated Hb
              mass and a user‐entered patient serum Hb value. The validated surgical
                 sponges, hardware, software, accessory devices and Hb mass ranges are
                    listed in the Instructions for Use.
              The Triton System is also indicated for use to aid in counting surgical
                sponges and may be used to record and display case-specific blood
               components infused over time. The Triton System is additionally
                  indicated for use to aid in managing surgical sponges, including providing
                a visual record of sponge images, and to record the user-entered weight of
                used surgical sponges in order to calculate an estimate of fluid volume on
                  the sponges.

K160338   p 4/5

Special           1.     Non-clinical performance data must demonstrate that the device
Controls (for    performs as intended under anticipated conditions of use. Demonstration
Image           of the performance characteristics must include a comparison to a
Processing        scientifically valid alternative method for measuring deposited
Device for      hemoglobin mass. The following use conditions must be tested: A.
Estimation of    Lighting conditions; B. Range of expected hemoglobin concentrations; C.
External Blood  Range of expected blood volume absorption; and D. Presence of other
Loss)           non-sanguineous fluids (e.g., saline irrigation fluid)
               There is no change to the performance data of the product with the device
                 modifications subject to this submission. Therefore previous non clinical
                   testing validate that device performs as intended under anticipated
                 conditions of use.
                   2.    Human factors testing and analysis must validate that the device
                 design and labeling are sufficient for appropriate use by intended users of
                  the device.
            Human factors testing and analysis validate the device design and
                  labeling are appropriate for use by intended users of device.
                   3.     Appropriate analysis and non-clinical testing must validate the
                 electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) and wireless performance of the
                  device.
            No modifications made to the device that would change EMC
                  compatibility or wireless performance of device.
                   4.     Appropriate software verification, validation and hazard analysis
               must be performed.
                Software verification and hazard analysis was performed.
                   5.     Software display must include an estimate of the cumulative error
                  associated with estimated blood loss values.
             An estimate of the cumulative error associated with blood loss values is
                 displayed to the user with each estimated hemoglobin mass and blood loss
                  value. The Bland-Altman methods inform the look-up tables and resultant
                 values displayed on the user interface each time the Triton System is used
                  for the estimation of hemoglobin mass and blood volume loss.
                   6.     Labeling must include:
               A. Warnings, cautions, and limitations needed for safe use of the device;
                B. A detailed summary of the performance testing pertinent to use of the
                  device, including a description of the bias and variance the device
                 exhibited during testing;
                C. The validated surgical materials, range of hemoglobin mass, software,
                hardware, and accessories that the device is intended to be used with; and
               D. EMC and wireless technology instructions, information, and
                 precautions
                Labeling includes all details as required by the special controls.

K160338   p 5/5

Summary of     Triton System was evaluated in accordance with Gauss Surgical’s design
Performance    controls process and risk management procedure. No new unacceptable
Data and         risks were identified based on the changes incorporated into the software
Rationale for    revision. Verification testing has been completed. No new safety or
Substantial      effectiveness issues were raised during the testing program. Triton System
Equivalence    passed all verification. The results of the verification testing demonstrate
                   that Triton meets established acceptance criteria and performs in a manner
                 equivalent to its predicate device.
Conclusion      Triton System has the same indications for use as the predicate (Pixel 3
                System). Both the subject and predicate devices are used as adjunctive
                  tools to estimate blood loss on surgical materials. The new version shares
                  the same technological characteristics as the predicate. Any differences
               between the subject and predicate devices do not raise different safety or
                  effectiveness questions. Therefore, the devices are substantially
                  equivalent.