DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES                  Public Health Service


                                                                                        Food and Drug Administration
                                                                                          10903 New Hampshire Avenue
                                                                                      Document Control Center - WO66-G609
                                                                                                                 Silver Spring, MD 20993-0002
                                    June 26, 2017


CardioLogs Technologies
℅ Michael Daniel
President
Daniel & Daniel Consulting, LLC
34 Jones Lane
Gardnerville, Nevada 89460

Re: K170568
    Trade/Device Name: CardioLogs ECG Analysis Platform
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1425
    Regulation Name: Programmable Diagnostic Computer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: DQK, DPS
    Dated: March 10, 2017
    Received: March 13, 2017

Dear Michael Daniel:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device
referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications
for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate
commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to
devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug,
and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA).
You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The
general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of
devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability
warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA),
it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be
found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may
publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean
that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act
or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply
with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR

Page 2 - Michael Daniel                                                K170568


Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical devicerelated adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in
the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product
radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please
contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041
or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note
the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21
CFR Part 803), please go to
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office
of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or (301)
796-7100 or at its Internet address
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

                                                 Sincerely,


                                               for
                                   Bram D. Zuckerman, M.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Device Evaluation
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Cardiologs 510(k)

6. Indications for Use Statement

 DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
 Food and Drug Administration
                                                                              Expiration Date: January 31, 2017
 Indications for Use                                           See PRA Statement below.


 510(K) Number: K170568

 Device Name

 CardioLogs ECG Analysis Platform
�Indications for Use (Describe)

The CardioLogs ECG Analysis Platform is intended for use by qualified healthcare professionals for the
assessment of arrhythmias using ECG data in subjects over 18 years of age. The product supports downloading
and analyzing data recorded in compatible formats from any device used for the arrhythmia diagnostics such as
Holter, event recorder, 12 lead ambulatory ECG devices, or other similar devices when assessment of the
rhythm is necessary. The Cardiologs ECG Analysis Platform can also be electronically interfaced, and perform
analysis with data transferred from other computer based ECG systems, such as an ECG management system.
The Cardiologs ECG Analysis Platform provides ECG signal processing and analysis, QRS and Ventricular
Ectopic Beat detection, QRS feature extraction, interval measurement, heart rate measurement, and rhythm
analysis. The Cardiologs ECG Analysis Platform is not for use in life supporting or sustaining systems or ECG
monitor and Alarm devices.

The product can be integrated into computerized ECG monitoring devices. In this case, the medical device
manufacturer will identify the indication for use depending on the application of their device.

Cardiologs ECG Analysis Platform interpretation results are not intended to be the sole means of diagnosis. It is
offered to physicians and clinicians on an advisory basis only in conjunction with the physician’s knowledge of
ECG patterns, patient background, clinical history, symptoms, and other diagnostic information.


 Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)            Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)


 PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE – CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF
 NEEDED.


 FOR FDA USE ONLY
 Concurrence of Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) (Signature)


FORM FDA 3881 (1/14)                         Page 1 of 1                                 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF


Daniel &Daniel Consulting, LLC / CL REV 022417                                              Page 30 of 170

K170568 Page 1 of 7
Cardiologs 510(k)

7. Premarket Notification 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with
the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

510(k) Number: K170568

Applicant Information:
Date Prepared:      February 24, 2017
Name:       Cardiologs Technologies
Address:    Campus des Cordeliers, 15 rue de l’École de Médecine, 75006 Paris, France


Contact Person:     Michael A Daniel, Consultant
                    madaniel@clinregconsult.com
Mobile Number:     (415) 407-0223
Office Number:      (775) 392-2970
Facsimile Number:   (610) 545-0799

Device Information:
Device Trade Name:        CardioLogs ECG Analysis Platform
Common Name:           CardioLogs ECG Analysis Platform
Classification Name(s):      Electrocardiograph / Programmable Diagnostic Computer
Product Code/ Regulation:  DQK, DPS 21 CFR 870.1425 / 21 CFR 870.2340
Classification:              Class II

Predicate Device:
Monebo Automated ECG Analysis and Interpretation Software Library (K062282)

In compliance with FDA Guidance “The 510(k) Program: Evaluating Substantial
Equivalence in Premarket Notifications [510(k)]” we are including the following as reference
devices:

Reference Devices:
TM eCloud ECG Analysis System (K142349)

7.1. Subject Device Description
CardioLogs ECG Analysis Platform is made up of:
     An interface which provides tools to measure, analyze and review numerous ECGs;
     An automated proprietary ECG interpretation support algorithm which measures and
       analyzes ECGs to provide physicians supportive information for ECG analysis.

CardioLogs ECG Analysis Platform can be accessed through a network connection/wireless
device when the electrocardiograph allows for digital ECG upload, or locally (stand-alone
algorithm).


Daniel &Daniel Consulting, LLC / CL REV 022417                                              Page 31 of 170

Cardiologs 510(k)                                               K170568 Page 2 of 7

CardioLogs ECG Analysis Platform is only intended to analyze recordings performed on
adults (over the age of seventeen).
CardioLogs ECG Analysis Platform works in the following sequence:
    1.  Upload of digital ECG file to CardioLogs’ secured hosting databases (for health data
          i.e. HIPAA compliant);
            Manual upload: via the web-interface which allows the selection of files to
             upload on the evaluating user’s computer
            Direct upload: with no manual intervention, in the specific cases where the
               user’s hardware is already connected to the CardioLogs’ Application
            Programming Interface (or API): the ECG is automatically sent to
             CardioLogs’ servers.
    2.  Processing of the uploaded ECG file;
    3.  Analysis of the uploaded ECG performed by CardioLogs’ proprietary algorithm,
      which labels the ECG;
            Delineation (detection of at least P waves, QRS complexes and T waves on
               the ECG signal). The output format is a sequence of elements “wave
                type/start time/ end time”;
            Abnormality labels: the algorithm provides probability scores on a predefined
                set of abnormality labels (multi-label classification);
    4.  CardioLogs ECG Analysis Platform displays the resulting analysis, along with the
        original ECG signal and a variety of tools (ruler, zoom, etc.). Results are made
       available either on the CardioLogs interface if the user’s hardware allows for digital
     ECG upload, or on an API in cases where the service is available as part of a package
       with an ECG machine;
    5.  CardioLogs ECG Analysis Platform then allows for editing and/or confirmation of
       the measurements and parameters by the analyzing physician.
The resulting information is stored on a secured database.

7.2. Subject Device Indications for Use
The CardioLogs ECG Analysis Platform is intended for use by qualified healthcare
professionals for the assessment of arrhythmias using ECG data in subjects over 18 years of
age. The product supports downloading and analyzing data recorded in compatible formats
from any device used for the arrhythmia diagnostics such as Holter, event recorder, 12 lead
ambulatory ECG devices, or other similar devices when assessment of the rhythm is
necessary. The Cardiologs ECG Analysis Platform can also be electronically interfaced, and
perform analysis with data transferred from other computer based ECG systems, such as an
ECG management system. The Cardiologs ECG Analysis Platform provides ECG signal
processing and analysis, QRS and Ventricular Ectopic Beat detection, QRS feature
extraction, interval measurement, heart rate measurement, and rhythm analysis. The
Cardiologs ECG Analysis Platform is not for use in life supporting or sustaining systems or
ECG monitor and Alarm devices.


Daniel &Daniel Consulting, LLC / CL REV 022417                                              Page 32 of 170

Cardiologs 510(k)                                                 K170568 Page 3 of 7

The product can be integrated into computerized ECG monitoring devices. In this case, the
medical device manufacturer will identify the indication for use depending on the application
of their device.
Cardiologs ECG Analysis Platform interpretation results are not intended to be the sole
means of diagnosis. It is offered to physicians and clinicians on an advisory basis only in
conjunction with the physician’s knowledge of ECG patterns, patient background, clinical
history, symptoms, and other diagnostic information.

7.3. Predicate and Reference Device and Subject Device Comparison
Table 7.3.1 compares the features of the CardioLogs ECG Analysis Platform to the predicate
device.

          Feature            Cardiologs ECG   Monebo Automated ECG Analysis
                             Analysis Platform     and Interpretation Software
                                                          Library
 Heart rate determination for         Yes                     Yes
 non-paced adult
 QRS Detection                   Yes                     Yes
 Non-paced arrhythmia             Yes                     Yes
 interpretation for adult
 patients
 Non-paced ventricular             Yes                     Yes
 arrhythmia calls
 Intervals measurements            Yes                     Yes
 Ventricular ectopic beat            Yes                     Yes
 detection
 Patient Population                  Adult                       Adult

Table 7.3-1. Comparison between predicate and subject device features.

Comparison of Subject Device to Predicate Device:

                 Subject Device           Predicate Device               Comparison to
                                                                             predicate device
 Device Name    CardioLogs ECG        Monebo Automated ECG        N/A
                  Analysis Platform         Analysis and Interpretation
                                           Software Library
 Manufacturer   Cardiologs Technologies  Monebo Technologies, Inc.       N/A
 510(k) #      TBD                  K062282                   N/A
 Regulation      21 CFR 870.2340        21 CFR 870.2340              Same
 Number
 Class               II                                II                          Same
 Device           Electrocardiograph         Electrocardiograph             Same
 Class/Name
 Product Code   DQK, DPS           DPS                     DPS is the same
 Level of        Moderate                Moderate                    Same
 Concern
 Indication for   Refer to Section 7.2       Refer to predicate device labeling.  Both devices are
 Use                                                                          intended for the same
                                                                                      use.


Daniel &Daniel Consulting, LLC / CL REV 022417                                              Page 33 of 170

Cardiologs 510(k)
                                                             K170568 Page 4 of 7
                 Subject Device           Predicate Device               Comparison to
                                                                             predicate device
 Fundamental   The CardioLogs ECG     The predicate device is a         The CardioLogs ECG
 scientific        Analysis Platform          collection of callable functions      Analysis Interface and
 technology       consists of:                  that have been complied into        the predicate device both
                                        machine code or IDL code of the    consists of
                        - An interface which
                                         computer on which they execute.    -  a user’s interface for
                    provides tools to
                                     The predicate device consists of a     viewing, analyzing and
                    measure, analyze and
                                               basic application for viewing,        annotating ECG data
                   review numerous
                                             analyzing and annotating ECG      - an algorithm
               ECGs coded in java
                                                  data, and a callable object library    - an API to access to the
                   language under the
                                                     built on the Microsoft .Net           algorithm
                   Angular and D3.js
                                          framework. An application
                   frameworks;
                                             software can be written to invoke  An object library is a
                        - An automated
                                     some or all the functions in an      type of algorithm
                      proprietary ECG
                                               object library.                        architecture, they are
                       interpretation support
                                      The library can be accessed       coded in the 2000’s.
                    algorithm which
                                            through an Application program
                   measures and analyzes                               The languages and                                                 Interface (API) as a callable
               ECGs to provide                                       frameworks used to                                                 function. This allows the library
                     supportive information                                    develop the software are                                                  to be used as an accessory to an
                       for ECG diagnosis,                                                different. The                             ECG management application or
                      written in Python                                       CardioLogs ECG                                              as a stand-alone product.
                    language.                                                 Analysis Platform is
                  This application can be                                   coded with the modern
                  accessed through an                                                 tools.
                     Internet connection and a
                                                                  The subject device is              web browser, or is
                                                                                    accessible through the                     directly connected to the
                                                                                           Internet, while the                 CardioLogs’ Application
                                                                                    predicate device is                Programming Interface
                                                                                           installed on the user’s                  (API)
                                                                             hardware.

                                                                        CardioLogs ECG
                                                                              Analysis Platform
                                                                                     therefore does not
                                                                                   present any major
                                                                                  technological
                                                                                innovations compared to
                                                                                    predicate device.

                                                                      However, to further
                                                                             demonstrate the noninnovative technology
                                                                           used by the predicate
                                                                                    devices, its technology is
                                                                     compared to a reference
                                                                                   device.


Table 7.3-2. Comparison between subject and predicate device.


Difference in Fundamental Scientific Technology:
The Predicate device was designed for technology that was available in the early 2000’s, i.e.
software program running on a hardware-based platform. With the advancement of cloud


Daniel &Daniel Consulting, LLC / CL REV 022417                                              Page 34 of 170

Cardiologs 510(k)                                                    K170568 Page 5 of 7

computing, the Subject device incorporates a logical update to that technology as a software
program running on a cloud-based software platform. Indeed, the Subject devise is cloudbased and available online, implying different cybersecurity, safety and effectiveness
question. Therefore, the Subject device is also compared to a Reference device (the previous
Predicate device): the TM eCloud ECG Analysis System. The TM eCloud ECG Analysis
System is intended to provide an interpretation of up to 12-channel ECG in all situations
including resting and ambulatory ECG including Holter, cardiac event, and mobile cardiac
telemetry. It is designed for acquisition, analysis, edit, review, report and storage of all ECG
and multi-parameter data.
Although the Predicate device slightly differs from the Subject device related to the operating
technology platform, there are several examples, one being the Reference device, that use
cloud based computing for ECG data analysis. This fact, in combination with identification
of hazards and appropriate risk controls related to this difference, we conclude that this
difference in technology platform has no impact on the safety or efficacy of the Subject
device.

Comparison to Reference Device:

                  Subject Device            Reference Device            Comparison to
                                                                       Reference device
 Device Name    CardioLogs ECG Analysis  TM eCloud ECG Analysis     N/A
                  Platform                  System
 Manufacturer   Cardiologs Technologies    Telemed Solutions, Inc.       N/A
 510(k) #      TBD                   K142349                 N/A
 Regulation      21 CFR 870.1425          21 CFR 870.1425            Same
 Number
 Class                II                                  II                       Same
 Device          Programmable Diagnostic   Programmable Diagnostic      Same
 Class/Name     Computer                Computer
 Product Code  DQK                 DQK, KRE, MLO, DPS,     DQK is the same
                                 DXH, OUG


Daniel &Daniel Consulting, LLC / CL REV 022417                                              Page 35 of 170

Cardiologs 510(k)
                                                               K170568 Page 6 of 7

                  Subject Device            Reference Device            Comparison to
                                                                       Reference device
 Fundamental   The Cardiologs ECG       The TM eCloud ECG Analysis  Both the devices consists
 scientific        Analysis Platform consists   System consists of a (1)          of a server-side,
 technology       of a (1) server-side,           server-side, application          application Platform as a
                    application Platform as a     Platform as a Service (PaaS)     Service (PaaS) cloud
                   Service                     cloud based system, a (2)       based system, and a
                  (PaaS) cloud based system,   desktop client-side                client-side application
                 and (2) a client-side           application, and (3) a web-       website, that works the
                    application website.         based Physician Portal         same way. The only
                The (1) server-side,          website.                         difference is that the
                    application PaaS           The (1) server-side,              reference device user
                component collects, stores,   application PaaS component     interface is installed on
                  performs arrhythmia           collects, stores, performs         the user’s hardware while
                    analysis on ECG uploads,    arrhythmia analysis on ECG     the subject device user
                 and transfers data to and      uploads, and transfers data to     interface is also online.
                 from the client-side         and from the client-side
                                                                       CardioLogs ECG                     application.                   application.
                                                                             Analysis Platform                The (2) client-side         The (2) desktop client-side
                                                                                    therefore does not present                    application allows the users   application is a workstation
                                                                      any major technological                     to review ECG, edit the      system which allows
                                                                               innovations compared to                    analysis results produced     technicians to review ECG,
                                                                                   the reference device                by the (1) server-side,         edit the analysis results
                    application PaaS            produced by the (1) servercomponent.                    side, application PaaS
                The users may upload ECG  component, and generate
                     to the ECG Analysis          reports for the ECG study. The
                  Platform via the API         edited results and reports are
              (REST web service) from    uploaded to the (1) serverany computer equipment,     side, application PaaS
                      or, in the specific cases      component. It also allows
                 where the user’s hardware    notifications and updates to (3)
                        is already connected to the   Physician Portal website.
                  CardioLogs’ Application    The users may upload ECG to
                Programming Interface (or    the TM eCloud ECG Analysis
                  API), the ECG is           System via a cellular network,
                   automatically sent to      REST web service, or FTP
                  CardioLogs’ servers.        from any computer or cellular
                                             equipment.
Table 7.3-3. Comparison between subject and reference device


7.4. Testing Completed
Tests have been performed in compliance with the following recognized consensus
standards:
     AAMI ANSI IEC 62304 2006 - Medical device software - Software life-cycle
       processes
     IEC EN 60601-2-25 Edition 2.0 2011-10 - Medical electrical equipment - Part 2-25:
        Particular requirements for the safety of electrocardiographs-
     IEC 62366-1 Edition 1.0 2015-02 - Medical devices - Application of usability
       engineering to medical devices.
     AAMI ANSI EC57:2012 - Testing and Reporting Performance Results of Cardiac
      Rhythm And ST-Segment Measurement Algorithms


Daniel &Daniel Consulting, LLC / CL REV 022417                                              Page 36 of 170

Cardiologs 510(k)
                                                                K170568 Page 7 of 7
     AAMI ANSI IEC60601-2-47:2012 - Medical Electrical Equipment -- Part 2-47:
        Particular Requirements For The Basic Safety And Essential Performance Of
      Ambulatory Electrocardiographic Systems

Testing described in this 510(k) consisted of verification of all design input requirements and
product specifications. All clinical input requirements were validated against a gold standard.
No residual anomaly appeared during verification and software validation tests.
General usability tests, analyzing the users’ ability to import, display, store, analysis,
distribute, and manage ECG data, were performed and met all requirements. All software
validation testing was completed successfully and met all requirements.
7.5. Summary
Based upon the Intended Use, Indications for Use, product technical information,
performance evaluation, and standards compliance provided in this premarket notification,
the CardioLogs ECG Analysis Platform has been shown to be substantially equivalent to the
cited predicate and very similar to the cited reference devices.


Daniel &Daniel Consulting, LLC / CL REV 022417                                              Page 37 of 170