Combinostics Oy
  Lennart Thurfjell
CEO
Hatanpään valtatie 24
Tampere FI 33100
FINLAND

Re: K171328
    Trade/Device Name: cNeuro cMRI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class:  II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: December 6, 2017
    Received: December 8, 2017

Dear Lennart Thurfjell:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual
registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding
and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties.
We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good
manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820);

Page 2 - Lennart Thurfjell                                                    K171328


and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR
1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's
Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and
Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website
(http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone
(1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                           RobertRobert Ochs,Ochs, Ph.D.Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                              Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                          and Radiological Health
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: January 31, 2017
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K171328
Device Name
cNeuro cMRI
Indications for Use (Describe)
cNeuro cMRI is intended for automatic labeling, quantification and visualization of segmentable brain structures from a
set of MR images. The software is intended to automate the current manual process of identifying, labeling and
quantifying the segmentable brain structures identified on MR images.
The intended user profile covers medical professionals who work with medical imaging. The intended operational
environment is an office-like environment with a computer.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
a] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) CD Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995_
“DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.~
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (8/14) Page 1 of 1 ‘PSC Publishing Services (301)433-6740 EF

Combinostics Oy
       Hatanpään valtatie 24
       33 100 Tampere
         Finland


Section 5. 510(k) Summary

5.1 Submitter

 Name:                    Combinostics OY

 Address:                 Hatanpään valtatie 24, FI 33 100 Tampere,
                             Finland

 Contact Person:            Lennart Thurfjell

 Telephone number:        +46 730 699057

 Fax Number:                N.A.

 E-mail:                     lennart.thurfjell@combinostics.com

 Consultant:                   Allison Komiyama, PhD, RAC

 Date prepared:             January 2, 2018


5.2 Device

 Trade Name:             cNeuro cMRI

 Common Name            Medical Image Processing Software

 Classification Name         System, Image processing, Radiological

 Regulation Number        892.2050

 Product Code               LLZ

 Classification Panel         Radiology


                                                                          Page 1 of 6

5.3 Predicate Device

 Primary predicate device

 Device                  NeuroQuant

 510(k) #                 K061855

 Manufacturer             CorTechs Labs, Inc. 4690 Executive Drive, Suite
                        250 San Diego, CA 92121 USA

 Secondary predicate device

 Device                      icobrain

 510(k) #                 K161148

 Manufacturer               Icometrix, Kolonel Begaultlaan 1b / 12
                        3012 Leuven, Belgium


5.4 Device Description

cNeuro cMRI is intended for automatic labeling, quantification and visualization of segmentable brain
structures from a set of MR images. The software is intended to automate the current manual
process of identifying, labeling and quantifying the segmentable brain structures identified on MR
images.

The flowchart below outlines the workflow and main steps in the usage of cNeuro cMRI.


As input, cNeuro cMRI uses T1-weighted (T1) and fluid-attenuated inversion recovery (FLAIR) DICOM
MR images from a single time point. The T1 image is mandatory but the FLAIR image is optional. The
user selects images through connection with a Picture Archiving and Communication System (PACS)
or by selecting DICOM files from a folder. cNeuro cMRI displays the selected images together with
information extracted from the DICOM headers.

Image processing starts with a pre-processing stage with bias-field correction and brain extraction
before the actual segmentation and calculation of MRI biomarkers begins. When the processing has
completed, the user can review the images with brain segmentations displayed as an overlay. cNeuro
cMRI presents computed biomarkers corresponding to volumes of structures and FLAIR white matter

and are compared to corresponding biomarkers from a healthy reference population using a
statistical model.


                                                                          Page 2 of 6

5.5 Indications for Use

cNeuro cMRI is intended for automatic labeling, quantification and visualization of segmentable brain
structures from a set of MR images. The software is intended to automate the current manual
process of identifying, labeling and quantifying the segmentable brain structures identified on MR
images.

The intended user profile covers medical professionals who work with medical imaging. The intended
operational environment is an office-like environment with a computer.

5.6 Comparison and substantial equivalence statement
cNeuro cMRI is substantially equivalent to the NeuroQuant device by Cortechs Labs, cleared in
K061855 with regards to processing of T1 images and it is substantially equivalent to the icobrain
device by icometrix, cleared in K161148 with regards to processing of FLAIR images. K061855 is the
primary predicate and K161148 is the secondary predicate.

A comparison of the subject device and predicate devices (K061855 and K161148) is provided below.

             SUBJECT DEVICE    Primary Predicate    Secondary Predicate     Conclusion/
                                  Device              Device                Comparison

 Device          cNeuro cMRI          NeuroQuant               icobrain                                ---

 510(k) Number   K171328              K061855                K161148

 Manufacturer     Combinostics OY        CorTechs Labs, Inc         icometrix                              ---

 Device             Picture archiving and     Picture archiving and       Picture archiving and            Identical
 Classification     communication system   communication system    communication system
 Name

 Deployment      Cloud based            Cloud based or installed    Cloud based                 cNeuro cMRI and icobrain are
                                                                                                                      identical. NeuroQuant is
                                                                                                              available either cloud based
                                                                                                     or installed.


                                                                          Page 3 of 6

SUBJECT DEVICE    Primary Predicate    Secondary Predicate     Conclusion/
                                  Device              Device                Comparison

 Device          cNeuro cMRI          NeuroQuant               icobrain                                ---

 510(k) Number   K171328              K061855                K161148

 Manufacturer     Combinostics OY        CorTechs Labs, Inc         icometrix                              ---

 Indications for    cNeuro cMRI is        NeuroQuantTM is          icobrain is intended for          Functionally identical.
 Use              intended for automatic   intended for automatic     automatic labeling,
                      labeling, quantification    labeling, visualization and   visualization and volumetric    cNeuro cMRI lists
                and visualization of      volumetric quantification   quantification of segmentable
                  segmentable brain       of segmentable brain       brain structures from a set of
                    structures from a set of   structures from a set of   MR images. This software is
            MR images. The      MR images. This software  intended to automate the     cMRI makes a volumetric
                   software is intended to    is intended to automate    current manual process of       quantification, these
                 automate the current    the current manual          identifying, labeling and        expressions can be considered
                 manual process of       process of identifying,      quantifying the volume of        identical.
                      identifying, labeling and  labeling and quantifying    segmentable brain structures
                                                                                                 Furthermore, icobrain has the
                    quantifying             the volume of               identified on MR images.
                                                                                      added description of two
                  segmentable brain      segmentable brain
                    structures identified on   structures identified on     icobrain consists of two          distinct processing pipelines:
            MR images.        MR images.                  distinct image processing        icobrain cross and icobrain
                                                                              pipelines: icobrain cross and     long. Results of icobrain cross
                 The users are trained                                 icobrain long. icobrain cross    cannot be compared with the
                   healthcare                                                          is intended to provide           results of icobrain long.
                    professionals who work                          volumes from images         cNeuro cMRI and NeuroQuant
                   with medical imaging.                              acquired at a single timepoint   provides only one processing
                                                                           icobrain long is intended to      pipeline.
                 The product is used in                              provide changes in volumes
                 an office-like                                 between two images that        Finally, cNeuro cMRI lists
                  environment.                                were acquired on the same     intended users and intended
                                                                                             use environment whereas
                                                                       scanner, with the same image
                                                                                       NeuroQuant and icobrain
                                                                            acquisition protocol and with
                                                                                           does not.
                                                        same contrast at two different
                                                                      timepoints The results of
                                                                           icobrain cross cannot be
                                                           compared with the results of
                                                                           icobrain long.


Subject device and predicate devices are software for automatically identifying and quantifying
volumes of brain structures, labeling and visualization. Both subject and predicate devices take 3D
MR images of the brain as input and generate an electronic report with similar quantitative
information. The output values are for all devices compared to a normative data based on MRI data
from healthy control subjects.

Subject device and the primary predicate device segments cortical and subcortical structures from
MRI T1 images based on a similar principle, where the quantification relies on pre-processing with
skull stripping (brain extraction) followed by multi-atlas segmentation. The main difference is that
different atlases are used. The subject device uses atlases with 133 brain structures, while the
primary predicate uses atlases with 34 brain structures. Similarly, the subject device and the
secondary predicate device segments white matter hyperintensities from FLAIR MR images based on
a similar principle. Furthermore, for volumes derived from T1 images, the subject device and the
predicate devices provide statistical comparison of normalized values with a normative dataset from
a healthy reference population. In addition, subject device compares normalized volumes of FLAIR
white matter hyperintensities to a normative dataset from a reference population. The secondary
predicate device does not provide such a comparison.


                                                                          Page 4 of 6

The primary predicate device uses an index computed based on the deviation of the image volumes
from normal atlas space as a quality control measure. The subject device does not employ such an
index, but provides functionality where the user interactively can review the quality of the
segmentations by checking color coded overlays on the original MR slices.

Subject device provides a gray matter concentration map,  i.e., an overlay on MR T1 images
highlighting regions where the local gray matter concentration of the patient is smaller than the gray
matter concentration in the reference population normalized for age, sex and head size. This overlay,
which can be toggled on and off, provides a means for the user to locate regions that are atypical
compared to the reference population. The predicate devices do not provide such a gray matter
concentration map.                gray matter concentration map provides a visual complement to
the quantitative volume measurements and it does not affect safety and effectiveness of the device.

5.7 Performance testing

Support for the substantial equivalence of cNeuro cMRI to the predicate devices was provided as a
result of risk management and testing. The design verification activities consist of code review and
static code analysis, unit tests, integration tests, system tests (including safety related tests from risk
analysis) and regression testing after modifications

To demonstrate the performance of cNeuro cMRI, the computed volumes of brains structures were
validated for accuracy and reproducibility. Test data included data from healthy subjects, and

fronto-temporal lobe degeneration, vascular dementia as well as Multiple Sclerosis patients. In the
accuracy experiments, cNeuro cMRI fully automated brain segmentation was compared to manually
labeled ground truth data. In the reproducibility experiments, the volumes were compared using
test-retest data. The experiments included data from 1399 subjects in total.

A literature review was performed to set relevant acceptance criteria for each type of experiment. All
experiments passed the acceptance criteria. Averaged over all experiments, the similarity index (or
Dice index) were 0.88 for the hippocampus, 0.91 for the thalamus and 0.88 for the whole cortex.
Furthermore, intraclass correlation coefficient for the test-retest reproducibility measurements
averaged over all 133 structures was 0.96 and the correlation coefficient between the computed
FLAIR white matter hyperintensities and the manually labelled data was 0.97.

The verification and performance testing demonstrate that cNeuro cMRI is safe and effective to use.

5.8 Conclusion

Combinostics OY believes that cNeuro cMRI has the identical indication for use and that there are no
new types of questions regarding safety and effectiveness for cNeuro cMRI as compared to the
cleared predicate devices. Combinostics OY has conducted the risk analysis and performed the
necessary verification and validation activities to demonstrate that the design outputs meet the
design inputs and the applicable process standards. Combinostics OY has concluded that the
performance data for the cNeuro cMRI shows that  it is substantially equivalent to the primary
predicate device, NeuroQuant (K061855), for processing of MRI T1 images and to the secondary
predicate device, icobrain (K161148), for processing of MRI FLAIR images.


                                                                          Page 5 of 6

DocuSign Envelope ID: EB27D284-E192-4FA4-9894-ED3F6C49CA6F
This document is reviewed and approved by Lennart Thurfjell, CEO of Combinostics.
— by:
O Signer Name: Lennart Thurfel

Signing Reason: | approve this document

Signing Time: 2018-01-02 | 21:10 CET

D90D9E2D88AF4E038888D92E1C8BDDFA

Page 6 of 6