DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES                 Public Health Service


                                                                                        Food and Drug Administration
                                                                                          10903 New Hampshire Avenue
                                                                                       Document Control Center - WO66-G609
                                                                                                                 Silver Spring, MD 20993-0002
                                 September 27, 2017


Peerbridge Health Inc.
℅ Mark Job
Responsible Third Party Official
Regulatory Technology Services, LLC
1394 25th Street, NW
Buffalo, Minnesota 55313

Re: K171936
    Trade/Device Name:  Peerbridge Cor™ System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2800
    Regulation Name: Medical Magnetic Tape Recorder
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: DSH
    Dated: September 19, 2017
    Received: September 20, 2017

Dear Mark Job:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device
referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications
for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate
commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to
devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug,
and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA).
You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. The
general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of
devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability
warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA),
it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be
found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may
publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean
that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act
or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply
with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR

Page 2 - Mark Job                                                     K171936


Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical devicerelated adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in
the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820); and if applicable, the electronic product
radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

If you desire specific advice for your device on our labeling regulation (21 CFR Part 801), please
contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) at its toll-free number (800)
638-2041 or (301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm. Also, please note
the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21
CFR Part 803), please go to
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's Office
of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

You may obtain other general information on your responsibilities under the Act from the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) at its toll-free number (800) 638-2041 or
(301) 796-7100 or at its Internet address
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/ResourcesforYou/Industry/default.htm.

                                                Sincerely,y


                                               forf
                                   Bram D. Zuckerman, M.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Device Evaluation
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: January 31, 2017
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K171936
Device Name
Peerbridge Cor™ System
Indications for Use (Describe)
The Peerbridge Cor™ System family of products is intended to capture and transmit symptomatic events and continuous
external electrocardiogram (ECG) information for 24 hours and up to 7 days (long term monitoring). The Peerbridge
Cor™ System contains a continuous external electrocardiogram (ECG) recorder with a patient-activated events button. It
is indicated for use on adult patients 18 years or older who may be asymptomatic or who may suffer from transient
symptoms such as palpitations, shortness of breath, dizziness, light-headedness, pre-syncope, fatigue, or anxiety. The
reported ECG metrics supports 2-channel ECG analysis on a beat-by-beat basis, heart rate measurement and rhythm
analysis by FDA cleared algorithms. The report generated does not contain diagnostic interpretation; the report is
provided for review by intended users to render a diagnosis based on their clinical judgment and experience.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
[X| Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) |_| Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (8/14) Page 1 of 1 ‘PSC Publishing Services G01) 443-5740 EF

510(k) SUMMARY

                 510(k) Notification K_______________________171936

GENERAL INFORMATION [807.92(a)(1)]
Applicant:
Peerbridge Health Inc.
1440 Broadway, 23rd Floor
New York, NY 10018
USA
Phone: 925-260-2096
Contact Person:
Anna Libman
Regulatory Consultant to Peerbridge Health, Inc.
Director, Regulatory Affairs
Experien Group, LLC
224 Airport Parkway, Suite 250
San Jose, CA 95110
USA
Date Prepared: May 15, 2017

DEVICE INFORMATION [807.92(a)(2)]
Trade Name:
Peerbridge Cor™ System
Generic/Common Name:
Medical magnetic tape recorder
Classification:
Class II, 21 CFR§870.2800, Recorder, Magnetic Tape, Medical
Product Code:
DSH, Medical magnetic tape recorder

PREDICATE DEVICE(S) [807.92(a)(3)]
     Primary Predicate: iRhythm Technologies, Inc. ZIO® SkyRunner
       Electrocardiogram Monitoring Services (K143513) (“SkyRunner”)
     Reference Devices:
        o GETEMED Medizin-und Informationstechnik AG, SEER 1000
            (K130785)
        o  Signalife, Inc., Signalife Fidelity 200 Cardiac Event Recorder (K071228)


                            Page 1 of 4

K171936
510(k) SUMMARY


DEVICE DESCRIPTION [807.92(a)(4)]
The Peerbridge Cor™ System is a family of products comprised of two models, the Peerbridge
Cor™ XT (“Cor XT”) and the Peerbridge Cor™ Event (“Cor Event”). The system is an
ambulatory wearable ECG monitoring system designed to record and provide patient’s
electrocardiogram (ECG) data to the clinician.
The Peerbridge System consists of five components: (1) Wearable ECG Sensor with Bluetooth
technology, (2) Adhesive Electrode (3) dedicated Handheld Transmitter Device, (4) Data Upload
Fixture and Software that allow ECG data to be uploaded from the Wearable ECG Sensor to a
PC and then to the Backend, and (5) Cloud-based Backend Data Management Module. The
Wearable ECG sensor attaches to the patient’s chest and records the patient’s ECG continuously.
This device can collect two (2) channels of ECG data continuously for up to seven (7) days. In
addition, patients can report symptomatic events by pressing the Event Button on the Wearable
ECG Sensor or by using the mobile application on the Handheld Transmitter when a symptom is
experienced. The device generates ECG reports to be displayed on the clinician’s interface.
The Peerbridge System Cor XT and Cor Event have identical functionalities and components
while differing in post-data acquisition clinical workflow. These configurations are presented in
Table 1 with their respective tests. Through the two configurations, the system supports three
tests based on medical necessity determined by the prescribing clinician.

         Table 1- Peerbridge System Family Configurations
                       Peerbridge Cor XT                Peerbridge Cor Event

                  Test 1: 24 hours of Holter monitoring   Test 1: 24 hours of Holter monitoring


                     Test 2: Up to 7 days of Holter        Test 3: Patient Activated Event with
                            Monitoring                            Surveillance


To initiate a test, the clinician uses the Peerbridge Portal to enter the patient’s profile and select
the appropriate test (Test 1, Test 2, or Test 3).

INDICATIONS FOR USE [807.92(a)(5)]
The Peerbridge Cor™ System family of products is intended to capture and transmit
symptomatic events and continuous external electrocardiogram (ECG) information for 24 hours
and up to 7 days (long term monitoring). The Peerbridge Cor™ System contains a continuous
external electrocardiogram (ECG) recorder with a patient-activated events button.  It is indicated
for use on adult patients 18 years or older who may be asymptomatic or who may suffer from
transient symptoms such as palpitations, shortness of breath, dizziness, light-headedness, presyncope, fatigue, or anxiety. The reported ECG metrics supports 2-channel ECG analysis on a
beat-by-beat basis, heart rate measurement and rhythm analysis by FDA cleared algorithms. The
report generated does not contain diagnostic interpretation; the report is provided for review by
intended users to render a diagnosis based on their clinical judgment and experience.


                                 Page 2 of 4

K171936510(k) SUMMARY

COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICES
[807.92(a)(6)]
The Peerbridge System and the SkyRunner predicate device both capture, record, transmit, and
analyze symptomatic events and continuous ECG recordings over an extended period in adult
patients who may be asymptomatic or who may suffer from transient symptoms such as
palpitations, shortness of breath, dizziness, light-headedness, pre-syncope, syncope, fatigue, or
anxiety. The Peerbridge System and the SkyRunner provide a report of the analyzed ECG data
for the clinician to interpret. The reports for both systems are generated by FDA-cleared
algorithms. Similar to the SkyRunner, the ECG data report is displayed in the clinician interface.
Overall, the Peerbridge System is similar to the predicate device in terms of technological and
safety characteristics and differences in technological characteristics have been analyzed and
tested to ensure that there are no different questions of safety or effectiveness.

SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE
The Peerbridge System is substantially equivalent to the SkyRunner. The two devices have the
same intended use and similar technological characteristics. Differences in the technological
characteristics between the devices do not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness.
Thus, the Peerbridge System is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

PERFORMANCE DATA [807.92(b)]
All necessary non-clinical testing was conducted on the Peerbridge System to support a
determination of substantial equivalence to the predicate device.
[807.92(b)(1)] Nonclinical Testing Summary:
   The nonclinical, bench testing included the following tests that were performed and passed:
     Software unit, integration, and system level testing
     Biocompatibility
      Electrical Safety and Electromagnetic Compatibility testing
      Defibrillation Safety testing
     ECG Wearable Sensor functional testing
     Wearability testing
     Summative human factors and usability testing
The collective results of the nonclinical testing demonstrate that the device meets its
performance requirements and does not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness for
measuring ECG or presenting information to the clinician when compared to the predicate device.
[807.92(b)(2)] Clinical Testing Summary:
Clinical testing is not provided in support of this premarket notification.


                                Page 3 of 4

K171936510(k) SUMMARY

CONCLUSIONS [807.92(b)(3)]
In summary, the Peerbridge System and the SkyRunner have the same intended use and similar
technological characteristics. Differences in the technological characteristics have been
evaluated and supported with appropriate testing. Therefore, differences in technological
characteristics do not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness.

SUMMARY
The Peerbridge Cor™ System is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                  Page 4 of 4