January 4, 2018


Excel Medical Electronics, LLC
Lance Burton
General Manager
801 Maplewood Dr.
Suite 25
Jupiter, Florida 33458

Re: K171056
    Trade/Device Name: WAVE Clinical Platform
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2300
    Regulation Name: Cardiac Monitor (Including Cardiotachometer And Rate Alarm)
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MWI
    Dated: November 30, 2017
    Received: December 4, 2017

Dear Lance Burton:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual
registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding
and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties.
We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good
manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820);


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 2 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

Page 2 - Lance Burton                                                       K171056


and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR
1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's
Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and
Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website
(http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone
(1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,y,


                                               for
                                   BramB    D.D ZZuckerman, MM.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Device Evaluation
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food'and: Drug Administration Expiration Date: January 31, 2017
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K171056
Device Name
WAVE Clinical Platform
Indications for Use (Describe)
The WAVE Clinical Platform is software intended to route, store, and display data, alarms, results and diagnostic
information from medical devices, Electronic Medical Records (EMR), and Clinical Information Systems (CIS).
The WAVE Clinical Platform is a remote monitoring platform that displays physiologic data, waveforms, alarms, results
and diagnostic information routed through the WAVE Clinical Platform from supported devices and systems. The WAVE
Clinical Platform is intended for use in hospital or hospital type environments. The WAVE Clinical Platform is intended
to be used by healthcare professionals for the following purposes:
* To remotely consult regarding patients’ statuses;
+ To remotely review other standard or critical near real-time patient data, waveforms, alarms, and results in order to
utilize this information to aid in clinical decisions.
Warning: The WAVE Clinical Platform is intended to supplement and not to replace any part of the hospital's device
monitoring or electronic data management systems. Do not rely on the WAVE Clinical Platform product as the sole
source of alarms.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
[X] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (J Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (8/14) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

Excel Medical Electronics, LLC
WAVE Clinical Platform
Traditional 510(k)


                   510(K) SUMMARY
            WAVE Clinical Platform

In accordance with the Food and Drug Administration Rule to implement
provisions of the Safe Medical Devices Act of 1990 and in conformance
with 21 CFR 807.92, this information serves as a 510(k) Summary for the
use of the WAVE Clinical Platform.

    1. Date:                        April 7, 2017

    2. SUBMITTED BY:         Excel Medical Electronics, LLC
                           801 Maplewood Drive, Suite 25
                                     Jupiter, Florida 33458


    3. CONTACT PERSON:    Lance Burton
                             General Manager
                                Email: lance.burton@excelmedical.com
                            Phone: 866-573-8807
                               Fax: 561-748-8889


    4. DEVICE INFORMATION: WAVE Clinical Platform

                           Device Information

       Device Proprietary
                  WAVE Clinical Platform
      Name:

     Common or Usual    Data Management, Visualization and Clinical
      Name:               Decision Support Software

        Classification:        Class II Device

       Product Code:     MWI

       Regulation Number:  CFR 870.2300

                            Cardiac Monitor (including Cardiotachometer and
       Regulation Name:
                          Rate Alarm)

                            Cardiac Monitor (including cardiotachometer and
        Classification Name:  rate alarm) Monitor, Physiological, Patient
                             (Without Arrhythmia Detection or Alarms)


                            K171056 Page 1 of 8

Excel Medical Electronics, LLC
WAVE Clinical Platform
Traditional 510(k)


                              Part 870, Subpart B Cardiovascular Diagnostic
      Review Panel:        Devices, Sec. 870.1425 Programmable
                             Diagnostic Computer


    5. PREDICATE DEVICE: COVIDIEN VITAL SYNC™ INFORMATICS
    MANAGER & VIRTUAL PATIENT MONITORING PLATFORM
      (K140339; MWI, OUG)

     INTENDED USE: "The Vital Sync™ Informatics Manager is
      software that is intended to route and store medical device data
     and device diagnostic information from supported devices to the
       Electronic Medical Record (eMR) and Clinical Information System
       (CIS).
     The Vital Sync™ Virtual Patient Monitoring Platform is a remote
      monitoring platform that displays physiologic data, waveforms and
      alarms routed through the Vital Sync™ Informatics Manager for
      supported devices. The Vital Sync™ Virtual Patient Monitoring
      Platform is intended to be used by healthcare professionals for the
       following purposes:
         • To remotely consult regarding a patient's status
         • To remotely review other standard or critical near real-time
       patient data, waveforms and alarms in order to utilize this
       information to aid in clinical decisions and deliver patient care in a
       timely manner.

     WARNING: The Vital Sync™ Informatics Manager & Virtual
       Patient Monitoring Platform are intended to supplement and not to
      replace any part of the hospital's device monitoring. Do not rely on
      the Vital Sync™ Informatics Manager &Virtual Patient Monitoring
      Platform as the sole source of alarms.”

                             Predicate Device Information
       Device Proprietary     Vital Sync™Informatics Manager & Virtual Patient
      Name:               Monitoring Platform
        Classification:        Class II Device
       510(k) Number:      K140339
       Product Code:      MWI, OUG
       Regulation Number:  CFR 870.2300
                            Cardiac Monitor (including Cardiotachometer and
       Regulation Name:
                          Rate Alarm)
                            Cardiac Monitor (including cardiotachometer and
        Classification Name:  rate alarm) Monitor, Physiological, Patient (Without
                            Arrhythmia Detection or Alarms)


                           K171056 Page 2 of 8

Excel Medical Electronics, LLC
WAVE Clinical Platform
Traditional 510(k)


                              Part 870, Subpart B Cardiovascular Diagnostic
      Review Panel:        Devices, Sec. 870.1425 Programmable Diagnostic
                         Computer

    6. DEVICE DESCRIPTION: Excel Medical’s WAVE Clinical Platform
        is a software platform that gathers and stores data from patient
      monitoring and other medical devices, hospital information
      systems, and clinical analytics data sources for near real-time and
       retrospective remote display for clinicians to use in clinical decision
       support. The WAVE Clinical Platform can also route and forward
      these data to third party systems.

     The WAVE Clinical Platform can utilize the hospital's existing
      network and hardware for installation and display on any device
       that is web-enabled. The WAVE Clinical Platform does not control
      any of the medical devices or systems it is connected with.

    7. INTENDED USE / INDICATIONS FOR USE: The WAVE Clinical
      Platform is software intended to route, store, and display data,
      alarms, results and diagnostic information from medical devices,
       Electronic Medical Records (EMR), and Clinical Information
     Systems (CIS). The WAVE Clinical Platform is a remote monitoring
       platform that displays physiologic data, waveforms, alarms, results
     and diagnostic information routed through the WAVE Clinical
      Platform from supported devices and systems. The WAVE Clinical
      Platform is intended for use in hospital or hospital type
      environments. The WAVE Clinical Platform is intended to be used
      by healthcare professionals for the following purposes:
                 •
           To remotely consult regarding patients’ statuses;
                 •
           To remotely review other standard or critical near real-time
              patient data, waveforms, alarms, and results in order to
                utilize this information to aid in clinical decisions.


      Warning: The WAVE Clinical Platform is intended to supplement
     and not replace any part of the hospital's device monitoring or
       electronic data management systems. Do not rely on the WAVE
       Clinical Platform product as the sole source of alarms.


                        K171056 Page 3 of 8

Excel Medical Electronics, LLC
WAVE Clinical Platform
Traditional 510(k)


    8. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTIC AND SUBSTANTIAL
     EQUIVALENCE:
                          Predicate - Vital Sync
                          Informatics Manager &
                                 WAVE Clinical                             Virtual Patient
                                                Platform                         Monitoring Platform

Indications for Use       The Vital Sync         The WAVE Clinical
                          Informatics Manager is  Platform is software
                           software that is           intended to route, store,
                           intended to route and    and display data,
                             store medical device      alarms, results and
                          data and device          diagnostic information
                            diagnostic information    from medical devices,
                          from supported devices   Electronic Medical
                               to the Electronic         Records (EMR), and
                          Medical Record (EMR)    Clinical Information
                       and Clinical Information  Systems (CIS).
                       System (CIS).
                                          The WAVE Clinical
                      The Vital Sync Virtual   Platform is a remote
                           Patient Monitoring      monitoring platform that
                         Platform is a remote      displays physiologic and
                           monitoring platform that   clinically relevant data,
                            displays physiologic      waveforms, and alarms
                             data, waveforms and     routed through the
                          alarms routed through   WAVE Clinical
                           the Vital Sync           Platform from
                          Informatics Manager    supported devices and
                                 for supported devices.    data systems. The
                      The Vital Sync Virtual  WAVE Clinical
                           Patient Monitoring      Platform  is intended to
                         Platform is intended to   be used by healthcare
                       be used by healthcare    professionals for the
                            professionals for the      following purposes:
                              following purposes:         • To remotely consult
                                    • To remotely consult     regarding patients’
                           regarding a patient's      statuses;
                             status                          • To remotely review
                                    • To remotely review      other standard or critical
                            other standard or critical  near real-time and
                          near real-time patient      historical patient data,
                             data, waveforms and     waveforms, alarms, and
                          alarms in order to utilize   results in order to utilize


                         K171056 Page 4 of 8

Excel Medical Electronics, LLC
WAVE Clinical Platform
Traditional 510(k)


                                 this information to aid in   this information to aid in
                                  clinical decisions and      clinical decisions and
                              deliver patient care in a   deliver patient care in a
                             timely manner.            timely manner.

                    WARNING: The Vital    WARNING: The WAVE
                     Sync Informatics        Clinical Platform is
                      Manager & Virtual       intended to supplement
                           Patient Monitoring     and not to replace any
                         Platform are intended    part of the hospital's
                               to supplement and not    device monitoring or
                               to replace any part of      electronic data
                            the hospital's device     management systems.
                            monitoring. Do not rely   Do not rely on the
                       on the Vital Sync     WAVE Clinical
                          Informatics Manager    Platform product as the
                           &Virtual Patient         sole source of alarms.
                         Monitoring Platform
                        as the sole source of
                           alarms.

Device Regulatory       21 CFR 870.2300;      21 CFR 870.2300;
Classification             Cardiac monitor          Cardiac monitor
                              (including                  (including
                           cardiotachometer and    cardiotachometer and
                              rate alarm)                rate alarm)

Product Code         MWI & OUG         MWI

Device Class                        II                                        II

510(k) Number          K140339            TBD

Other Technology Used   Standard computers,     Standard computers,
                           network, and WIFI        network, and WIFI
                          technology              technology

Host server             Uses hospital's existing   Uses hospital's existing
                            server hardware or       server hardware or
                            server pre-loaded with    server pre-loaded with
                                 Vital Sync software and   the WAVE Clinical
                                   off the shelf operating     Platform software and
                        system                     off-the-shelf operating
                                               system


                        K171056 Page 5 of 8

Excel Medical Electronics, LLC
WAVE Clinical Platform
Traditional 510(k)


Data Storage            Hour to days of data is     All data are archived to
                            buffered and then       and indefinitely stored
                           archived to tape for      on disk drives until
                                indefinite storage until    deleted
                           deleted

Where Used             Anywhere clinicians     Anywhere clinicians
                           remotely consult on      remotely consult on
                             patients                   patients

Wireless                 Yes, handheld display    Yes, handheld display
                           devices                 devices

Ability to View Near      Yes                 Yes
Real-time Data

Synopsis of                Store, route and display   Store, route and display
Functionality               patient monitor, EMR      patient monitor, EMR
                       and CIS data, alarms,    and CIS data, alarms,
                       and smart alarms       and smart alarms
                           remotely to aid in         remotely to aid in clinical
                                  clinical decisions and     decisions and deliver
                              deliver patient care in a   patient care in a timely
                             timely manner          manner

Target                 ICU and ER patients      In-hospital patients that
Population/Demographi    that have Covidien       have physiological
cs                           physiological sensors     sensors attached.
                            attached.


    9. Substantial Equivalence Discussion on Comparison to
      Predicate Device:
      Excel Medical’s WAVE Clinical Platform and Covidien’s Vital
     Sync™ Informatics Manager & Virtual Patient Monitoring Platform
      perform the same functions with no difference in how the devices
      are used. The WAVE Clinical Platform is a single medical device
       that performs the functions of (a) storing, (b) routing and (c)
       displaying data from patient monitors, EMR and CIS systems, and
      smart alarms. Covidien’s two devices (Vital Sync™ Informatics
     Manager & Virtual Patient Monitoring Platform) perform these
     same functions. The WAVE Clinical Platform’s data is displayed
      remotely to aid in clinical decisions and deliver patient care in a
       timely manner. The Vital Sync™ Informatics Manager & Virtual
       Patient Monitoring Platform’s data is displayed remotely to aid in
        clinical decisions and deliver patient care in a timely manner. Excel


                         K171056 Page 6 of 8

Excel Medical Electronics, LLC
WAVE Clinical Platform
Traditional 510(k)


      Medical’s WAVE Clinical Platform data are archived to and
        indefinitely stored on disk drives until deleted. Covidien’s Vital
     Sync™ Informatics Manager & Virtual Patient Monitoring Platform
      Hour to days of data is buffered and then archived to tape for
       indefinite storage until deleted. The Vital Sync™ Informatics
     Manager & Virtual Patient Monitoring Platform gathers ICU and ER
       patient data from Covidien physiological sensors. Excel Medical’s
    WAVE Clinical Platform gathers data from in-hospital patients that
      have physiological sensors attached. These differences have no
       effect on how these devices are used. The patient’s in-hospital
       location and the physiological sensors may be different, but Excel
      Medical’s WAVE Clinical Platform and Covidien’s Vital Sync™
       Informatics Manager & Virtual Patient Monitoring Platform function
     and intended use are the same. Risk and Hazards are the
      determined to be the same for both devices.

   10. Substantial Equivalence Discussion on Safety and
      Effectiveness:
      There are three differences between Excel Medical’s WAVE
       Clinical Platform and Covidien’s Vital Sync™ Informatics Manager
    & Virtual Patient Monitoring Platform:
               (1) The Vital Sync™ Informatics Manager & Virtual Patient
             Monitoring Platform are essentially two products and the
        WAVE Clinical Platform is one product that perform the
          same functionality.
               (2) The WAVE Clinical Platform gathers data from inhospital patients that have physiological sensors attached.
          The Vital Sync™ Informatics Manager & Virtual Patient
             Monitoring Platform gathers ICU and ER patient data from
            Covidien physiological sensors. This is based on a business
             decision to include other manufacturer’s devices and
           systems and is no difference in functionality or intended use
              of the product.
               (3) The WAVE Clinical Platform has the ability to store a
              larger volume of data and made available online. Whereas,
             the Vital Sync™ Informatics Manager & Virtual Patient
             Monitoring Platform requires long term storage of data to be
             archived offline.
     These differences have no effect on safety and effectiveness or
      the intended use for the device.

   11. Summary of Technology Characteristics
      Technology characteristics of the WAVE Clinical Platform and the
        Vital Sync™ Informatics Manager & Virtual Patient Monitoring
      Platform are determined to be the same. Both devices are
      software devices with client server architecture and support webK171056 Page 7 of 8

Excel Medical Electronics, LLC
WAVE Clinical Platform
Traditional 510(k)


      enabled displays of data. Both software devices acquire and
       distribute data across general purpose hospital networks, both
      wired and wireless. Both devices have server software that run on
      general purposes server computer hardware and use data storage
      technology mediums widely available in hospitals. Both devices
       allow users to access and display data from web-enabled devices
      over wired and wireless general purpose networks. All of these
      technologies are proven and any risks and their mitigations are
      widely understood in hospital environments. The platforms have
       identical indications for use and both display parameters and
      waveforms from connected medical devices to a remote, webenabled display.

   12. Non-clinical Performance: Bench
       Safety, efficacy and substantial equivalence was shown through
      system level tests, user interface verification, device compatibility
        verification, performance tests and safety testing. The WAVE
       Clinical Platform test results on non-clinical testing demonstrate
      the device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device - the
      Covidien Vital Sync™ Informatics Manager & Virtual Patient
      Monitoring Platform in terms of safety, features and performance.
     No new questions of safety and effectiveness have been raised.

   13. Clinical Performance:
      Not Applicable. Clinical evidence was not necessary to show
       substantial equivalence.

   14. Conclusions from Non-clinical Performance Testing:
     The WAVE Clinical Platform test results on non-clinical testing
      demonstrate the WAVE Clinical Platform is substantially equivalent
       to the predicate device - the Covidien Vital Sync™ Informatics
     Manager & Virtual Patient Monitoring Platform in terms of safety,
       features and performance.


                         K171056 Page 8 of 8