May 25, 2018

TransEnterix, Inc.
Stephanie Fitts
VP, Clinical, Quality and Regulatory Affairs, Chief Compliance Officer
635 Davis Drive, Suite 300
Morrisville, North Carolina 27560

Re: K180163
    Trade/Device Name: TransEnterix Senhance Surgical System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 876.1500
    Regulation Name: Endoscope and Accessories
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: NAY, GCJ
    Dated: April 23, 2018
    Received: April 24, 2018

Dear Stephanie Fitts:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual
registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding
and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties.
We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good
manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820);


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                              D o c ID # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 2. 0 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

Page 2 - Stephanie Fitts                                                       K180163


and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR
1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's
Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and
Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website
(http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone
(1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                   Jennifer R.
                 Stevenson -S3
                                       For Binita S. Ashar, M.D., M.B.A., F.A.C.S.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Surgical Devices
                                               Office of Device Evaluation
                                             Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.


510(k) Number (if known)
K180163

Device Name
TransEnterix Senhance Surgical System


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Senhance Surgical System is intended to assist in the accurate control of laparoscopic instruments for visualization
and endoscopic manipulation of tissue including grasping, cutting, blunt and sharp dissection, approximation, ligation,
electrocautery, suturing, mobilization and retraction. The Senhance Surgical System is intended for use in laparoscopic
gynecological surgery, colorectal surgery, cholecystectomy, and inguinal hernia repair. The system is indicated for adult
use.  It is intended for use by trained physicians in an operating room environment in accordance with the Instructions for
Use.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) SUMMARY

                                         K180163

                                      [In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92]

 510(k) Sponsor:                    TransEnterix, Inc.
 Address:                       635 Davis Drive, Suite 300
                                        Morrisville, NC 27560

 Contact Person:                   Stephanie Fitts, Ph.D.
                                 Vice President, RA/QA, and Clinical

 Contact Information:             Email: sfitts@transenterix.com
                                  Phone: 919.765.8400
                                      Facsimile: 919.765.8549

 Date Summary Prepared:       May 14, 2018

 Proprietary (Trade) Name:        TransEnterix® Senhance™ Surgical System

 Common Name:                 Endoscopic Instrument Control System
                                  Endoscopic Instruments and Accessories

  Classification:                     Class II

  Classification Advisory           General and Plastic Surgery
 Committee:
 Regulation Number:             21 CFR 876.1500, Endoscope and Accessories

 Product Codes:            NAY (System, Surgical, Computer Controlled Instrument)

 Predicate Device:              Senhance™ Surgical System (K171120)

 Reference Devices:                   Intuitive Surgical da Vinci Xi Surgical System (K170713 and
                               K172643)

I.   Device Description
 The Senhance Surgical System is a console-based, multi-arm surgical system, which enables a surgeon to remotely
  control surgical instrumentation during minimally invasive surgery in the lower abdomen and pelvis. The capital
 equipment is comprised of three main sub-systems as follows:
     •  Cockpit ‐ The station where the surgeon inputs information through hand and eye movements to direct the
        motion of the arms in the surgical field.
     •  Manipulator Arms ‐ Independent mechanized support arms that interface with the endoscope and surgical
          instruments. The manipulator arms produce output movements based on the instructions from the surgeon
           at the cockpit. The system is configurable with up to three arms.
     •  Node ‐ A relay unit that connects the cockpit inputs to the manipulator arms in the system as configured,
        and converts and transmits the video signals to the 2D/3D monitor on the cockpit console.


  TransEnterix, Inc.                  Senhance Surgical System                                      1

The figure below is a graphical depiction of the main Senhance system components.


                                      Senhance System

The following are the device safety features:

    •   Manipulator Arm Brakes
    •   Indicator Lights
    •   Audible Alerts
    •   Trocar Fulcrum
    •   Hierarchy of Control
    •  Exceeding Force
    •   Multiple inputs required at cockpit to initiate motion
    •  Emergency Stop
    •  Surgeon presence
    •  Eye tracking lost gaze stop
    •   Jog mode velocity restriction
    •  RFID surgical instrument
    •  Power loss stoppage


TransEnterix, Inc.                  Senhance Surgical System                                      2

The Senhance system includes a series of surgical instruments (Table 1), which are attached to the manipulator
   arms by way of corresponding adapters. All adapters and instruments are multi-use components that are steam
    sterilized by the end user before the first and each subsequent use. The instrument designs are adaptations of
   standard laparoscopic instruments that are commonly used in surgery. Each instrument type has a corresponding
   system adapter.

                                 Table 1. Senhance Surgical Instruments
                                 PASSIVE INSTRUMENTS
                                                                            Mixter                      Johan Grasping Forceps
                                                                   Needle Holder, Left                            Kocher
                                                                   Needle Holder, Right                          Allis Atraumatic Grasper

                           Strong Grasper                      Fundus/ Universal Grasping Forceps

                         MONOPOLAR INSTRUMENTS
                                                            Metzenbaum Short Tip
                       Maryland Dissector
                                                                 L-Hook
                     Metzenbaum Curved

                               BIPOLAR INSTRUMENTS
                      Large Grasping Forceps                        Maryland Dissector
                        Curved Scissors

 II.    Indications for Use
   The Senhance Surgical System  is intended to assist in the accurate control of laparoscopic instruments for
    visualization and endoscopic manipulation of tissue including grasping, cutting, blunt and sharp dissection,
   approximation, ligation, electrocautery, suturing, mobilization and retraction. The Senhance Surgical System is
   intended for use in laparoscopic gynecological surgery, colorectal surgery, cholecystectomy, and inguinal hernia
    repair. The system is indicated for adult use.  It is intended for use by trained physicians in an operating room
   environment in accordance with the Instructions for Use.

III.   Summary of Technological Characteristics
   This 510(k) is for a labeling modification only, to include inguinal hernia repair and cholecystectomy procedures
   under the cleared list of procedures for the Senhance Surgical System. There are no changes to the technological
    characteristics of the cleared Senhance Surgical System proposed in this submission.  The comparison of the
   subject device technological characteristics to the predicate device and reference device is provided in Table 2
   below.


   TransEnterix, Inc.                  Senhance Surgical System                                      3

Table 2. Technological Comparison to Predicates
                                                                      da Vinci Xi
                                                                             (Reference Devices,         Feature      Senhance (Subject Device,    Senhance (Predicate                                                                 K170713 & K172543)                            K180163)              Device, K171120)
     Surgeon Console   Open Cockpit design       Open Cockpit design       Head-in cockpit
     Surgeon Controls   Laparoscopic style grip and   Laparoscopic style grip      Three-finger grip with
                       motion                    and motion               open surgery motion
     Instrument         Dual surgeon inputs for      Dual surgeon inputs for     Dual surgeon inputs
     Activation          manipulator arm motion      manipulator arm motion     for manipulator arm
                            (fingers in handles plus       (fingers in handles plus     motion (forehead
                          clutch pedal)                 clutch pedal)               sensor plus finger grip
                                                                                         activation)
     Endoscope        Hand or optional Infrared    Hand or optional Infrared   Clutch pedal selection
     Control           Eye sensor               Eye sensor               and hand control
     Force Feedback    Yes                     Yes                 No
     Surgeon Display    Active instruments shown    Active instruments shown   Similar
     Robotic Arms      Three separate carts with     Three separate carts with   One cart with 4 arms
                      one arm each              one arm each
                     Manual brake and wheels    Manual brake and wheels   Powered brake and
                                                                           wheels
                       Exceeding Force Stop –      Exceeding Force Stop –    Arms stop after
                      arms stop when excessive    arms stop when excessive    collision when joints
                          force is detected              force is detected             are moved from
                                                                                         original position
                     Emergency Stop button      Emergency Stop button     Similar
     Surgical           Fulcrum set by force sensor  Fulcrum set by force       Fulcrum set by remote
     Instruments                                      sensor                       center function using
                                                                                  potentiometers
                           Straight stick standard        Straight stick standard      Wristed instruments
                         laparoscopy                 laparoscopy
                        Reusable instruments        Reusable instruments       Reusable instruments
     Third Party        Yes                     Yes                 No
     Endoscope
     Adapters
     Drapes             Third party sterile           Third party sterile        Same
                       equipment covers           equipment covers

The subject Senhance System has undergone software revision since the predicate Senhance System was cleared in
K171120 to add the following 3 non-end user related features:

    •  Software Compatibility Check Feature: This feature queries and retrieves all software component
        version levels for TransEnterix-created binary files. The gathered binary files are compared against
       expected versions, and if any discrepancies are found during the check, the system displays a version
        incompatibility error message on the cockpit monitor. The check is performed at system startup and any
       time an arm is newly connected to an active system.

    •  R&D Mode: This function was added to allow the system to enable or disable specific features to facilitate
        unrestricted continued software development of the system. The R&D Mode feature will only be enabled
       once a “development config” file is placed on a component of the system. This file can only be placed on a
       component through physically deconstructing the component and interacting with the PCs internal to the

TransEnterix, Inc.                  Senhance Surgical System                                      4

device, or through the Node’s service port which is only accessible by authorized and trained personnel
           using a password protected interface.

      •   Service function for Automated Instrument Calibration: Instrument calibration is a time-consuming
           task that is normally performed by Field Service to calibrate the jaw open and close ranges for designated
           “grasping” surgical instruments. This feature automates that process to save time during a field service
              visit.

   The subject device is substantially similar in technological characteristics to the predicate Senhance device. When
   used for the additional laparoscopic surgeries proposed, the substantial equivalence has been demonstrated through
   the clinical data, summary of which is included in this document.

   The bench, usability, pre-clinical and in-vivo data provided for Senhance device under K171120 are applicable to
   the subject device since in terms of technology and intended use the subject device remains similar to the predicate
   cleared under K171120. These data along with additional clinical data presented under the subject submission
   demonstrate the subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. Moreover, the clinical data
   provided for subject device for laparoscopic inguinal hernia and cholecystectomy procedures had similar outcomes
   when compared with the reference device, da Vinci Xi Surgical System, and standard laparoscopic technique.

IV.   Software Verification and Validation
   The subject Senhance System has undergone software revision to add the following 3 non-end user related features:
   Software Compatibility Check Feature, R&D Mode, and Service function for Automated Instrument Calibration.
   These features are described above in Section III.

   Software verification and validation testing were conducted for the changed portions of the architecture including
   regression testing and integration testing for the revised code. Documentation was provided as recommended by
   FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software
   Contained in Medical Devices” including re-presentation of unchanged specifications and test reports submitted
   with the predicate device submission K171120. The software for this device was considered as a “major” level of
   concern.

 V.    Clinical Data
   In supplement to the previously submitted clinical data in K171120, the company has collected data on the
   Senhance Robotic System for cholecystectomy and inguinal hernia procedures as part of three studies. In sum, data
   has been collected on 76 inguinal hernia repair procedures and 40 cholecystectomy procedures with the Senhance
   Robotic System.  These data demonstrate results that support substantial equivalence to the predicates for the
   proposed indications.

   Cholecystectomy Case Series

  Two retrospective chart reviews were performed for 40 patients who underwent cholecystectomy procedures with
   the Senhance Robotic System. There were few intraoperative and postoperative complications and two conversions
   to standard laparoscopy. No conversions to open technique, reoperations or readmissions related to the procedure
   were necessary.


   TransEnterix, Inc.                  Senhance Surgical System                                      5

Table 3. Cholecystectomy Data - Senhance, Predicate Robotic and Laparoscopic
                                Senhance -    Senhance -    Reference     Laparoscopic
                                   Imperial     Hamburg    da Vinci     arm from
                                    College        University    System ǂ       meta-analysis
                            N=20       N=20        N=1435      (Huang et al)*
                                                                N=921
         Complication Non-serious    6, 30%       0           0-25%        Not Reported
         (Clavien Dindo I-II) (n, %)
         or % range
         Serious Complication       0            0           0-4%        0-10%
         (Clavien Dindo III) (%)
         Estimated Blood Loss (mL)  Minimal      Not Reported  Not Reported  12-14 mL
          Intra-op Adverse Events /    1 (intraop     0           0-5%         0-33.3%
         Complications (n, %) or %    bleeding),
         range               5%
         Transfusions (%)           0            0           0-2%         0
         Mortality (%)             0            0            0-0.5%       0
        Conversion to Laparoscopy   1, 5%           1, 5%         0-12.5%     N/A
           (n, %) or % range
        Conversion to Open (n, %)   0            0           unknown      0-15.7%
         or % range
         Reoperation rates (n, %) or   0            0           0-4%         Not Reported
     % range
        Readmission rates (n, %)      3, 15%       0           0-4%         0-4.3%
        Median Operative Time in    86.5 (44-129)  71.5 (34-197)  91.7 (50-152)  115.3 (65-141)
        min (range)
         Hospital Length of Stay     0 (1 pt          2**            1-5             2.2 (range 1.0-
         (days)                     remained                                        5.1)
                                       overnight)
ǂ Reference da Vinci data compiled from 19 papers obtained from structured PubMed literature search years 2000-
2018
*  Huang  et   al.  Robotic  cholecystectomy  versus  conventional  laparoscopic  cholecystectomy: A  metaanalysis. Surgery. 2017 Mar;161(3):628-636. doi: 10.1016/j.surg.2016.08.061
** 2-day hospital stay per protocol

For the data provided under the heading entitled “Reference da Vinci System” and a PubMed search was conducted
using specific Medical Subject Heading (MeSH) terms for the years 2000-2018 which yielded 61 robotic papers of
interest. A pre-determined excision criteria was used to filter the results to the final set of 19 peer-reviewed
research publications describing the clinical outcomes for more than 1400 cholecystectomy robotically assisted
surgery operations.

A meta-analysis publication (Huang et al) was used for the laparoscopic comparison. This publication summarized
13  trials  for the outcomes of  interest and reported on over 900 cholecystectomies performed by manual
laparoscopic technique.

When comparing results from the Senhance System and the literature,  all outcomes measures demonstrated
comparable results.  Overall, the comparison of the provided cholecystectomy surgery clinical data with the
published literature data from other surgical techniques demonstrated that the Senhance System is as safe and
effective as the predicate device for its intended use.


TransEnterix, Inc.                  Senhance Surgical System                                      6

Inguinal Hernia Repair Surgery Data
A retrospective chart review was performed for 64 patients who underwent inguinal hernia repair procedures with
the Senhance Robotic System. These patients underwent 76 transabdominal preperitoneal (TAPP) inguinal hernia
repairs, including bilateral hernias and recurrent hernia after previous surgical repair. No significant intraoperative
or postoperative complications were observed in the 64 patients. Two cases had to be converted to standard
laparoscopic technique. No reoperations or readmissions related to the procedure were necessary.

Table 4. Inguinal Hernia Repair Surgery - Senhance, Reference da Vinci System and Laparoscopic
Outcome                            Senhance  System  Reference da Vinci  Laparoscopic Cohort
                               N=64^            System N=652**    N=3457*
Patient Demographics
 Mean age, (y ± SD or range)            54.5 ± 16.3         55.8 ± 15.6          34.91 – 62.3
 Female, n (%) or % range             10 (15.6%)        64 (9.8%)          0 – 6.1%
 Mean BMI, kg/m2 (± SD) or range      25.9 ± 3.1          27.3 ± 5.1           22.4 – 26.8
Length of Stay
Inpatient (days, mean ± SD or  range)    1.04 ± 0.2 days†     3.01 ± 4.65 (n=52)    0.8 - 5 days
 Outpatient (hours)                       n/a                 7.16 ± 3.01
Intraoperative Complications, n (%) or   0 (0%)            2 (0.3%)           0 – 8%
% range
Transfusions, n (%)
 Intraoperative                       0                0                 Not Reported
 Perioperative                       0                2 (0.3%)
Postoperative Complications, n (%) or                                    0-36%
% range                            1 (1.6%)          15 (2.3%)            (reported as total time
 Postop to discharge                  0                28 (4.3%)            period)
 Post discharge to 30 days
Readmission Rates, n (%)             0                23 (3.5%)          Not Reported
Reoperation Rates, n (%) or % range                                         0-2.5%
 Postop to discharge                  0                3 (0.5%)             (reported as total time
 Post discharge to 30 days             0                0                     period)
Mortality, n                         0                0                 0
Operative Time, min, avg ± SD/range
 Unilateral repair                    44 ± 17.4           79.7 ± 31.7          32.6 – 110
 Bilateral repair                     79 ± 23.7
All Complications, n (%) or % range     1 (1.6%)          45 (6.9%)            7.9 – 8.7%
^ All performed via TAPP method
†One patient in each group was hospitalized for 2 days. All other patients were admitted for 1 day.
*Data from eleven (11) publications referenced in Bittner, et al., “Update of guidelines on laparoscopic (TAPP) and
endoscopic (TEP) treatment of inguinal hernia (International Endohernia Society”, Chapter 4: “TEP versus TAPP:
which is better?” Surg Endosc 29:289-321 (2015).
** Data from 510(k) summary K170713

Data from the inguinal hernia repair case series using the Senhance system were compared with the results from
over 650 robotic surgeries using the reference da Vinci system and over 3400 inguinal hernia repair operations
performed using standard laparoscopic technique.

Operative times and complication rates were similar between the Senhance System retrospective chart review and
the literature. Longer term endpoints such as inguinal hernia repair recurrence and chronic pain were not assessed

TransEnterix, Inc.                  Senhance Surgical System                                      7

in this study, and thus no claims regarding these outcomes data should be inferred. Overall, the comparison of the
   provided inguinal hernia repair surgery clinical data with the published literature data demonstrated that the
   Senhance System is as safe and effective as the predicate device for its intended use.

   Clinical data were not provided for all of the representative, specific procedures. Instead, clinical data were
   provided for the most complex/highest risk representative, specific procedures of Total Radical Hysterectomy, and
  Low Anterior Resection Total Mesorectal Excision (referred to as the “umbrella” procedures). The data on these
   “umbrella” procedures were extrapolated to cover the less complex/lower risk procedures (referred to as “covered”
   procedures) so published clinical data on the covered procedures were not provided.  Clinical data were provided
   for Myomectomy, Cholecystectomy, and Inguinal Hernia Repair yet these data did not act as umbrella procedures
   to cover any other procedure. Thus, the Representative Procedures for the Senhance System are outlined in Table
   5 below.

                               Table 5. Umbrella and Covered Procedures

                                         Representative Procedures
    Surgical Specialties           Umbrella Procedures            Covered Procedures
    /Procedures

    Laparoscopic Gynecological   Laparoscopic radical/total         benign/ simple total laparoscopic
    Procedures                    hysterectomy, cyst removal,       hysterectomy, lymphadenectomy,
                                  salpingectomy, oophorectomy     endometriosis resection, adnexectomy,
                                                              omentectomy, parametrectomy, lysis of
                                                                   adhesions
                          Myomectomy
    Laparoscopic Colorectal     Low Anterior Resection Total     Colectomy (Transverse, Hemi &
    Procedures                   Mesorectal Excision             Sigmoidectomy), Small Bowel Resection,
                            (LAR/TME), Colectomy (Right,   Rectopexy, Abdominoperineal Resection
                                      Left, Total)                    (APR), Appendectomy

     Specific Laparoscopic         Cholecystectomy
    Procedures
                                    Inguinal Hernia Repair (Uni and
                                         bilateral)

  PRECAUTION: Clinical data for the representative specific labeled uses was based on evaluation of the device as
   a surgical tool that assists in the accurate control and performance of coordinated surgical tasks in the form of
   specific surgical procedures. Therefore, safety and effectiveness considerations were limited to validating the
   indications for use and do not imply that any outcomes related to surgeon training, skill or proficiency were
   considered. Outcomes related to the treatment of cancer  (i.e., local recurrence, disease-free survival, overall
    survival), or any specific treatment for underlying disease or patient condition were not evaluated.

VI.   Conclusions
   The clinical analysis of the TransEnterix Senhance System, as summarized herein, demonstrates that the device is
   as safe and effective for the two additional umbrella procedures as the predicate Senhance System cleared in
   K171120.

   The Senhance System has the same intended use and its expanded indications for cholecystectomy and inguinal
   hernia repair do not affect the safety or effectiveness of the device compared to predicate device.  In addition, the
   Senhance System has identical technological characteristics and principles of operation as the predicate device.

   TransEnterix, Inc.                  Senhance Surgical System                                      8

Analysis and clinical performance of the device in these new procedures indicate that no new issues of safety or
effectiveness have been raised for the expanded claim. Thus, the Senhance System is substantially equivalent.


TransEnterix, Inc.                  Senhance Surgical System                                      9