November 16, 2018

Bonraybio Co., Ltd.
℅ Feng-Yu Lee
Principal Consultant
Dynamic Biotech Inc. dba IVDD Regulatory Consultant
29222 Rancho Viejo Road, Suite 218
San Juan Capistrano, California 92675

Re: K180343
    Trade/Device Name: LensHooke X1 Pro Semen Quality Analyzer, LensHooke X1 Semen Quality
                        Analyzer
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220
    Regulation Name: Automated Differential Cell Counter
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: POV
    Dated: January 31, 2018
    Received: February 7, 2018

Dear Feng-Yu Lee:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 3 . 0 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K180343 - Feng-Yu Lee                                                                Page 2


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good
manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820)
for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if
applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-
1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and
Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website
(http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone
(1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,

                              Takeesha Taylor-bell -S

                                         Takeesha Taylor-Bell
                                         Branch Chief
                                       Hematology Branch
                                             Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices
                                              Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

                                          For

                                          Leonthena Carrington
                                               Director
                                             Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices
                                              Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.


510(k) Number (if known)
k180343

Device Name
LensHooke X1 Semen Quality Analyzer
LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer
LensHooke Semen Test Cassette

Indications for Use (Describe)
LensHooke X1 Semen Quality Analyzer for OTC use

The LensHooke X1 Semen Quality Analyzer used with LensHooke Semen Test Cassette is an optical device for human
semen analysis which provides direct and calculated quantitative measurements for:
-Sperm concentration (10^6 per ml)
-Total motility (PR+NP, %)
-Sperm morphology (normal forms, %)
-pH value
The LensHooke X1 Semen Quality Analyzer does not provide a comprehensive evaluation of a male’s fertility status. It is
a self-testing, in-vitro diagnostic system intended for human semen analysis of individuals at home to evaluate male
fertility. The systems are intended for single person use only and should not be shared.

LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer for prescription use

The LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer used with LensHooke Semen Test Cassette is an optical device for
human semen analysis which provides direct and calculated quantitative measurements for:
(1) Sperm concentration (10^6 per ml)
(2) Total motility (PR+NP, %)
- Progressive motility (%)
- Non-Progressive motility (%)
(3) Sperm morphology (normal forms, %)
(4) pH value
The LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer does not provide a comprehensive evaluation of a male’s fertility
status. It is an in-vitro diagnostic system intended for human semen analysis of individuals in healthcare professional
setting to evaluate male fertility.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 2                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

       The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

                                      Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 2 of 2

510(K) SUMMARY

This summary of 5l0(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance
with the requirements of SMDA l990 and 21 CFR §807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: k180343

1.     Submitter's Identification:

       bonraybio Co., Ltd
        4F., No.118, Gongye 9th Rd., Dali Dist., Taichung City 41280, Taiwan (R.O.C.)
       Contact Person: Clare Huang
      Phone Number: 886-4-2491-2385
    FAX Number: 886-4-2491-2885

       c/o IVDD Regulatory Consultant
      29222 Rancho Viejo Road, Suite 218
      San Juan Capistrano, CA 92675
       Contact Person: Feng-Yu Lee
      Phone Number: 1-949-218-0929
      Fax Number: 1-949-218-0928

      Date Summary Prepared: November 16th, 2018

2.    Name of the Device:
      LensHooke Semen Test Cassette
      LensHooke X1 Semen Quality Analyzer
      LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer

3.    Common or Usual Name: Semen Analysis Device

          Product Code           Classification   Regulation Section         Panel
          POV;                Class II      21 CFR 864.5220      Hematology
    Semen Analysis Device                                           80


4.     Device Description:

      Semen Quality Analyzer integrates optical design and image analysis and combined with
         artificial intelligence image processing method, to fully automated analysis of semen
        quality including semen pH, sperm concentration and motility. The images are captured
      and recorded by cameras and with image processing methods, the locations of sperms are
        detected. The sperm concentration is analyzed by the sperm unit density; the sperm
        motility  is  calculated by  tracing sperm  trajectories and  the sperm morphology  is
       calculated by comparing head and tail percentage. Through camera, the chromatographic

                                              Sec 8-1

image of pH is captured and with image saturation and brightness analysis, the level of
pH is determined.

Product Information

4.1 For Over-the-Counter Setting:
   LensHooke X1 Semen System, consist of the following devices:
   LensHooke X1 Semen Quality Analyzer
   LensHooke Semen Test Cassette
   C-KUP Liquefaction Test Cup
   LensHooke Cleaning Wipe

   The LensHooke X1 Semen Quality Analyzer and LensHooke Semen Test Cassette are
   manufactured by bonrayBio.

4.2 For Point-of-Care Professional Setting:
   LensHooke X1 PRO Semen System, consist of the following devices:
   LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer and LensHooke Semen Test Cassette.
   C-KUP Liquefaction Test Cup
   LensHooke Cleaning Wipe

   The LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer and LensHooke Semen Test Cassette are
   manufactured by Bonraybio.

4.3 Consumables Description

  LensHooke Semen Test Cassette
  LensHooke Semen Test Cassette is a well-designed microscopic slide for the optical
  analyzer, LensHooke Semen Quality Analyzer. Top and bottom plastic case and pH
  paper are the components of LensHooke Semen Test Cassette. There are two polished
  windows which analyzed concentration, motility and morphology of the semen and the
  pH of semen respectively.

  C-KUP Liquefaction Test Cup
  C-KUP Liquefaction Test Cup is used to collecting semen samples to liquefaction and
  volume testing. Collected semen samples are applicable for semen quality analysis.
  Cup, cup cover and drip cover are the components of C-KUP Liquefaction Test Cup.
  The V-Stick on cup cover is used to check the liquefaction’s status. The Scale on cup
   is used to check the volume of the semen sample.

  LensHooke Cleaning Wipe
  LensHooke Cleaning Wipe  is a plastic stick with lens cotton. Using LensHooke
  Cleaning Wipe to clean the Test Cassette Insert Slot of LensHooke Semen Quality
  Analyzer.  This  is  the  cleaning  and  maintenance  procedures  usually  used  for
  microscopic analyzers.


                                      Sec 8-2

5.     Indications for Use:

       5.1 For Over-the-Counter Setting:
         LensHooke X1 Semen Quality Analyzer
         The LensHooke X1 Semen Quality Analyzer used with LensHooke Semen Test
           Cassette is an optical device for human semen analysis which provides direct and
           calculated quantitative measurements for:
         -Sperm concentration (106 per ml)
           -Total motility (PR+NP, %)
         -Sperm morphology (normal forms, %)
         -pH value
         The LensHooke X1 Semen Quality Analyzer does not provide a comprehensive
           evaluation of a male’s fertility status.
               It is a self-testing, in-vitro diagnostic systems intended for human semen analysis of
           individuals at home to evaluate male fertility. The systems are intended for single
          person use only and should not be shared.

       5.2 For Point-of-Care Professional Setting:
         The LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer used with LensHooke Semen Test
           Cassette is an optical device for human semen analysis which provides direct and
           calculated quantitative measurements for:
            (1) Sperm concentration (106 per ml)
            (2) Total motility (PR+NP, %)
                  - Progressive motility (%)
                  - Non-Progressive motility (%)
            (3) Sperm morphology (normal forms, %)
            (4) pH value

         The LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer does not provide a comprehensive
           evaluation of a male’s fertility status.
               It is an in-vitro diagnostic system intended for human semen analysis of individuals
            in healthcare professional setting to evaluate male fertility.

6.     Predicate Device Information:

      LensHooke X1 and X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzers are substantially equivalent to:
       SQA V, Sperm Quality Analyzer – Visual
          Device Company: Medical Electronic System, LLC
          510(k) Number: k021746


                                              Sec 8-3

7.     Comparison to Predicate Devices:

               LensHooke X1 PRO     LensHooke X1 Semen          Predicate (K021746)   Product            Semen Quality Analyzer      Quality Analyzer           SQA-V (MES)   Name                      (Professional)             (OTC)
             The LensHooke X1 PRO   The LensHooke X1       The SQA V is a point-of-care,
             Semen Quality Analyzer   Semen Quality Analyzer    electro-optical device with onused with LensHooke      used with LensHooke      screen visualization that is used for
             Semen Test Cassette is an  Semen Test Cassette is an  semen analysis.
                  optical device for human    optical device for human   The SQA V reports:
             semen analysis which      semen analysis which       • total sperm concentration
                provides direct and         provides direct and       (TSC, millions/ml)
                 calculated quantitative      calculated quantitative      • percent motility (%MOT) and %
              measurements for:         measurements for:           progressive motility (%PMOT)
                                                                                     • % normal morphology
                  (1) Sperm concentration    -Sperm concentration      (%MORPH)
                (106 per ml)                (106 per ml)                  • motile sperm concentration
                  (2) Total motility (PR+NP,  -Total motility (PR+NP,     (MSC, millions/mL) and
            %)                  %)                          progressive MSC (PMSC)
                    - Progressive motility (%)  -Sperm morphology        functional sperm concentration
                    - Non-Progressive          (normal forms, %)        (FSC, millions/mL)
                 motility (%)             -pH value
                  (3) Sperm morphology
               (normal forms, %)        The LensHooke X1
Intended Use    (4) pH value            Semen Quality Analyzer
             The LensHooke X1 PRO                                        does not provide a
             Semen Quality Analyzer                                        comprehensive
               does not provide a                                            evaluation of a male’s               comprehensive evaluation                                                       fertility status. It is a self-                of a male’s fertility status.
                                                   testing, in-vitro                       It is an in-vitro diagnostic
                                             diagnostic systems               system intended for
            human semen analysis of    intended for human
                 individuals in healthcare    semen analysis of
                 professional setting to       individuals at home to
                evaluate male fertility.      evaluate male fertility.
                                    The systems are intended
                                               for single person use only
                                      and should not be shared.


Male Fertility                                   Yes                                     YesFactor


                                                    Sec 8-4

Desk-top unit consists of a light
                                                                         source, optical sensors, built-in               Desk-top unit consists of light sources, built-in video                                                                   video microscopy and an internal               microscopy and an internal computer containingTechnology                                                     computer containing algorithms for                algorithms for the assessment of semen parameters.                                                                         the assessment of semen
                                                                      parameters.

Transmission                              Bluetooth/Wi-Fi        N/A           HDMI/USBinterface
                                         Over-the-Counter          ProfessionalIntended User   Point-of-Care professional


       8.     Discussion of Non-Clinical Tests Performed for Determination of Substantial
            Equivalence is as follows:

              Verification and validation of test results were evaluated to establish the performance,
              functionality and reliability of LensHooke X1 Semen Quality Analyzer and LensHooke
         X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer.
           The evaluation included Repeatability, Reproducibility, LoB/LoD/LoQ and  linearity,
              interference, sample volume, operating conditions and stability in close vial.

             Repeatability
           The study was conducted two replicates per run, and two runs for every 4 hours, five
             times/day (3 operator/analyzer/cassette lot combinations × 2 replicates × 2 runs × 5
             times/day = 60 data points per sperm concentration/sperm motility/sperm morphology
               level).

                   It was demonstrated  that  the  calculate CV (%) pH,  Concentration,  Motility and
           morphology were within 10%.

            Reproducibility
           The evaluation was estimated by control solutions of 3 prepared latex beads concentration
            and pH levels (Label #Low, Normal, High). Each sample was tested in 5 replicates by 1
             operator per day. 3 lots of test system were used and 1 lot per site.
            For motility and morphology, due to the limited stability of semen samples, the “day” of
              repeatability experiment as different times of the day (every 4 hours = 1 “day”). 3 semen
             motile and 3 semen morphology levels (Label #Low, Normal, High) spread across the
            measuring interval were evaluated 3 operator/analyzer/cassette lot combinations × 5
               replicate × 5 times/day.
             Total 3 POC sites with 5 days/times were performed.

                   It was demonstrated  that  the  calculate CV (%) pH,  Concentration,  Motility and
           morphology were within 10%.

          LoB/LoD/LoQ

                                                    Sec 8-5

The limit of blank and detection limits were established by assaying two concentration
levels, in 5 replicates, with each of the two lots. The concentration levels were LoB: 0
106/mL, LoD: 1.8 106/mL, and LoQ: 7.2 106/mL.

Linearity and Sensitivity
The linearity and sensitivity study for Semen was performed using one analyzer and 3
lots of Cassettes to evaluate detection range. Semen samples were prepared at 9 semen
intervals ranged from low to elevated level (2 to 400 x 106/mL).
Test procedures were performed in 3 replicates per lot per concentration level and
compared with SQA-V analyzer.
The linearity and sensitivity study for pH was performed using two analyzers and 3 lots
of Cassettes to evaluate detection range. Semen samples were prepared at 13 pH intervals
ranged from pH 5.8 to 8.2.
Test procedures were performed in 3 replicates per lot per pH level and compared with
pH meter.

Analysis of results indicated Semen linear regression between device and reference
method shows mean slope above 0.95 and R2 values above 0.99. The results support the
claim that the candidate assay is linear from 2 to 350 x106/mL concentrations.
The results support the claim that the pH is linear from pH 5.8 to 8.2.

Interference
The interference study was performed using 2 concentration levels (50-100 and 100-200
x 106/mL) of semen samples and 11 interference substances. 1 analyzer and 3 lots of test
cassettes were used to perform 5 replicates per lot and compared to reference method
SQA- V Analyzer.

The study results indicate that all tested 11 interference substances meet CLSI: EP7-A2
acceptance criteria for therapeutic levels of concentration. Tested substances do not cause
significant interference.

Sample Volume
Semen Study
The specimen volume study was performed using 3 lots of test cassette, semen samples at
low and high concentrations were used to evaluate sample volumes at 35, 40 and 45 uL.
Test procedures were performed in 5 replicates, and results were compared to reference
method SQA-V Analyzer.

The study results demonstrate the CV is within 5% and the bias is within 20% for semen
concentration. All results within criteria when specimen is 35-45 μL. Thus, the minimum
sample volume is 35 μL.

pH Study
The specimen volume study was performed using 3 lots of pH test, semen sample at pH
7.8 was used to evaluate sample volumes at 30, 40, 50, 60, 70 and 80uL. Test procedures


                                      Sec 8-6

were performed in 3 replicates per analyzer, 6 replicates in  total. The results were
      compared to reference method pH meter.

      The study results demonstrate the CV is within 10% and the bias is within 10%. All
        results within criteria when specimen is 30-80 μL. Thus, the minimum sample volume is
      30 μL.

      Operated Temperature and Humidity
     Semen Study
      The operated temperature and humidity  effect study was evaluated under various
      environment factors: 15 and 38°C (59 and 100.4°F) and each with 50% and 90% relative
       humidity. Six concentration levels of Semen samples, 1 analyzer, and 3 lots of test
        cassette were used. Test procedures were performed in 5 replicates. The results were
      compared against reference method SQA-V Analyzer.

      The results indicate basis within 10% and conclude that candidate device can operate
      under the environment conditions 15-38°C (59-100.4°F) and 50-90% relative humidity.

     pH Study
      The operated temperature and humidity  effect study was evaluated under various
      environment factors: 15, 25 and 38°C (59, 77 and 100.4°F) and 50% to 90% relative
       humidity. Three pH levels of Semen samples, 1 analyzer, and 3 lots of test cassette were
       used. Test procedures were performed in 5 replicates. The results were compared against
       reference pH meter.

      The results indicate basis within 10% and conclude that candidate device can operate
      under the environment conditions 15-38°C (59-100.4°F) and 50-90% relative humidity.

      Test Strip Stability (Closed Vial)
      The closed vial test stability studies were performed for Semen Test cassette to evaluate
       the following:

      Real-Time Conditions (2 and 25°C)
      Accelerated Conditions (40°C)
      1 Analyzer, 3 lots of Test Cassette, and 3 Semen samples were used to perform the
     Semen and pH  stability study,  test measurements in 3  replicates. All  results were
      compared against reference method SQA-V Analyzer.

      The study results should demonstrate stable test cassette strip performance for 8 months
      under accelerated 40°C condition, which can estimate shelf life of test strips for 2 years at
      room temperature.

9.     Discussion of Clinical Tests Performed:

      System Accuracy Study and Layuser Performance Study


                                              Sec 8-7

The user performance study was performed to demonstrate that English speaking and
       reading lay users across all educational backgrounds can easily understand and follow the
        labeling/user instructions to obtain accurate results while using Candidate device. The
       study was also performed using Point-of-Care professionals or licensed registered nurses
        to obtain POC test findings.
      The evaluation was conducted on 106 subjects with 5 units of candidate device and
      accompanying user instructions, 100 subjects’ findings were tabulated, excluded findings
      were addressed in the study report. SQA-V Analyzer performed by POC personnel was
       used as a reference method.
      The study results demonstrate that the layperson user accuracy and ease of use (via
        participant  questionnaire  scoring)  of  Candidate  device. The  study  protocol,  user
       questionnaire and form, and study findings are attached for your review.

10.   Conclusions:

       Results of performance evaluation of LensHooke X1 Semen Quality Analyzer and
      LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer demonstrate that the candidate devises are
        substantial equivalence to the predicate device, SQA V, Sperm Quality Analyzer.


                                              Sec 8-8