CSD Labs GmbH

Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
3 Embarcadero Center
San Francisco, California 94501

Re: K181988
    Trade/Device Name: eMurmur ID
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1875
    Regulation Name: Stethoscope
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: DQD, DQC
    Dated: March 19, 2019
    Received: March 19, 2019

Dear Yarmela Pavlovic:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 3 . 0 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K181988 - Yarmela Pavlovic                                                            Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good
manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820)
for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if
applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-
1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and
Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website
(http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone
(1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                   Bram D. Zuckerman, M.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Device Evaluation
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

K181988

             DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K181988

Device Name
eMurmur ID


Indications for Use (Describe)
The eMurmur ID software system is a decision support device for the healthcare provider (the user) in the evaluation of
patient heart sounds. eMurmur ID is used to record, display, analyze, and store the acoustic signal of the heart, recorded
by means of an electronic stethoscope. The automated analysis will identify specific heart sounds that may be present,
including S1, S2, physiological heart murmurs, pathological heart murmurs and absence of a heart murmur.

eMurmur ID is indicated for use in a setting where auscultation would typically be performed by a healthcare provider. It
is not intended as a sole means of diagnosis. The heart sound interpretations offered by eMurmur ID are only significant
when considered in conjunction with healthcare provider over-read and including all other relevant patient data.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                                                                                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K181988


                                      510(k) SUMMARY

                                                 (K181988)


SPONSOR

Company name:           CSD Labs GmbH
Company address:               Nikolaiplatz 4
                           8020 Graz
                                 Austria
Contact Person:              Andreas Reinisch
Date Prepared:               March 19, 2019

DEVICE

Trade Name:               eMurmur ID
Common or usual name:       Computer Aided Auscultation, Heart Sounds Analyzer
Classification name:             Electronic Stethoscope; Phonocardiograph;
Regulation number:           21 CFR 870.1875, 870.2390
Product code:              DQD, DQC
Device class:                  Class II
Reviewing panel:               Cardiology

PREDICATE DEVICE

Company                   Product                 510(k)
Diacoustic Medical Devices     SensiCardiac Mobi       K131044 (Primary Predicate)
Discoustic Medical Devices      SensiCardiac           K121617 (Reference Device)

NDICATIONS FOR USE

The eMurmur ID software system is a decision support device for the healthcare provider (the user)
in the evaluation of patient heart sounds. eMurmur ID is used to record, display, analyze, and store
the acoustic signal of the heart, recorded by means of an electronic stethoscope. The automated
analysis will identify specific heart sounds that may be present, including S1, S2, physiological heart
murmurs, pathological heart murmurs and absence of a heart murmur.

eMurmur ID is indicated for use in a setting where auscultation would typically be performed by a
healthcare provider. It is not intended as a sole means of diagnosis. The heart sound interpretations
offered by eMurmur ID are only significant when considered in conjunction with healthcare provider
over-read and including all other relevant patient data.


DEVICE DESCRIPTION

eMurmur ID is a software system comprised of the following components:

   1.  The eMurmur ID Backend, running on a server environment, hosts the eMurmur ID Heart
      Sound Analysis Algorithm, an encrypted database for archiving patient and user information,
      and an application programming interface (API) for communication with the web portal and
       mobile application.


                                              Page 1 of 5
                                                                                       580

K181988


   2.  The eMurmur ID Mobile App, which runs on a mobile device. The app permits the following
         activities:
        a.   Electronic recording of heart sound signals via a compatible electronic stethoscope, the
           Littmann 3200
        b.   Visual and acoustic playback of heart and lung sounds
         c.   Capturing patient information
        d.   Transferring data to and from the eMurmur ID backend through a secure connection
        e.   Displaying heart sound analysis results
   3.  The eMurmur ID Web Portal, which provides the following functionalities:
        a.  Capturing and editing patient information
        b.   Displaying and editing patient encounters including heart sound analysis results
         c.   Visual and acoustic playback of heart and lung sounds
        d.  Downloading reports (PDF) and heart and lung sound recordings
        e.   Transferring data to and from the eMurmur ID backend through a secure connection

The acquisition of the acoustic data is carried out by the FDA-cleared off-the-shelf electronic
stethoscope Littmann 3200 by 3M (MN, USA) (K083903).

For heart sounds to be analyzed by the heart sound analysis algorithm, a 20 second digital recording
                                                                                are recorded
using the compatible, FDA-cleared, off-the-shelf electronic stethoscope Littmann 3200. The heart
sounds are transmitted via Bluetooth to a mobile device running the eMurmur ID mobile app. The
app then stores and sends the recorded data to the eMurmur ID backend for analysis. The results of
the heart sound analysis are returned to the app within a few seconds, where they are displayed to
the user together with the heart sound recording. The user can utilize the heart sound analysis
results and the acoustic and visual representation of the heart sound recordings as decision support
data in their decision-making process regarding the presence and type of a heart murmur.

TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

eMurmur ID has technological characteristics                       the predicate and reference
devices:
    1.  Each of the systems host a heart sound analysis algorithm, a web API and a database on a
      backend server.
    2.  Each of the systems provide the user with a mobile app, which is used to record heart
      sounds and patient information. The mobile app transfers the data to the backend through a
       secure connection and displays the analysis results to the user.
    3.  Each of the systems require an FDA-cleared off-the-shelf electronic stethoscope for the
        acquisition of the heart sounds.
    4.  Each of the devices provide similar heart sound analysis output and similar additional
       supporting information to the user.


                                              Page 2 of 5
                                                                                       581

582

                                                    the The to                                                and
                                   at    be                            by                                                                                                  record                               or                                                     software medical         Murmur    by signals                                                             may include                                                                 will heart                                                                                                                                                                                 heart                                                                               between                                                                        heart                                                                                                                                                                                        positions. analyzed                                                                                                                                                                                    murmurs.                                                   Heart                                                    the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      auscultation of                                       is that                                     and                                                                                                                        and                                  (K121617) Device)          assist                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      licensed                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 stethoscope           between                                              support              auscultation.               of                                                                                                  device                         sounds                                             app                   murmurs               to                                murmurs          electronic                                                                                                                                                                                                                     signal
                               an                                                                                                                     signal sounds                                                                                       perform                                           heart                                     acoustic                                                 The                                                                  heart                sound                                                                                                                  heart                                                                                                                                                                                                           suspected                 in     Diagnostic                                                     decision                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      provider to                electronic                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      desktop                                                                                                                                                  distinguishes      the with                         auscultation heart                                                                                                                                                                                                                       identified       a intended                                                (Reference                                                                                                      heart                                                                         of                                                                    and             is                                                                                                                                                                                                                              acoustic                                  distinguishes                                             SensiCardiac                                                   Sensi                                                                          main      S2                                                                                                                                           acoustic                                 Sensi package examiners  The Software normal/physiological pathological analyzing captured stethoscope. the four acoustic identify present, S1,                                                                                             Healthcare authorized  Yes means Windows  Yes normal/physiological pathological

             an   the                       use by the                   with                               app
             is  in     the               for or                                                             not           offered                      patient                                       on                                                                                                                                                                                 means                                         is                                                             intended                                         It                                                                        heart                                                                                                only                                                                       by mobile                                                                  or                                                                                                                                                                                                                       diagnosis.                                     and analysis                                                                                                                                                         Identified suspected                                                    as                                                                                                                     acting                                                                                                                                          sounds                                           of                                                                        are                                                                               records                                  (K131044)                                                                                                             and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 pathological                                                                                                                                                                                                                         relevant                                                                              physician                                                                                                                                                            indicated                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    conjunction                                        The                                                                                                                                                                      physician                                                                                                                                                                                 heart                                                                  Diagnostic                                                 and                                                                                                        well                                                      device,                                                             heart                                                          are                  a                                   is                                                                                                                  specific                                                  in                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      auscultation                                                                       of                                  and                          the                                                                                                                        and                                                                                                                   heart                                                                                                Mobi                                                                                                                           present.                                                    as                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      licensed                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 between               Mobi Predicate)                                                 S2,                                     by                                                                                                                                        other                                                                                                                                                                                                             physician.                                     the                                                                                                           means                 to                           Mobi                                              of                                                          who                         of    be                                   used   all                                                                                                          signals.      S1, device                                                                                                      signal                                                                                                                  identify                         sole         of                                        perform               5                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 stethoscope                                                                                          acquires                     a                                              may                                                                                                                          of                                                                                                                                                   setting,                                                                    to                                                         will                                                             3                                                                                                                                                                    licensed                                       (Primary                    auscultatory support                                                                                                    when over-read                                              provider                                           as                                                                                      signals these                    a                                                             that include The                                                                                                                                                                               personnelK181988                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                SensiCardiac                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           acoustic                                         of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Page                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            distinguishes       murmurs                                             SensiCardiac                    SensiCardiac                         product                                                 clinical                                                   interpretation                                                             provide         a              the                                                                                                                  electronic                    The electronic to     The acoustic analyzes procedure sounds sounds murmurs. in trained order intended  The by significant physician consideration data.                                     Healthcare authorized  Yes of     Yes normal/physiological heart


                                                     in
       a          an                        ID
             is             a                                                                                                             and                          of                          the                                         in                                                                                              sole                                                                                                                           sound                                                                                      display, signal                 in                                                                       by                        a                                                                  or                                                                                                                                               including                                                                                                                            automated heart                                                             use                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 healthcare                       the                                                                                                                                       murmurs, and                                                                                                                                               other                                                                                                           would                                               as                                                                    sounds.                                        system                       a                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 pathological                                                                means                                                                                                                           heart eMurmur considered provider                                                                                                                                                                                 heart                       for user)                                                                                      all                                                                           record,                                                                                              acoustic                          by                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      auscultation                                                                       of                                                                                                                        and                                  (K181988)                                                heart                     to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      licensed                                         The specific present,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 stethoscope           between                                   (the                                             by   The by when                                   the                                                                                    heart murmurs murmur.  for        ID                                                     software device              be                                                     intended                               healthcare                                                                                                                                                                                        indicated                                                                                                                                                                                   offered                   including             ID                                                                                                                                                    data.                      perform    signal                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  auscultation   not                                                                    patient used store                               heart                                                                                                      recorded                                                                                         heart                     is                                         is                                                                                                                       identify                                                may                                                                                                              with                                                                                                                                                                                                           performed                   a                                               is                                                                     provider of                                                                                                                                                                      stethoscope.                                                                                      and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      provider to                electronic                                         ID                                               It diagnosis.                                      of                     ID and                                                      support                                                           will                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     significant                                                                                                                                                                                                                patient                                             be                                                               that physiological                                                 of                                                                                                           where                                                                         of app                          eMurmur                                                                             heart,                                                                                                                                                                             acoustic                                  distinguishes       murmurs                                              eMurmur                            S2,                                   only                                      the                    The decision healthcare evaluation eMurmur analyze, of electronic analysis sounds S1, pathological absence    eMurmur setting typically provider. means interpretations are conjunction over-read relevant                     Healthcare authorized  Yes means mobile  Yes normal/physiological heart


       /
                       for                                                                                                                                                                                                   Heart                    Use                                                                                                          and Heart                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Population                                                     Intended Indications Use                                                                                             User             Acquires Records Sounds     Analyzes Sounds

583


                         of
                                                                   used.                                                                                      format           arethat                                                                              reviewing   a    of                           is                                                      desktop                                                     trial.                    are   for                   Instead                                 is                                        app data equivalence                                  (K121617) Device)                                                                                                                                            clinical    aspects Labs.                                   used              XML The
                 a                                                      Windows                                                     analysis                                   in        a also                          desktop the             a                 CSD                    and on is                                  architecture.                                                                             JSON. performance                                                                                                                                                                           regarding by                                                         uses                                                     app,                                             SensiCardiac (Reference             which                                           API                                                            Recording conducted app, auscultations.                Equivalent mobile The ofinstead algorithm demonstrated     Identical verifiable

             on for           the

                           Is                               used               uses  to                                                         are
                                     API                                                            conducted also                                                                   JSON.                   that                                  (K131044)     is                    are              The of identical               Mobi Predicate)        which                                                                         aspects                                                                                                    Labs.                                                                                             instead                                                     analysis app,                                                   algorithm
                                                             5                                                            CSD
                                                                                                                          of                    and
                                                             4                                       (Primary                                                                                                                         auscultations.                                  architecture. format with                                                                                                                                                                           regarding byK181988                                         mobile                                                     data                                                                                                                                                                         Page                                             SensiCardiac                       iOS                                                            Recording an reviewing                          Equivalent XML equipped K121617.                        Identical verifiable

                                      in
                a                       and
                                 is     a                                                                          stores                                                    portal                                        and                                          is in   the                                                                                                                  stored                             and                                        is                                              The                                     and                                                                                                                                                             access                          Web                                                     data                                 heart requests                                       user                                              ID.           data        on                                                                        other                                                                      protected                                                                                                                                                                         database database                                              no stored    only                                  (K181988)                                                                                                                   components                   backend                                           the                                                                                                                                                        traffic,                                                               the                                                is   can                                                                      API.        ID                                                                    editing                                                            the                                                                                                                                 independent.       (algorithm)                                          in                                                            recording analysis results.                                                         with eMurmur other                                        on       another            user                    for      and OS       of   web                                                                                                                                                                                                        patient-related      the             internet    data to                data                                                                     analysis             to                                                               datacenter,                    app sending                          eMurmur                             data,     analyzes                                                                                                                       information                                                                                       reviewing                                                                           database                                              Android sounds, receiving for patient    Server (database) communicates components interface REST/JSON     Encrypted the encrypted, duplicated different health              authenticate, authorized
                                                                                                                                                        Features                                                            Interface
                           User                                 Backend                                  Safety

K181988


PERFORMANCE DATA

Performance data included                                         electromagnetic
compatibility,                                    bench validation testing using existing
heart sound databases                     pivotal clinical study. The pivotal clinical study was
conducted comparing eMurmur ID to the reference device, SensiCardiac (K121617)   the
predecessor to the primary predicate, SensiCardiac Mobi (K131044), which was not yet
commercially available for comparison at the time of testing    in a prospective clinical
investigation. It verified the hypothesis that eMurmur ID can distinguish between AHA class I
(pathologic murmurs) and AHA class III heart sounds (innocent murmurs and/or no murmurs) with
a sensitivity and specificity not worse than that of the predicate device.

The study population consisted of 120 subjects across all ages where 50% had a confirmed

heart sounds were recorded by the expert physician and analyzed by both eMurmur ID and the
predicate device. The findings for both devices were compared to clinical gold standard reference,
                                       -based diagnosis, independently verified by cardiac
echocardiography.

The following table shows the results of the primary (sensitivity, specificity) and secondary
(accuracy) endpoints of the study with their respective 95% confidence intervals. The results were
compared using the 95%-Fleiss confidence interval method for paired binary data.
                     eMurmur ID             SensiCardiac
   Sensitivity (95% CI)    85.0% (72.9%-92.5%)   58.3% (44.9%-70.7%)
   Specificity (95% CI)    86.7% (74.9%-93.7%)   58.3% (44.9%-70.7%)
   Accuracy (95% CI)    85.8% (78.0%-91.3%)   58.3% (49.0%-67.2%)

The results of the study met the criteria for successfully demonstrating that eMurmur ID performance
was not worse than the predicate device. In fact, the actual study results demonstrated that the
eMurmur ID performed statistically significantly better than the predicate with respect to both
sensitivity (p=0.0014) and specificity (p=0.0009), as well as with respect to overall accuracy
(p<0.0001).

In all instances, eMurmur ID functioned as intended, and the electromagnetic compatibility, bench
testing, and clinical performance observed were as expected.

CONCLUSIONS

Performance data demonstrate that the eMurmur ID software system performs in a manner that is
                                                        , meeting the criteria that it be at least non-inferior. eMurmur ID
has the same intended uses and similar indications, technological characteristics, and principles of
operation                                      . The minor technological differences between eMurmur ID and its
predicate device raise no new questions of safety or effectiveness. Thus, eMurmur ID is
substantially equivalent.


                                              Page 5 of 5
                                                                                       584