ScreenPoint Medical BV                                      November 21, 2018
℅ Dr. Nico Karssemeijer
CEO
Stationsplein 26
Nijmegen, 6512 AB
NETHERLANDS

Re: K181704
    Trade/Device Name: TransparaTM
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2090
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Assisted Detection And Diagnosis Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QDQ
    Dated: October 17, 2018
    Received: October 19, 2018

Dear Dr. Karssemeijer:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 3 . 0 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K181704 – Dr. Nico Karssemeijer                                                        Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good
manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820)
for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if
applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-
1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and
Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website
(http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone
(1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                           Robert Ochs, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                              Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                          and Radiological Health
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.


510(k) Number (if known)
K181704

Device Name
Transpara™


Indications for Use (Describe)

The ScreenPoint Transpara™ system is intended for use as a concurrent reading aid for physicians interpreting screening
mammograms, to identify regions suspicious for breast cancer and assess their likelihood of malignancy. Output of the
device includes marks placed on suspicious soft tissue lesions and suspicious calcifications; region‐based scores,
displayed upon the physician’s query, indicating the likelihood that cancer is present in specific regions; and an overall
score indicating the likelihood that cancer is present on the mammogram. Patient management decisions should not be
made solely on the basis of analysis by Transpara™.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Volume 1, 007_510k_Summary                                Page 1 of 9


510(k) Summary Transpara™
K181704
This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is prepared in accordance
with the requirements of 21 CFR § 807.92.


1. Submitter

Manufacturer:

ScreenPoint Medical BV

Stationsplein 26

6512 AB Nijmegen

The Netherlands

www.screenpoint-medical.com


Contact person:

Nico Karssemeijer

Office: +31 24 2020027 | +31 24 2020020

Mobile: +31 6 13508596

Stationsplein 26, 6512AB, Nijmegen, The Netherlands


Date:

November 18, 2018

Volume 1, 007_510k_Summary                           Page 2 of 9

2. Device

 Device trade name           Transpara™
 Device                         Radiological Computer Assisted Detection and
                               Diagnosis Software
 Classification regulation       21 CFR 892.2090
 Panel                        Radiology
 Device class                                II
 Product code           QDQ
 Submission type                 Traditional 510(k)


3. Legally marketed predicate device


 Device trade name            OsteoDetect
 Legal Manufacturer           Imagen Technologies, Inc.
 Device                         Radiological Computer Assisted Detection and
                               Diagnosis Software
 Classification regulation       21 CFR 892.2090
 Panel                        Radiology
 Device class                                II
 Product code            QBS


4. Device description

Transpara™ is a software-only device for aiding radiologists with the detection and
diagnosis of breast cancer in mammograms. The product consists of a processing server
and an optional viewer. The software applies algorithms for recognition of suspicious
calcifications and soft tissue lesions, which are trained with large databases of biopsy
proven examples of breast cancer, benign lesions and normal tissue. Processing results
of Transpara™ can be transmitted to external destinations, such as medical imaging
workstations or archives, using the DICOM mammography CAD SR protocol. This allows
PACS workstations to implement the interface of Transpara™ in mammography reading
applications.

Transpara™ automatically processes mammograms and the output of the device can be
used by radiologists concurrently with the reading of mammograms. The user interface of
Transpara™ has different functions:


TransparaTM 510(k) Submission

Volume 1, 007_510k_Summary                           Page 3 of 9


   a) Activation of computer aided detection (CAD) marks to highlight locations where
      the device detected suspicious calcifications or soft tissue lesions. Only the most
      suspicious soft tissue lesions are marked to achieve a very low false positive rate.
   b) Regions can be queried using a pointer for interactive decision support. When the
       location of the queried region corresponds with a finding of Transpara™ a
      suspiciousness level of the region computed by the algorithms in the device is
       displayed. When Transpara™ has identified a corresponding region in another
      view of the same breast this corresponding region is also displayed to minimize
       interactions required from the user.
    c) Display of the exam based Transpara™ Score which categorizes exams on a scale
       of 1-10 with increasing likelihood of cancer.

Transpara™ is configured as a DICOM node in a network and receives its input images
from another DICOM node, such as a mammography device or a PACS archive. The
image analysis unit includes machine learning components trained to detect calcifications
and soft tissue lesions and a component to pre-process images in such a way that images
from different vendors can be processed by the same algorithms

5. Indications for use

Transpara™ is a software medical device for use in a healthcare facility or hospital with
the following indications for use:

The ScreenPoint TransparaTM system is intended for use as a concurrent reading aid for
physicians interpreting screening mammograms, to identify regions suspicious for breast
cancer and assess their likelihood of malignancy. Output of the device includes marks
placed on suspicious soft tissue lesions and suspicious calcifications; region‐based
scores, displayed upon the physician’s query, indicating the likelihood that cancer is
present in specific regions; and an overall score indicating the likelihood that cancer is
present on the mammogram. Patient management decisions should not be made solely
on the basis of analysis by Transpara™.

Intended user population

Intended users of TransparaTM are physicians qualified to read screening mammograms.

Intended patient population

The device is intended to be used in the population of women undergoing screening
mammography.

Warnings and precautions


TransparaTM 510(k) Submission

Volume 1, 007_510k_Summary                           Page 4 of 9


Transpara™ is an adjunct tool and not intended to replace a physicians’ own review of a
mammogram. Decisions should not be made solely based on analysis by Transpara™.

6. Predicate device comparison

The indication for use of Transpara™ is similar to that of the predicate device. Both
devices are intended to be used by clinicians interpreting radiological images, to help them
with localizing and characterizing abnormalities. The devices are both intended to be used
concurrently with the reading of images and are not intended as a replacement for the
review of a clinician or their clinical judgement.

The indication for use of Transpara™ and the predicate device differ in the disease
specific findings the devices detect, the type of medical images the devices process, and
the intended patient population. However, these differences do not raise new questions
regarding safety and effectiveness of the device when used as labeled.

The overall design of Transpara™ is similar to that of the predicate device. Differences in
technological characteristics of Transpara™ and the predicate device do not raise
different questions of safety and effectiveness.

7. Summary of non-clinical performance data

In the design and development of Transpara™, ScreenPoint applied the following
voluntary FDA recognized standards:

 Standard ID      Standard Title                   FDA Recognition #

 ISO 14971:2007   Medical Devices  - Application Of Risk  5-40
                Management To Medical Devices

 IEC 62304:2015   Medical Device Software - Software Life  13-79
                  Cycle Processes

 DEN180005       Evaluation   of   automatic   class     III  N/A
                    designation for OsteoDetect – Decision
               summary with special controls


The following guidance documents were used to support this submission:

   •  Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Guidance for the Content of Premarket
      Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices (Issued on May 11, 2005)


TransparaTM 510(k) Submission

Volume 1, 007_510k_Summary                           Page 5 of 9


   •  Computer-Assisted Detection Devices Applied to Radiology Images and
      Radiology Device Data – Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submissions (Issued on
       July 3, 2012)
   •  Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Clinical Performance Assessment:
      Considerations for Computer-Assisted Detection Devices Applied to Radiology
     Images and Radiology Device Data - Premarket Approval (PMA) and Premarket
       Notification [510(k)] Submissions (Issued on July 3, 2012)

Software performance testing
Transpara™ is a software-only device. The level of concern for the device is determined
as Moderate Level of Concern.

Verification testing consisted of software unit testing, software integration testing and
software system testing. The purpose of the verification test was to assure that the
software application satisfied the software requirements.

Validation testing consisted of determining stand-alone performance of the algorithms in
Transpara™ using a multi-vendor testset of mammograms acquired from multiple centers
in multiple EU countries. This test dataset was not used for training of Transpara™
algorithms and included mammograms of asymptomatic women acquired with devices
from four manufacturers: Hologic, GE, Philips and Siemens. Sensitivity and specificity of
the CADe marks for detection of malignant calcification groups and soft tissue lesions
were determined with 95% confidence intervals obtained by bootstrapping. Sensitivity for
calcifications was 94.1 (90.6-97.1) with a false positive rate of 0.23 (0.22-0.25) marks per
image. For soft tissue lesions sensitivity was 72.0 (67.4-76.5) with a false positive rate of
0.033 (0.028-0.037) marks per image.

The Transpara™ Score indicates the likelihood that a mammographically visible cancer
is present in an exam. The score combines the results of the Transpara™ algorithms. The
score is calibrated in such a way that the number of screening mammograms in each
category  is approximately equal. The figure shows that in the independent testing
database 78% of exams with screen-detected cancers fall in category 10, while very few
occur in the lowest categories (Fig. 1)


TransparaTM 510(k) Submission

Volume 1, 007_510k_Summary                           Page 6 of 9


Figure1: The Transpara™ Score indicates the likelihood that a mammographically visible cancer is present in an exam.
The graph shows that in the testing database over 78% of exams with cancers fall in category 10, while very few occur
in the lowest categories.

Transpara™ operates on “FOR PRESENTATION’ images from different manufacturers.
Since manufacturers use different proprietary processing algorithms, which may evolve
over time or have flavors which can be selected by the user, the performance of the
Transpara™ detection algorithms should not be affected by differences  in image
processing methods applied by manufacturers. In addition, algorithms should be able to
work with images that have a different pixel spacing. Stability tests have been performed
to verify that performance of Transpara™ remains stable when processing and pixel
spacing varies.

Based on results of verification and validation tests  it is concluded that Transpara™ is
effective in the detection of soft lesions and calcifications at an appropriate safety level in
mammograms acquired with mammography devices for which the software has been
validated.

8. Summary of clinical tests

A pivotal reader study has been conducted to determine whether the performance of
radiologists in detecting breast cancer in mammograms increases when they use the
Transpara™, compared  to when  they read mammograms  unaided. The  primary
effectiveness endpoint of the study is a significant increase of area under the ROC (AUC).
The following guidance document was used to design and conduct the study:

   •  Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Clinical Performance Assessment:
      Considerations for Computer-Assisted Detection Devices Applied to Radiology
     Images and Radiology Device Data - Premarket Approval (PMA) and Premarket
       Notification [510(k)] Submissions (Issued on July 3, 2012)


TransparaTM 510(k) Submission

Volume 1, 007_510k_Summary                           Page 7 of 9


In the study, both conditions are tested with a balanced fully-crossed multi-reader multicase (MRMC) retrospective study. Study outcomes are comparisons of area under the
receiver operating characteristic curve, sensitivity and specificity, and reading time.

In the study fourteen MQSA qualified radiologists read 240 cases twice, once with and
once without Transpara™, with a washout period of one month or more in between. The
reader study was conducted in the United States. The study set contained  digital
mammograms of asymptomatic women that were retrospectively collected at two clinical
centers using Lorad Selenia (Hologic) and Mammomat Inspiration devices. The selected
cases consisted of series of consecutive samples. The study set included 100 cases with
cancer, 40 false positive recalls from screening, and 100 normal exams.

Reading was performed using a setting similar to a screening procedure in the United
States. All readers completed the reading sessions as scheduled following the study
protocol. There were no adverse events reported in the clinical reader study.

Statistical analysis of the MRMC study was done using analysis of variance models that
take repeated measures into account.

Results showed that radiologists significantly improved their detection performance when
using Transpara™, with the average AUC increasing from 0.866 to 0.886 (+0.020, 95%
CI = 0.010 – 0.030, P=0.0019). (Figure 2). Per reader, the changes in AUC ranged from -
0.3% to +5.4%, being higher with Transpara™ for twelve out of the fourteen radiologists
(equal AUC for one reader and decrease of 0.3% with Transpara™ for another).


Figure 2. Average ROC performance of the readers under both reading conditions (left), and AUC performance of the
individual readers in aided and unaided condition (right). In the ROC plot the operating point computed with the BIRADS ≥3 criterion is shown.


TransparaTM 510(k) Submission

Volume 1, 007_510k_Summary                           Page 8 of 9


Analysis by lesion type was performed by only including the True and False positive
exams of the given type in the evaluation. Performance was higher with Transpara™
whether reading cases with soft tissue lesions or reading cases with calcifications. For
soft tissue lesions, the AUC increased from 0.886 to 0.902 (mean difference = +0.016,
standard error = 0.007), while for calcifications, the AUC was 0.878 in the unaided and
0.898 in the aided mode (mean difference = +0.020, standard error = 0.012).

On average, reading time per case was similar in the unaided sessions (146 s, 95% CI:
143-149 s) and the sessions with Transpara™ (149 s, 95% CI: 146-152 s). Reading time
increased for nine out of fourteen radiologists (range 0.5-10%) while it decreased for five
(range 0.3%-22%)

The standalone breast cancer detection performance of TransparaTM was observed to
approach the average performance of the  clinical study radiologists when reading
mammograms unaided (radiologists’ AUC = 0.866 versus Transpara™ AUC=0.887).
Compared to each individual radiologist, Transpara™ had higher AUC (range 1.5-9.3%)
than eleven out of the fourteen radiologists, and lower AUC than the other 3 (range 1.7-
4.7%).


Figure 3. Comparison of ROC curves between the radiologists (reading mammograms unaided,  left individual
radiologists, right shows the average of the 14 radiologists) and Transpara™ as a stand-alone. Radiologists’ operating
points at BI-RADS 3 thresholds are indicated with the circle markers. Op. pt. iindicates the mean operating point of the
radiologists.


Discussion

The primary endpoint of the clinical study was met. With the use of device AUC of the
readers increase significantly (p=0.0019). Secondary descriptive analyses show that the


TransparaTM 510(k) Submission

Volume 1, 007_510k_Summary                           Page 9 of 9


impact of Transpara™ on radiologists’ performance depends negligibly on lesion type,
image type and used workflow, while there is not an increase in reading time.

In conclusion, study results provide evidence for safety and effectiveness of Transpara™.
With use of the device it is likely that false positives and false negatives are reduced. A
decrease in false positives and false negative was also found in the clinical test performed
with the predicate device, in a study with similar design. Therefore, the outcome of the
clinical study supports substantial equivalence of Transpara™ with the predicate device.

9. Conclusions

The data presented in this 510(k) includes all required information to support the review
by FDA. Non-clinical and clinical performance tests demonstrate that Transpara™ is safe
and effective.

One difference with the predicate device is a difference in the indications for use, because
it detects different disease specific findings in different radiological images. The risks
associated with use of the device are comparable because they are both intended to be
used in a similar same way as aid for the clinician. Main risks are related to false positives
and false negatives of the devices and these are mitigated by special controls defined in
DEN180005.

Results of the primary analysis of the clinical test demonstrate that use of Transpara™
improves detection of breast cancer in mammograms. Hypothesis testing was not prespecified for secondary analyses. Descriptively, improvement was observed to depend
negligibly on lesion type and reading time was not observed to increase with the use of
Transpara™. In addition, sensitivity of the readers tended to increase with the use of
Transpara™ without decreasing specificity. Finally, in standalone testing, Transpara™
breast cancer detection performance was observed to approach the average performance
of the clinical study radiologists when reading mammograms unaided.

ScreenPoint has applied a risk management process in accordance with FDA recognized
standards to identify, evaluate, and mitigate all known hazards related to Transpara™.
These hazards may occur when accuracy of diagnosis is potentially affected, causing
either false-positives or false-negatives. All identified risks are effectively mitigated and it
can be concluded that the residual risk is outweighed by the benefits.

Considering all data in this submission, the data provided in this 510(k) supports the safe
and effective use of Transpara™ for its indications for use and substantial equivalence to
the predicate device.


TransparaTM 510(k) Submission