Mirada Medical Ltd.

Responsible Third Party Official
Regulatory Technology Services, LLC
1394 25th Street, NW
BUFFALO MN 55313


Re: K181572
    Trade/Device Name: Workflow Box
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QKB

Dear Mr. Job:

The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is sending this letter to notify you of an administrative change
related to your previous substantial equivalence (SE) determination letter dated (07.10.2018). Specifically,
FDA is updating this SE Letter because FDA has created a new product code to better categorize your device
technology.

Please note that the 510(k) submission was not re-reviewed. For questions regarding this letter please contact
Julie Sullivan, OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health, 240-402-4973,
Julie.Sullivan@fda.hhs.gov.


                                                Sincerely,


                                              Thalia T. Mills
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

Mirada Medical Ltd.                                      July 10th, 2018
  Mr. Mark Job
Responsible Third Party Official
Regulatory Technology Services, LLC
1394 25th Street, NW
BUFFALO MN 55313

Re: K181572
    Trade/Device Name: Workflow Box
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class:  II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: June 12, 2018
    Received: June 14, 2018

Dear Mr. Job:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual
registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding
and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties.
We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803); good
manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820);
and if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR
1000-1050.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 2 . 1 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

Page 2  Mr. Mark Job                                                       K181572


Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm for the CDRH's
Office of Surveillance and Biometrics/Division of Postmarket Surveillance.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and
Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website
(http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone
(1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                  for
                                           Robert Ochs, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                              Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                          and Radiological Health
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K181572
Device Name
Workflow Box
Indications for Use (Describe)
Workflow Box is a software system designed to allow users to route DICOM-compliant data to and from automated
processing components. Supported modalities include CT, MR, RTSTRUCT
Workflow Box includes processing components for automatically contouring imaging data using deformable image
registration to support atlas based contouring, re-contouring of the same patient and machine learning based contouring.
Workflow Box is a data routing and image processing tool which automatically applies contours to data which is sent to
one or more of the included image processing workflows. Contours generated by Workflow Box may be used as an input
to clinical workflows including, but not limited to, radiation therapy treatment planning.
Workflow Box must be used in conjunction with appropriate software to review and edit results generated automatically
by Workflow Box components, for example image visualization software must be used to facilitate the review and edit of
contours generated by Workflow Box component applications.
Workflow Box is intended to be used by trained medical professionals.
Workflow Box is not intended to automatically detect lesions.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

Mirada Medical Ltd, Oxford Centre for Innovation,
                                                                           New Road, Oxford, OX1 1BY, UK Tel: +44 (0)1865
                                                                                              261410
                                                                                                             Registered in England Company Number 6515901
                                                                                       VAT NO: 939 6451 81

510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

       Date of summary:                9th July 2018

       Submitter’s name:           Mirada Medical Ltd

       Submitter’s address:          Oxford Centre for Innovation, New Road, Oxford.
                                       Oxfordshire,
                             OX1 1BY United Kingdom

       Submitter’s contact:         Gwilym Owen

       Telephone number:          +44 (0)1865 261410


       Device Proprietary Name:     Workflow BoxTM (including DLCExpert™, Embrace:CT™,
                                Embrace:MR™, Re:Contour™)

       Device Common Name(s):     Workflow Box

        Classification Name:           Class II: Picture Archiving and Communications System

                                     (892.2050) Product Code: LLZ


       Workflow Box is Substantially Equivalent to the following Legally Marketed device:

       Predicate Devices

        510(k) Number   Trade Name                Manufacturer
       K130393         Mirada RTx                 Mirada Medical Ltd.


Intended Use

Workflow Box is a system designed to allow users to route DICOM-compliant data to and from
automated processing components.

Workflow Box includes processing components for automatically contouring imaging data using
deformable image registration and machine learning based algorithms.
Workflow Box must be used in conjunction with appropriate software to review and edit results
generated automatically by Workflow Box components, for example image visualization software
must be used to facilitate the review and edit of contours generated by Workflow Box component
applications.

Workflow Box is not intended to automatically detect lesions.


Device Description

Workflow Box is a software application that enables the routing of image data and structures to
automatic image processing workflows, including atlas based contouring, image registration based
re-contouring and machine learning based contouring.


 Copyright © Mirada Medical Ltd, 2018                                                 Page 1 of 5

Mirada Medical Ltd, Oxford Centre for Innovation,
                                                                           New Road, Oxford, OX1 1BY, UK Tel: +44 (0)1865
                                                                                              261410
                                                                                                             Registered in England Company Number 6515901
                                                                                       VAT NO: 939 6451 81


Workflow Box data routing and contouring workflows support CT, MR and RTSTRUCT image data and
structures. Workflow Box supports the routing of data to and from DICOM nodes within a hospital
network.

Once data is routed to the auto contouring workflows there is no user interaction required and no
user interface for visualizing image data. The configuration of workflows and data routing rules are
managed via an administration interface.

Workflow Box must be used in conjunction with appropriate software to review and edit results
generated automatically by Workflow Box components. Image visualization software, such as a
treatment planning system, must be used to facilitate the review and edit of contours generated by
Workflow Box component applications.


Indications for Use

Workflow Box is a software system designed to allow users to route DICOM-compliant data to and
from automated processing components. Supported modalities include CT, MR, RTSTRUCT

Workflow Box includes processing components for automatically contouring imaging data using
deformable image registration to support atlas based contouring, re-contouring of the same patient
and machine learning based contouring.

Workflow Box is a data routing and image processing tool which automatically applies contours to
data which is sent to one or more of the included image processing workflows. Contours generated
by Workflow Box may be used as an input to clinical workflows including, but not limited to,
radiation therapy treatment planning.

Workflow Box must be used in conjunction with appropriate software to review and edit results
generated automatically by Workflow Box components, for example image visualization software
must be used to facilitate the review and edit of contours generated by Workflow Box component
applications.

Workflow Box is intended to be used by trained medical professionals.

Workflow Box is not intended to automatically detect lesions.


Comparison of Indications for Use with Predicate Device

Both the proposed device and the predicate device are software devices designed to be used by
trained medical professionals within a hospital environment and are indicated for the creation of
contours for use in clinical workflows including radiation therapy treatment planning.

The proposed device and the predicate device both utilize deformable image registration to support
one or more of the workflows they perform and facilitate the transformation of region of interest
structures/Contours.

The proposed and predicate device both allow the clinician to load existing contour sets and
associated planning volumes and transform them to a new planning volume using rigid and non-rigid
registration as part of a re-planning/re-contouring workflow.

The proposed and predicate device both utilize an atlas based technique for the automated
delineation of structures on CT.


 Copyright © Mirada Medical Ltd, 2018                                                 Page 2 of 5

Mirada Medical Ltd, Oxford Centre for Innovation,
                                                                                 New Road, Oxford, OX1 1BY, UK Tel: +44 (0)1865
                                                                                                     261410
                                                                                                                      Registered in England Company Number 6515901
                                                                                              VAT NO: 939 6451 81


    The proposed and predicate device are both designed to interoperate via DICOM objects and
     networking with other DICOM capable devices such as PACS and Radiation Treatment Planning
     Systems.

    The predicate device is intended to display and visualize image data and enables a comparison of
     image data by the user, whereas the proposed device does not facilitate the display or visualization
     of data by the user.

    The review and editing of contouring results can be performed within the predicate device where a
      different image visualization system is needed to perform the review and edit of contours generated
     by the proposed device, however both the predicate and proposed device require users to confirm
    and review output in a different system. The proposed device is intended for a sub-set of the
     intended use of the predicate device where the image visualization and comparison purpose of the
     predicate device is not applicable to the proposed device.

     Therefore, the intended use of the proposed device is substantially equivalent to the predicate
     device, excepting the image visualization features in the predicate device which are not applicable to
     the proposed device.


    Comparison of Technological Characteristics with Predicate Device

Characteristic        Workflow Box                             predicate

                                                  Any patient type for whom relevant modality
Target Population     Any patient type for whom relevant
                                                         scan data is available.
                    modality scan data is available.

Where Used           Clinical/Hospital environment             Clinical/Hospital environment

Energy Used and/or   None – software only application. The  None – software only application. The software
Delivered            software application does not deliver    application(s) do not deliver or depend on energy
                    or depend on energy delivered to or     delivered to or from patients
                  from patients

Human Factors       Designed to be used by trained         Designed to be used by trained clinicians
                        clinicians

Design: Data         None – the proposed device has no data    Yes
Visualisation/Graphic   visualization functionality. All data
al User Interface       processing is automated and does not
                       require user interaction. A control
                         interface is provided for system
                       administration and configuration only.

Design: View         None – Not applicable                 Window and level, pan, zoom, cross-hairs, slice
manipulation and                                                    navigation.
Volume rendering
                                                Maximum or minimum intensity projection (MIP),
                                                        volume rendering, color rendering, surface rendering,
                                                                    multi-planar reconstruction (MPR), fused views,
                                                                          gallery views.

Design: Image          Registration for the purposes of re-        Manual and Landmark Rigid. Automatic multi-modal
registration            planning/re-contouring and atlas based       rigid. Mono-modal and multi-modal deformable
                       contouring. The algorithms used for image


       Copyright © Mirada Medical Ltd, 2018                                                 Page 3 of 5

Mirada Medical Ltd, Oxford Centre for Innovation,
                                                                                 New Road, Oxford, OX1 1BY, UK Tel: +44 (0)1865
                                                                                                     261410
                                                                                                                      Registered in England Company Number 6515901
                                                                                              VAT NO: 939 6451 81


                         registration are the same for both            registration. Motion correction in hybrid scans and
                       predicate and proposed devices.           gated scans.


                                                                     Registration for the purposes of re-planning/recontouring and atlas based contouring.

Regions and Volumes   Atlas Based contouring, registration based  2D and 3D ROIs, semi-automatic ROI definition, isoof interest (ROI)        re-contouring, machine learning based      contour ROIs using threshold and percentage of
                      contouring                          maximum, one-click seed-pointing contouring, manual
                                                           ROI manipulation, ROI transformation, Atlas-based
                                                                   contouring.

Design:             None – not applicable                         Intensity, Hounsfield units, activity and SUV
Region/volume of                                          measurements including min, max, mean, peak,
interest                                                        standard deviation, total glycolytic activity, median,
measurements and                                               histogram, max and mean ratio to reference region.
size measurements                                           Gray for RT Dose.


                                                                        Size measurements include 2D and 3D measurements
                                                                     including rulers and volume, line profile.

Design:             None – not applicable                     Regions table with charting supports analysis of
Region/Volume                                           measurement over multiple studies using standard
Quantification                                                     protocols such as RECIST, PERCIST and WHO


Design: Supported      CT, MR, DICOM RTSTRUCT for image          Static and gated CT and PET, and static MR, SPECT,
modalities             processing                        NM, DICOM RT


                   Any valid DICOM data for data routing

Design: Reporting      Supports routing and distribution of        Yes– Distribution of DICOM compliant Images into
and data routing       images to other DICOM nodes including to   other DICOM compliant systems.
                    custom executables determined by the
                                                                              Built-in basic reporting
                         user.

Compatibility with     Compatible with data from any DICOM      Compatible with data from any DICOM compliant
the environment and   compliant scanners for the applicable       scanners for the applicable modalities.
other devices           modalities.
                                                             Compatible with Microsoft Windows
                     Compatible with Microsoft Windows
                                                                     Integration with Mirada DBx application launcher and
                        Integration with Mirada DBx application     data browser
                      launcher and data browser

Communications/      TCP/IP and SCP                           TCP/IP and SCP
Networking
                       Server based application supporting
Computer platform &                                           Workstation and Server based application supporting
                       Microsoft Windows 10 (64-bit) and
operating system                                       Windows Server 2008 R2, SP1 and Windows 7 (64-bit)
                       Microsoft Windows Server 2016.


       Copyright © Mirada Medical Ltd, 2018                                                 Page 4 of 5

Mirada Medical Ltd, Oxford Centre for Innovation,
                                                                           New Road, Oxford, OX1 1BY, UK Tel: +44 (0)1865
                                                                                              261410
                                                                                                             Registered in England Company Number 6515901
                                                                                       VAT NO: 939 6451 81


The predicate device and Workflow Box are both standalone software applications for medical
image processing. Both devices process DICOM image data and include design features to enable
automatic delineation of contours on input image data.

Both the proposed device and the predicate device utilize algorithms to automatically generate
region of interest structures/contours. Both devices utilize image registration for the purposes of
atlas based contouring and re-contouring.

The automatic image processing tools are the same in both devices where image registration is used
to apply contours to image data.

In addition to automatic image processing, the predicate device offers manual image manipulation,
processing and quantification tools which are not applicable to Workflow Box.

Both devices are compatible with the same use environments and utilize the same networking
technology and operate on similar operating systems.

Workflow Box offers a sub-set of the automated image processing technical features presented by
the predicate device. These features are substantially equivalent to the predicate device and do not
present any addition or new risks when compared to the predicate device.


Testing

Workflow Box is validated and verified against its user needs and intended use by the successful
execution of planned performance, functional and algorithmic testing included in this submission.
The results of performance, functional and algorithmic testing demonstrate that Workflow Box
meets the user needs and requirements of the device, which are demonstrated to be substantially
equivalent to those of the listed predicate device.

Verification and Validation for Workflow Box has been carried out in compliance with the
requirements of CFR 21 Part 820 and in adherence to the DICOM standard.


Conclusion

In conclusion, performance testing demonstrates that Workflow Box is substantially equivalent to,
and performs at least as safely and effectively as the listed predicate device. Workflow Box meets
requirements for safety and effectiveness and does not introduce any new potential safety risks.


 Copyright © Mirada Medical Ltd, 2018                                                 Page 5 of 5