Vital Images, Inc.                                      November 20, 2018
Susan Atwood
Principal Quality Engineer
5850 Opus Parkway, Suite 300
MINNETONKA, MN 55343-4414

Re: K181247
    Trade/Device Name:  Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture Archiving And Communications System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: October 23, 2018
    Received: October 24, 2018

Dear Susan Atwood:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 3 . 0 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K181247 - Susan Atwood                                                               Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good
manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820)
for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if
applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-
1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and
Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website
(http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone
(1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                           Robert A. Ochs, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                              Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                          and Radiological Health
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.


510(k) Number (if known)
K181247

Device Name
Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion


Indications for Use (Describe)
Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion is a non-invasive post-processing application designed to evaluate areas of brain perfusion. The
software can calculate cerebral blood flow (CBF), cerebral blood volume (CBV), local bolus timing (i.e., delay of tissue
response, time to peak), and mean transit time (MTT) from dynamic CT image data acquired after the injection of contrast
media. The package also allows the calculation of regions of interest and mirrored regions, as well as the visual inspection
of time density curves. Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion supports the physician in visualizing the apparent blood perfusion in
brain tissue affected by acute stroke. Areas of decreased perfusion, as is observed in acute cerebral infarcts, appear as
areas of changed signal intensity (lower for both CBF and CBV and higher for time to peak and MTT).


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Vitrea® CT Brain Perfusion
                                                        Traditional 510(k) Pre-market Notification


510K Summary
This 510(k) summary is submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 C.F.R. Part
807.92(c).

                                Vital Images, Inc. hereby submits this traditional 510(k) to provide a
 Basis for the
                               notification submission for proposed software changes in the already
 Submission:
                          510(k) cleared Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion software (K121213).
                                Vital Images, Inc.
 Submitter:            5850 Opus Parkway, Suite 300
                         Minnetonka, MN, 55343-4414, USA

 Establishment
                      2134213
 Registration:
                      Susan Atwood
                             Principal Quality Engineer
                       Phone: 952-487-9759
                         Fax: 952-487-9510
                            E-mail: satwood@vitalimages.com

 Contact Person:
                          Alternate Contact Person:
                         Vince Swenson
                             Sr. Director of Quality and Regulatory
                       Phone: 952-487-9548
                         Fax: 952-487-9510
                            E-mail: vswenson@vitalimages.com

 510(k) Type:              Traditional

 Summary Date:       May 8, 2018

 Device Trade Name:     Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion

 Device Common
 Name/ Regulatory       Picture Archiving and Communications System
 Description:
 Device Classification
                        System, Image Processing, Radiological
 Name:

 Regulation Number:    21 CFR 892.2050

 Product Code:        LLZ

 Regulatory
                         Class II
 Classification:

 Device Panel:          Radiology


                       009_ 510(k) Summary                   Page: 009-1 (of 10)

Vitrea® CT Brain Perfusion
                                                        Traditional 510(k) Pre-market Notification


Predicate Device
 Predicate Device          Manufacturer                  FDA 510(k) Number
                                    Vital Images, Inc.
 Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion    5850 Opus Parkway, Suite 300
                                                         K121213
 software                    Minnetonka, MN 55343
                     USA

Reference Device
 Reference Device          Manufacturer                  FDA 510(k) Number
                           Olea Medical
                         93 Avenue Des Sorbiers,
 Olea Sphere V3.0                                          K152602
                         Zone Athelia Iv
                         La Ciotat, FR 13600

Device Description
Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion is a noninvasive post-processing software that calculates cerebral
blood flow (CBF), cerebral blood volume (CBV), local bolus timing (i.e., delay of tissue
response, time to peak), and mean transit time (MTT) from dynamic CT image data.  It
displays time density curves, perfusion characteristics in perfusion and summary maps, as
well as regions of interest and mirrored regions.

Intended Use / Indications for Use
Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion is a non-invasive post-processing application designed to evaluate
areas of brain perfusion. The software can calculate cerebral blood flow (CBF), cerebral blood
volume (CBV), local bolus timing (i.e., delay of tissue response, time to peak), and mean transit
time (MTT) from dynamic CT image data acquired after the injection of contrast media. The
package also allows the calculation of regions of interest and mirrored regions, as well as the
visual inspection of time density curves. Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion supports the physician in
visualizing the apparent blood perfusion in brain tissue affected by acute stroke. Areas of
decreased perfusion, as is observed in acute cerebral infarcts, appear as areas of changed signal
intensity (lower for both CBF and CBV and higher for time to peak and MTT).

Intended for Disease / Condition / Patient Population
Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion is intended for patients with suspected compromised or abnormal
cerebral blood flow.

Key Changes from last 510k clearance K121213
The following list contains the key changes since the last 510k. These changes were made to
enhance user experience and performance:
    •   Addition of Bayesian algorithm.
    •  Enhancements to Region-of-Interest tools (ROI) tools.
    •   Optimized layouts to include 4-up and 6-up views.
    •   Support for loading variable time scans for multi-series studies in 2D.
    •   Support for Jog and Helical Shuttle Thin Slice Brain Perfusion datasets from Canon
        (formerly Toshiba) Aquilion Prime Scanners.
    •   Support for Thick Slice “Jog Shuttle” from Philips Scanners (2D Perfusion).
    •   Support of 2D perfusion for thick slice irregular helical Siemens & GE scans.
                       009_ 510(k) Summary                   Page: 009-2 (of 10)

Vitrea® CT Brain Perfusion
                                                        Traditional 510(k) Pre-market Notification


    •   Increased the number of slices allowed per time series for GE & Siemens Helical Shuttle
       Scans.
    •   Support for DSA for Jog and Helical datasets.
    •  Enhancements to 4D thin slice to support axial and helical GE scans and helical Siemens
       scans.
    •   Addition of 3D Summary Map view

Regulatory Comparison
                         Subject        Predicate      Reference
                        Device         Device         Device
                           Vitrea CT
                                            Vitrea CT    Characteristic         Brain                                  Comparison
                                          Brain       Olea Sphere
                        Perfusion
                                        Perfusion    V3.0 (K152602)
                       with Bayesian
                                       (K121213)
                        Algorithm
 Classification Name    System, Image  System, Image   System, Image  Same
                        Processing,      Processing,      Processing,
                         Radiological     Radiological      Radiological

 Regulatory Number    892.2050       892.2050        892.2050     Same

 Product Code        LLZ           LLZ           LLZ         Same
 Classification          Class II         Class II         Class II       Same
 Review Panel         Radiology       Radiology      Radiology      Same
 Decision Date        Under Review   Nov. 02, 2012    Mar. 03, 2016   Predicate and
                                                                           reference
                                                                         devices are
                                                                               cleared.

Indications for Use Comparison with the Predicate Device

                    Subject Device               Predicate Device
   Criteria                                                       Comparison
                Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion       Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion
               with Bayesian Algorithm             (K121213)
 Indications   Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion is a    Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion is a   Same
 for Use      non-invasive post-processing     non-invasive post-processing
               application designed to           application designed to
              evaluate areas of brain           evaluate areas of brain
               perfusion. The software can      perfusion. The software can
               calculate cerebral blood flow      calculate cerebral blood flow
             (CBF), cerebral blood volume    (CBF), cerebral blood volume
             (CBV), local bolus timing (i.e.,    (CBV), local bolus timing (i.e.,
              delay of tissue response, time    delay of tissue response, time
                to peak), and mean transit time   to peak), and mean transit time
            (MTT) from dynamic CT image   (MTT) from dynamic CT image
              data acquired after the injection  data acquired after the injection
                of contrast media. The package   of contrast media. The package
              also allows the calculation of     also allows the calculation of
              regions of interest and mirrored   regions of interest and mirrored
               regions, as well as the visual     regions, as well as the visual
               inspection of time density         inspection of time density
              curves. Vitrea CT Brain          curves. Vitrea CT Brain
                       009_ 510(k) Summary                   Page: 009-3 (of 10)

Vitrea® CT Brain Perfusion
                                                        Traditional 510(k) Pre-market Notification


                    Subject Device               Predicate Device
   Criteria                                                       Comparison
                Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion       Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion
               with Bayesian Algorithm             (K121213)
              Perfusion supports the           Perfusion supports the
              physician in visualizing the       physician in visualizing the
             apparent blood perfusion in      apparent blood perfusion in
               brain tissue affected by acute     brain tissue affected by acute
               stroke. Areas of decreased       stroke. Areas of decreased
               perfusion, as is observed in       perfusion, as is observed in
             acute cerebral infarcts, appear   acute cerebral infarcts, appear
             as areas of changed signal      as areas of changed signal
                intensity (lower for both CBF      intensity (lower for both CBF
            and CBV and higher for time to   and CBV and higher for time to
            peak and MTT).               peak and MTT).
 Intended     Qualified healthcare              Qualified healthcare          Same
 Users        professionals including, but not   professionals including, but not
                restricted to, radiologists, non-    restricted to, radiologists, nonradiology specialists,             radiology specialists,
              physicians and technologists.     physicians and technologists.
 Patient      Patients with suspected          Patients with suspected       Same
 Population  compromised or abnormal      compromised or abnormal
               cerebral blood flow.              cerebral blood flow.
 Modality   CT                     CT                     Same
 Support

Similarities in Technology with the Predicate Device

                                   Subject Device        Predicate
                                                       Device

        Software Functionality       Vitrea CT Brain     Vitrea CT Brain   Comparison
                                   Perfusion with        Perfusion
                                   Bayesian          (K121213)
                                     Algorithm
 Quantitative brain perfusion maps         Yes              Yes         Same
 for:
     •   Regional cerebral blood
        volume (rCBV)
     •   Regional cerebral blood
         flow (rCBV)
     •  Mean transit time (MTT)
     •  Time to peak of tissue
        (TTP)
     •   Delay of tissue response
         (Delay)
 Display:                             Yes              Yes         Same
      •   Region of interest (ROI)
      •   Mirrored regions
      •  Time density curves


                       009_ 510(k) Summary                   Page: 009-4 (of 10)

Vitrea® CT Brain Perfusion
                                                        Traditional 510(k) Pre-market Notification


                                  Subject Device        Predicate
                                                       Device

       Software Functionality       Vitrea CT Brain     Vitrea CT Brain   Comparison
                                   Perfusion with        Perfusion
                                   Bayesian          (K121213)
                                    Algorithm
 Display of Perfusion Maps in:             Yes              Yes         Same
     •  MPR orientations
     •  2D
     •  3D
4D-DSA (digital subtraction              Yes              Yes         Same
angiography) view for visualizing
 flow of contrast through the vessels

Perfusion maps in MPR orientations       Yes              Yes          Same
and 2D
Automatic motion correction and          Yes              Yes          Same
curve fitting
Region of interest (ROI) templates         Yes              Yes          Same

 Midline identification and display          Yes              Yes          Same

Manual and automatic detection of         Yes              Yes          Same
 artery and vein locations

Automatic calculation of                 Yes              Yes          Same
 quantitative brain perfusion
 results
Window leveling, edit mid-plane           Yes              Yes          Same
 line, display mirrored ROIs,
snapshots, time-series batch,
movies for physician reporting
Report generation for the Brain           Yes              Yes          Same
Perfusion patient study

Perfusion measurement averages         Yes              Yes          Same
 for multiple ROIs with ability to
 mirror an ROI from one hemisphere
 to the other
Window leveling, edit mid-plane           Yes              Yes          Same
 line, display mirrored ROIs,
snapshots, time-series batch,
movies for physician reporting
Color coded Summary maps              Yes              Yes          Same


                      009_ 510(k) Summary                   Page: 009-5 (of 10)

Vitrea® CT Brain Perfusion
                                                        Traditional 510(k) Pre-market Notification


Differences in Technology with the Predicate Device

                      Subject Device      Predicate
                                        Device

      Software        Vitrea CT Brain      Vitrea CT            Comparison
    Functionality      Perfusion with        Brain
                       Bayesian        Perfusion
                       Algorithm       (K121213)
 Bayesian Perfusion        Yes           No         Subject device provides user
 Algorithm                                                     with choice to use either the
                                                       Bayesian algorithm or SVD+
                                                                algorithm.

                                                            Predicate device can use the
                                           SVD+ algorithm.

                                                           Note: The added Bayesian
                                                              algorithm in the subject device is
                                                                    similar to the Bayesian algorithm
                                                                         in the reference device, Olea
                                                    Sphere 3.0, which was cleared
                                                     by the FDA under K152602.
                                                             Therefore, this added algorithm
                                                    does not raise different
                                                           questions of safety and
                                                                effectiveness.

Similarities in Technology with the Reference Device

                                   Subject Device       Reference
                                                       Device

        Software Functionality       Vitrea CT Brain      Olea Sphere    Comparison
                                   Perfusion with     V3.0 (K152602)
                                   Bayesian
                                     Algorithm
 Bayesian Algorithm:                    Yes              Yes         Same
 The Bayesian estimation of the
 hemodynamical parameters
 integrates a model-based
 approach especially robust to
 image noise and fast analytical
 integration techniques to compute
 the posterior probabilities of the
 estimated blood flow, delay, MTT
 and time concentration curves
 (residue functions).
 Motion correction                      Yes              Yes         Same


 Automatic Arterial Input function           Yes              Yes         Same
 and Vein Output function


                       009_ 510(k) Summary                   Page: 009-6 (of 10)

Vitrea® CT Brain Perfusion
                                                        Traditional 510(k) Pre-market Notification


                                   Subject Device       Reference
                                                       Device

        Software Functionality       Vitrea CT Brain      Olea Sphere    Comparison
                                   Perfusion with     V3.0 (K152602)
                                   Bayesian
                                     Algorithm
 Automatic vessel removal               Yes              Yes         Same


 Automatic Brain Midline detection         Yes              Yes         Same


 Noise reduction is applied before          Yes              Yes         Same
 the Bayesian computation.

 Model based Bayesian estimation         Yes              Yes         Same
 of perfusion parameters.


 Delay insensitive method.               Yes              Yes         Same


Summary of Non-Clinical Tests
The changes to the Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion software were designed, developed, and tested
according to written procedures that included risk management. Software verification testing was
completed to ensure the new features operate according to defined requirements.

The following design control measures were applied to the development of the Vitrea CT Brain
Perfusion software:
    •   Risk Management
    •   Requirements Reviews
    •  Code Designs
    •  Code Development Testing
    •  Code Reviews
    •   Design Reviews
    •   Verification of the software
    •   Validation of the software

Risk Management
Each risk pertaining to the modifications to the Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion software has been
individually assessed to determine if the benefits outweigh the risk. Every risk has been reduced
as low as possible and has been evaluated to have a probability of occurrence of harm of
"Improbable." All risks for these modifications were collectively reviewed to determine if the
benefits outweigh the risk. Based on Post Market information and because of the risk control
measures included in these modifications, it is believed that the risk for these modifications as a
whole are extremely low. Considering all risks against the benefits, it has been assessed that the
benefits do outweigh the risks for these modifications.

                       009_ 510(k) Summary                   Page: 009-7 (of 10)

Vitrea® CT Brain Perfusion
                                                        Traditional 510(k) Pre-market Notification


During the design review, the following conclusions were reached:
    •  The medical benefits of the device outweigh the residual risk for each individual risk and
           all risks together
    •    All risks have been reduced as low as possible
    •  The overall residual risk for the software product is deemed acceptable

Verification
The software verification team’s primary goal was to assure that the software fully satisfies all
expected system requirements and features. Test cases were executed against the system
features, requirements and risk mitigations. Verification testing confirmed the software functions
according to its requirements and all risk mitigations are functioning properly.

Validation
The software validation team’s primary goal was to assure that the software conforms to user
needs and intended use. The validation team conducted workflow testing that provided evidence
that the system requirements and features were implemented properly to conform to the intended
use.

Algorithm Testing
Algorithm testing was performed to validate the proper function of the Bayesian algorithms within
Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion. The Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion Bayesian algorithm has passed all the
verification and validation and is therefore considered validated and acceptable.

External Validation
During the external validation of the Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion software, physicians evaluated if
the Brain Perfusion with Bayesian algorithm (subject device) was substantially equivalent with the
Brain Perfusion with SVD+ algorithm (K121213, predicate device). Based on the scores provided
by the physicians, Vital concluded the Brain Perfusion with Bayesian algorithm is as safe and
effective as the already cleared Brain Perfusion with SVD+ algorithm and fulfills its intended use.

Summary of Clinical Tests
The subject of this 510(k) notification, Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion software, did not require clinical
studies to support safety and effectiveness of the software.

Cyber and Information Security
The Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion software follows internal documentation which includes information
based on the FDA Guidance: Content of Premarket Submissions for Management of
Cybersecurity in Medical Devices.

Internal documentation covers the following:

    1.  Hazard analysis, mitigations, and design considerations pertaining to intentional and
        unintentional cybersecurity risks associated with the device, including:
            •  A specific list of all cybersecurity risks that were considered in the design of the
                device;


                       009_ 510(k) Summary                   Page: 009-8 (of 10)

Vitrea® CT Brain Perfusion
                                                        Traditional 510(k) Pre-market Notification


            •  A specific list and justification for all cybersecurity controls that were established
                  for the device.
    2. A traceability matrix that links the actual cybersecurity controls to the cybersecurity risks
         that were considered;
    3. A summary describing the plan for providing validated software updates and patches as
      needed throughout the lifecycle of the medical device to continue to assure its safety and
        effectiveness. The FDA typically will not need to review or approve medical device
        software changes made solely to strengthen cybersecurity.
    4. A summary describing controls that are in place to assure that the medical device
        software will maintain its integrity (e.g. remain free of malware) from the point of origin to
        the point at which that device leaves the control of the manufacturer; and
    5.  Device instructions for use and product specifications related to recommended
        cybersecurity controls appropriate for the intended use environment (e.g. anti-virus
        software, use of firewall).

Performance Standards
The FDA has not established mandatory performance standards and no special controls exist for
this device. General software verification and validation tests were conducted to confirm proper
function of the device’s features.

The Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion software complies with the following voluntary recognized
consensus standards:

                      Standards
    Standard No.                        Standard Title        Version     Date
                      Organization

 PS 3.1- 3.20 (2016)                       Digital Imaging and
 (Recognition       NEMA        Communications in Medicine     3      06/27/2016
 Number 12-300)                   (DICOM) Set (Radiology)

 ISO 14971:2007                      Medical Devices -
 /(R)2010           AAMI / ANSI    Applications of Risk
                                                            2007    06/27/2016
 (Recognition                   / ISO        Management to Medical
 Number 5-70)                       Devices

                                      Medical Device Software -
 IEC 62304:2006
                   AAMI / ANSI   Software Life Cycle
 (Recognition                                                 2006    08/20/2012
                                         / IEC          Processes (Software /
 Number 13-32)
                                           Informatics)

Substantial Equivalence Analysis Conclusion
Vital Images, Inc. believes the Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion software with Bayesian algorithm has a
similar intended use, indications for use, principle of operation, and technological characteristics
as the legally marketed, predicate device Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion with SVD+ algorithm
(K121213). In addition, the Bayesian perfusion algorithm added to the Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion
software is similar to the Bayesian perfusion algorithm in the reference device, Olea Sphere V3.0,
which was cleared by the FDA under K152602.


                       009_ 510(k) Summary                   Page: 009-9 (of 10)

Vitrea® CT Brain Perfusion
                                                        Traditional 510(k) Pre-market Notification


Furthermore, the verification and validation testing performed demonstrates the subject device is
as safe and effective as the predicate device and does not raise any different questions of safety
and effectiveness. Therefore, Vital believes the enhancements in the Vitrea CT Brain Perfusion
software do not alter the fundamental scientific technology, safety or intended use of the device.

Each change was evaluated for the impact to the safety and effectiveness of the software. It was
concluded that the changes do not raise any different questions of safety or effectiveness when
used as labeled. The implemented design controls, risk management activities, labeling, and
performed verification and validation tests demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the subject
device. Based on the comparison information provided above, Vital Images, Inc. believes the
subject device should be found substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                       009_ 510(k) Summary                   Page: 009-10 (of 10)