September 28, 2018


     RightEye, LLC
    Adam Gross
     Chief Executive Officer
     7979 Old Georgetown Rd., Suite 801
      Bethesda, Maryland 20814

     Re: K181771
         Trade/Device Name: RightEye Vision System
          Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.1460
          Regulation Name: Nystagmograph
         Regulatory Class: Class II
         Product Code: GWN
         Dated: June 29, 2018
         Received: July 3, 2018

     Dear Adam Gross:

   We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device
      referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications
      for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate
     commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to
      devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug,
     and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA).
    You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act.
     Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared
      products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
      located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies
     combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include
      requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling,
     and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate
      information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling
     must be truthful and not misleading.

       If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA),
         it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be
     found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may
      publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 2 . 1 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

Page 2 - Adam Gross                                                        K181771


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean
that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act
or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply
with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing
(21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical
device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting
 (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm);
good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation
(21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A)
for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions
(Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification"
(21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR
regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to
http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting
products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of
Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email
(DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).


                                              Sincerely yours,
                           Bradley S. Cunningham -A

                                              for Malvina B. Eydelman, M.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Ophthalmic and Ear,
                                         Nose and Throat Devices
                                              Office of Device Evaluation
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.


510(k) Number (if known)
K181771

Device Name
RightEye Vision System


Indications for Use (Describe)
The RightEye Vision System is intended for recording, viewing, and analyzing eye movements in support of identifying
visual tracking impairment in human subjects.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

RightEye, LLC                                                       K181771
RightEye Vision System

5.0   510(K) SUMMARY

Prepared Date:          September 27, 2018

Submitter Information:

Company:                 RightEye, LLC
                       7979 Old Georgetown Rd., Suite 801
                          Bethesda, MD 20814

Contact Person:         Adam Gross
                     CEO
                              Tel: (301) 979-7970

Device Information:

Trade Name:              RightEye Vision System

Common Name:          Nystagmograph

Classification Name:       21 CFR 882.1460

Device Class:               Class II

Product Code:         GWN

Predicate Device:       EYE-SYNC (K152915)
                          SyncThink, Inc.

Device Description:
RightEye Vision System detects involuntary eye movement behavior for the purpose of
visual tracking. The RightEye Vision System is designed to provide accurate and reliable
information for users to supplement and inform clinical decision-making. RightEye Vision
System provides objective metrics acquired from eye movements measured and recorded
by a hardware eye tracker that are not observable in clinical observation. Results of each
RightEye Vision System assessment are transferred and stored remotely on a web server.
All personal health information data are encrypted with HTTPS (HTTP Secure) protocol. The
remote web server software calculates metrics from the assessment data and provides
quantitative outputs and supporting graphics. The software can track the results over time
showing changes in metrics, trendlines, graphs, visuals, and gaze replay. The user accesses
these results by logging into the RightEye web portal.

The RightEye Vision System is designed to run on Windows 10 operating systems and the
web portal has been optimized for Chrome. RightEye Vision System is programmed to run
on a specific hardware setup, the Tobii Dynavox i15.  It is deployed as a pre-loaded system
on hardware provided and managed by RightEye.

Indications for Use:
The RightEye Vision System is intended for recording, viewing, and analyzing eye
movements in support of identifying visual tracking impairment in human subjects.


                                    Page 1

RightEye, LLC                                                       K181771
RightEye Vision System

Comparison to Predicate Device:
The predicate device is the EYE-SYNC (K152915), which is manufactured by SyncThink, Inc.
and is intended for recording, viewing, and analyzing eye movements in support of
identifying visual tracking impairment in human subjects.

The RightEye Vision System is substantially equivalent to EYE-SYNC (manufactured by
SyncThink, Inc.; K152915). The RightEye Vision System and the EYE-SYNC share the same
intended use as a Nystagmograph. The products are also similar in terms of technological
characteristics as both electronically record objective measurements of eye movement.
Neither device provides a diagnosis or any diagnostic recommendations. Both devices are
used by physicians or clinicians. Differences in the design and performance of the RightEye
Vision System from EYE-SYNC do not affect either the safety or effectiveness of the
RightEye Vision System for its intended use.


                       SUBJECT DEVICE:                  PREDICATE DEVICE:
                        RightEye Vision System               EYE-SYNC (K152915)
                             RightEye, LLC                         SyncThink, Inc.
  Classification    Nystagmograph                         Nystagmograph
 Name
 Device Class     Class II                                     Class II
 Product Code   GWN (21 CFR 882.1460)             GWN (21 CFR 882.1460)
 Intended Use   Nystagmograph                         Nystagmograph
 Indication for    Recording, viewing, and analyzing eye       Recording, viewing, and analyzing eye
 Use            movements in support of identifying visual   movements in support of identifying visual
                     tracking impairment in human subjects.      tracking impairment in human subjects.

 Device           Eye-tracking system with pre-loaded         Eye-tracking system with pre-loaded
 Technology      software on manufacturer-provided          software on manufacturer-provided
                   hardware.                                hardware.
 Eye tracking     Includes a remote camera and light          Includes a remote camera and light source
 method          source for recording eye movement.           for recording eye movement. Stimuli are
                     Stimuli are presented to the user via a       presented to the user via a monitor as the
                   monitor as the projection surface to elicit     projection surface to elicit involuntary eye
                    involuntary eye movements. The function    movements. The function and intent are
                 and intent are identical.                         identical.
 Software       Has software which records the eye        Has software which records the eye
                     tracking methods for patient’s eye            tracking methods for patient’s eye
                movements (fixation, pursuit and          movements (fixation, pursuit and saccade)
                   saccade) while he/she follows the            while he/she follows the stimulus. This
                     stimulus. This software function is           software function is performed to support
                  performed to support the recording,         the recording, viewing and analyzing of
                   viewing and analyzing of horizontal and      horizontal and vertical eye
                       vertical eye movements. The software      movements. The software uses
                  uses proprietary algorithms to perform the   proprietary algorithms to perform the
                     analysis for the reporting of involuntary      analysis for the reporting of involuntary
                 and voluntary eye movements but the      and voluntary eye movements but the
                     function and intent are identical.             function and intent are identical.

 Hardware       Uses an all-in-one device that contains a     Uses a tablet to record the eye
                  computer to record the eye movements.    movements.
 User Data &     Uploads user data and reports to a secure    Uploads user data and reports to a secure
 Reports        web portal.                          web portal.

Supporting Information:
Software testing was conducted in accordance with FDA’s May 2005 guidance document
entitled, “Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff. Guidance for the Content of Premarket
Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The software for this device was
considered as a “moderate” level of concern, since a failure or latent flaw in the software
could lead to an erroneous diagnosis or a delay in delivery of appropriate medical care that
would likely lead to a minor injury. Software validation and verification demonstrate that
the RightEye Vision System performs as intended and meets its specifications.


                                    Page 2

RightEye, LLC                                                       K181771
RightEye Vision System

Validation testing, including test-retest reliability and accuracy, has confirmed the
performance of the RightEye Vision System for its intended use.

Conclusion:
The RightEye Vision System falls within the type of device regulated under 21 CFR 882.1460
and Product Code GWN and has the same intended use as its predicate device. Differences
in the design and performance of the RightEye Vision System from the predicate device do
not affect either the safety or effectiveness of the RightEye Vision System for its intended
use. Therefore, the RightEye Vision System is substantially equivalent to the predicate
device.


                                    Page 3