September 21, 2018


Volpara Health Technologies Limited
Ralph Highnam
CEO
Level 7, 44 Victoria Street, Wellington Central
WELLINGTON, 6011
NEW ZEALAND

Re: K182310
    Trade/Device Name: Volpara Imaging Software
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture Archiving And Communications System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: August 3, 2018
    Received: August 24, 2018

Dear Ralph Highnam:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 2 . 1 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

Page 2 - Ralph Highnam                                                     K182310


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good
manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820)
for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if
applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-
1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and
Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website
(http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone
(1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                  for
                                           Robert A. Ochs, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                              Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                          and Radiological Health
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.


510(k) Number (if known)
K182310

Device Name
Volpara Imaging Software


Indications for Use (Describe)
Volpara is a software application intended for use with the raw data from digital breast x-ray systems, including
tomosynthesis. Volpara calculates and quantifies a density map and from that determines volumetric breast density as a
ratio of fibroglandular tissue and total breast volume estimates. Volpara provides these numerical values along with a BIRADS breast density 4th or 5th Edition category to aid health care professionals in the assessment of breast tissue
composition. Volpara is not an interpretive or diagnostic aid and should be used only as adjunctive information when the
final assessment of breast density category is made by an MQSA qualified interpreting physician.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Type:  Report
                     DMS No:  Mtk3252-007-1    Rev. Date:    3rd Aug 2018
                     DMS Ref:  Eng/Ultron                 Page 1 of 5
                                                 Title:  Volpara Imaging Software 510(k) Summary


                           Special 510(k) Summary
                        Prepared 15th August 2018


Sponsor:          Volpara Health Technologies

Company Address: Level 7, 44 Victoria Street, Wellington, 6011, New Zealand

Contact Person:   Ralph Highnam

Telephone:       +64 - 4 - 499 - 6029

Fax:             +64 - 4 - 499 - 6029

Email:             ralph.highnam@volparasolutions.com

Submission Date:   15th August 2018

510(k) submission number: K182310

Device Name:      Volpara Imaging Software

Common Name:   Imaging Software

Classification:
Regulatory Class:      II
Review Category:   Class II
Classification Panel: Radiology
                  System, Imaging Processing; 21 CFR 892.2050; LLZ


Legally Marketed Predicate Devices:
The modified software, Volpara Imaging Software (“Volpara”) 1.5.6  is substantially
equivalent to the original Volpara Imaging Software 1.5.2 cleared pursuant to K153427
(Volpara Health Technologies Limited), which serves as the primary predicate.


Predicate Device Description:

The  Volpara  Imaging  Software  (“Volpara”)  1.5.2  software  provides  volumetric
assessment of digital x-ray images of the breast, including in that definition both raw digital

Type:  Report
                     DMS No:  Mtk3252-007-1    Rev. Date:    3rd Aug 2018
                     DMS Ref:  Eng/Ultron                 Page 2 of 5
                                                 Title:  Volpara Imaging Software 510(k) Summary

mammograms and raw tomosynthesis projections (the central projections of which are
just raw digital mammograms).
The assessment takes the form of generating and validating density maps wherein the
value at each pixel represents the thickness of fibroglandular tissue between that pixel
and the x-ray source.
From the density maps various quantitative density-map based statistics are computed
as follows:
    •  volume of fibroglandular tissue in cm3
    •  volume of breast in cm3,
    •  the volumetric breast density (the percentage of fibroglandular tissue in breast)
    •  average thickness of dense tissue in cm
    •  maximum thickness of dense tissue in cm
    •  maximum volume of dense tissue above any 1cm2 square region (or “focal
        density”)
From the volumetric breast density, a BI-RADS 4th Edition and 5th Edition breast density
category can be attained by applying thresholds set by the software.
The device outputs those metrics along with the density maps themselves marked with
the location of the various maxima.
Volpara Imaging Software 1.5.2 operates on a Windows server that meets Volpara data
input and output requirements and generally is located outside the patient environment.
The device does not contact the patient, nor does it control any life-sustaining devices.


Comparison with Predicate Device:
Volpara Imaging Software 1.5.6 is the same core software as the predicated device
Volpara Imaging Software 1.5.2 with the addition of the following software and labeling
enhancements.
   •  The modified software uses the focal density information when generating a BIRADS breast density category.
   •  The modified software supports data acquired using Hologic’s SmartCurve paddle.
   •  The modified software provides output image quality metrics which were validated
      but not output by 1.5.2.
   •  The User Manual has been expanded to cover the modifications described above,
     and with an updated bibliography.
   •  The software provides an option to select highlighting of density scores at a
       specified threshold.

Type:  Report
                     DMS No:  Mtk3252-007-1    Rev. Date:    3rd Aug 2018
                     DMS Ref:  Eng/Ultron                 Page 3 of 5
                                                 Title:  Volpara Imaging Software 510(k) Summary


Substantial Equivalence Comparison Table

                                       Predicate Device               Submission Device,

                                     Volpara 1.5.2 (K153427)          Volpara 1.5.6

 Intended Use                           VolparaDensity   is  a  software  Same as predicate.
                                             application intended for use with
                                          the raw data from digital breast xray      systems,       including
                                         tomosynthesis.    VolparaDensity
                                            calculates and quantifies a density
                              map and  from  that  determines
                                           volumetric breast density as a ratio
                                               of fibroglandular tissue and total
                                          breast volume estimates. Volpara
                                         provides these numerical values
                                        along  with  a  BI-RADS  breast
                                           density 4th or 5th Edition category
                                               to aid health care professionals in
                                          the assessment of breast tissue
                                          composition. VolparaDensity is not
                                   an  interpretive or diagnostic aid
                                   and  should  be  used  only  as
                                           adjunctive  information when  the
                                                     final assessment of breast density
                                         category  is made by an MQSAqualified interpreting physician.

 Intended Users                         Health Care Professionals.          Health Care Professionals.

 Image Source                                Digital mammography images.        Digital mammography images.

 Image Sources                               Digital   mammograms    from   Digital   mammograms    from
                                mammography  or tomosynthesis  mammography  or tomosynthesis
                                       systems.                         systems, including those obtained
                                                                           using with curved paddles.

 Anatomical Area                        Breast                            Breast

 Assessment Scope                      Volumetric                         Volumetric

 Operating Environment               Windows                      Windows

 Image Storage and Report Generation   Yes                          Yes

                                       Output to the console.             Output to the console.

 Numeric Output                     Volume of Fibroglandular tissue    Volume of Fibroglandular tissue

                                  Volume of Breast                Volume of Breast

                                         Volumetric Breast Density           Volumetric Breast Density

                               BIRADS 4th or 5th Edition Breast  BIRADS 4th or 5th Edition Breast
                                         Density Category                   Density Category, with highlighting
                                                                  above   a   certain   volumetric
                                     Average thickness of dense tissue                                                                               threshold or if focal density present
                                Maximum  thickness   of  dense                                                                    Average thickness of dense tissue
                                             tissue (and location).

Type:  Report
                     DMS No:  Mtk3252-007-1    Rev. Date:    3rd Aug 2018
                     DMS Ref:  Eng/Ultron                 Page 4 of 5
                                                 Title:  Volpara Imaging Software 510(k) Summary


                                Maximum volume of dense tissue  Maximum  thickness   of  dense
                                    above any 1cm2 square  region   tissue (and location).
                                       (and location).
                                                          Maximum volume of dense tissue
                                                                  above any 1cm2 square  region
                                                                        (and location).

                                                                 Image quality assessment metrics

 Image Output                           Density map in DICOM SCI format,   Density map in DICOM SCI format,
                                                  for visualization as user specifies.    for visualization as user specifies

 Classification                       21 CFR 892.2050; LLZ           21 CFR 892.2050; LLZ

 Software Level of Concern             Moderate                       Moderate


Intended Use:

VolparaDensity is a software application intended for use with the raw data from digital
breast x-ray systems, including tomosynthesis. VolparaDensity calculates and quantifies
a density map and from  that determines volumetric breast density as a  ratio  of
fibroglandular tissue and total breast volume estimates. Volpara provides these numerical
values along with a BI-RADS breast density 4th or 5th Edition category to aid health care
professionals in the assessment of breast tissue composition. VolparaDensity is not an
interpretive or diagnostic aid and should be used only as adjunctive information when the
final assessment of breast density category is made by an MQSA-qualified interpreting
physician.


Device Description
The  Volpara  Imaging  Software  (“Volpara”)  1.5.6  software  provides  volumetric
assessment of digital x-ray images of the breast, including in that definition both raw digital
mammograms and raw tomosynthesis projections (the central projections of which are
just raw digital mammograms).
The assessment takes the form of generating and validating density maps wherein the
value at each pixel represents the thickness of fibroglandular tissue between that pixel
and the x-ray source.
From the density maps various quantitative density-map based statistics are computed
as follows:
    •  volume of fibroglandular tissue in cm3
    •  volume of breast in cm3,
    •  the volumetric breast density (the percentage of fibroglandular tissue in breast)
    •  average thickness of dense tissue in cm
    •  maximum thickness of dense tissue in cm
    •  maximum volume of dense tissue above any 1cm2 square region (or “focal
        density”)

Type:  Report
                     DMS No:  Mtk3252-007-1    Rev. Date:    3rd Aug 2018
                     DMS Ref:  Eng/Ultron                 Page 5 of 5
                                                 Title:  Volpara Imaging Software 510(k) Summary

    •  image quality assessment metrics
From the volumetric breast density, a BI-RADS 4th Edition and 5th Edition breast density
category can be attained by applying thresholds set by the software, with an increase in
density category if a focal density appears to be present.
The device outputs those metrics along with the density maps themselves marked with
the location of the various maxima.
Volpara operates on a Windows server that meets Volpara data input and output
requirements and generally is located outside the patient environment. The device does
not contact the patient, nor does it control any life-sustaining devices.
Performance Data
The Volpara software has been verified and validated according to the company’s design
control process. All of the documents specified in the FDA’s various software guidance
documents have been submitted in this Special 510(k) Notification. An ISO 14971
compliant risk analysis has been provided and incorporated into the development effort.
Software testing included both unit level and integrated system level testing. A report of
outstanding anomalies was included in the software information.
The modified device was tested and determined to be compliant to the following
standards: ISO 14971:2012 Medical devices – Application of risk management to medical
devices; ISO 62304-2006 Software Life Cycle Processes, DICOM 2015.
In addition to the verification and validation testing conducted for the specific modification
to the software detailed in this Special 510(k) submission, complete verification and
validation data testing conducted for the predicate was repeated in order to ensure
integration and backwards compatibility.
General Safety and Effectiveness Concerns:
The device labeling contains instructions for use and any necessary cautions and
warnings to provide for safe and effective use of this device. Risk management is ensured
via a risk analysis, which is used to identify potential hazards. These potential hazards
are controlled via software development, verification and validation testing.


Conclusion:
The Special 510(k) Premarket Notification for VolparaDensity 1.5.6 contains adequate
information and data to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the predicate device.