iSchemaView, Inc.                                      December 27, 2018
Jim Rosa
VP Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs
433 Park Point Drive, Suite 220
GOLDEN, CO 80401

Re: K182130
    Trade/Device Name: iSchemaView RAPID
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture Archiving And Communications System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: November 28, 2018
    Received: December 3, 2018

Dear Jim Rosa:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 3 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K182130 - Jim Rosa                                                                   Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good
manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820)
for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if
applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-
1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and
Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website
(http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone
(1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                              ..
                                                                        For
                                           Robert A. Ochs, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                              Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                          and Radiological Health
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K182130
Device Name
iSchemaView RAPID
Indications forUse (Describe) —ss—sOSSSsSsSS
iSchemaView's RAPID is an image processing software package to be used by trained professionals, including but not
limited to physicians and medical technicians.
The software runs on a standard off-the-shelf computer or a virtual platform, such as VMware, and can be used to perform
image viewing, processing and analysis of images. Data and images are acquired through DICOM compliant imaging
devices.
The iSchemaView RAPID provides both viewing and analysis capabilities for functional and dynamic imaging datasets
acquired with CT Perfusion (CT-P), CT Angiography (CTA), and MRI including a Diffusion Weighted MRI (DW1)
Module and a Dynamic Analysis Module (dynamic contrast-enhanced imaging data for MRI and CT).
The DWI Module is used to visualize local water diffusion properties from the analysis of diffusion - weighted MRI data.
The Dynamic Analysis Module is used for visualization and analysis of dynamic imaging data, showing properties of
changes in contrast over time. This functionality includes calculation of parameters related to tissue flow (perfusion) and
tissue blood volume.
RAPID CT-Perfusion and RAPID MR-Perfusion can be used by physicians to aid in the selection of acute stroke patients
(with known occlusion of the intracranial internal carotid artery or proximal middle cerebral artery) for endovascular
thrombectomy.
Instructions for use of contrast agents for this indication can be found in Appendix A of the User’s Manual. Additional
information for safe and effective drug use is available in product-specific iodinated CT and gadolinium-based MR
contrast drug labeling.
In addition to the RAPID imaging criteria, patients must meet the clinical requirements for thrombectomy, as assessed by
the physician, and have none of the following contraindications or exclusions.
Contraindications/Exclusions:
* Bolus Quality: absent or inadequate bolus.
+ Patient Motion: excessive motion leading to artifacts that make the scan technically inadequate.
+ Presence of Hemorrhage
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
xX Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LD Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services GOI) 346740 EF

K182130
      iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) RAPID
       Section 5: 510(k) Summary
                                         510(k) Summary
                                 iSchemaView, Inc.’s RAPID
      This document contains the 510(k) summary for the iSchemaView RAPID. The content of this
     summary is based on the requirements of 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).
      Applicant Name and Address:
           Name:                   iSchemaView, Inc.
             Address:                433 Park Point Drive, Suite 220
                                        Golden, CO 80401

                Official Contact:          Jim Rosa
                                        Phone: (303) 704-3374
                                         Email: rosa@ischemaview.com

     Summary Preparation Date:     November 28, 2018
      Device Name and Classification:
            Trade Name:       iSchemaView RAPID
          Common Name:    PACS – Picture Archiving Communications
                                System
               Classification:         II
             Product Code:     LLZ
              Regulation No:      21 C.F.R. §892.2050
               Classification       Radiology Devices
              Panel:
      Predicate Devices:
      The iSchemaView RAPID is claimed to be substantially equivalent to the following legally
      marketed predicate device:
            iSchemaView RAPID (K172477)
      Previous FDA Submission:
            iSchemaView RAPID (K121447)
            iSchemaView RAPID (K172477)
            iSchemaView Q-Submission Q172046-S001

      Device Description:
     RAPID is a software package that provides for the visualization and study of changes in tissue
      using digital images captured by diagnostic imaging systems including CT (Computed
     Tomography) and MRI (Magnetic Image Resonance), as an aid to physician diagnosis.
     RAPID can be installed on a customer’s Server or it can be accessed online as virtual system.
         It provides viewing, quantification, analysis and reporting capabilities.


                                       Page 5-1 of 5-11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) RAPID
Section 5: 510(k) Summary
  RAPID works with the following types of (DICOM compliant) medical image data:
       •  CT (Computed Tomography)
       •  MRI (Magnetic Image Resonance)

   RAPID acquires (DICOM compliant) medical image data from the following sources:
       • DICOM file
       •  DICOM CD-R
       •  Network using DICOM protocol

  RAPID provides tools for performing the following types of analysis:
       •   selection of acute stroke patients for endovascular thrombectomy
       •  volumetry of thresholded maps
       •  time intensity plots for dynamic time courses
       •  measurement of mismatch between labeled volumes on co-registered image
         volumes
       •   large vessel density

RAPID is a software-only device consisting of one or more RAPID Servers (dedicated or
virtual and an iSchemaView Server). The RAPID Server is an image processing engine that
connects to a hospital LAN, inside the Hospital Firewall. It can be a dedicated RAPID
Server or a VM RAPID appliance, which is a virtualized RAPID Server that runs on a
dedicated hospital server. Where available, the RAPID Server is placed logically in the
demilitarized zone (DMZ) of the hospital's network to facilitate bidirectional secure
connection between the (local) RAPID Server and the centralized iSchemaView Server.
RAPID is a software-only device designed to streamline medical image processing tasks that
are time consuming and fatiguing in routine patient workup. RAPID is typically installed on a
server running within a hospital’s network and operates with minimal user interaction. Once the
CT or MR data are acquired, the CT or MRI console operator selects RAPID as the target for the
DICOM images, and then the operator selects which study/series data to be sent to RAPID.
Based on the type of incoming DICOM data, RAPID will identify the data set as CT or MRI
data, and determine the suitable processing module. RAPID is a toolbox of modules which
support various analysis methods used in clinical practice today:
   •  RAPID CTA: used to visualize large cerebral vessels and analyze hemispheric difference
       via contralateral comparison.
   •  RAPID MR DWI Module: used to visualize local water diffusion properties of tissue
      from the analysis of diffusion-weighted MRI data.
   •  RAPID Dynamic Analysis Module: used for visualization and analysis of dynamic
      imaging data, showing properties of changes in contrast over time. This functionality
       includes calculation of parameters related to tissue flow (perfusion) and tissue blood
      volume.
The iSchemaView Server is a dedicated server that provides a central repository for RAPID
data. All iSchemaView Server data is stored on encrypted hard disks. It also provides a user


                                 Page 5-2 of 5-11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) RAPID
Section 5: 510(k) Summary
interface for accessing RAPID data. It connects to a firewalled Data Center Network and has
its own firewall for additional cyber/data security. The iSchemaView Server connects to one
or more RAPID Servers via WAN. Available types of connection include VPN (Virtual
Private Network - RFC2401 and RFC4301 Standards) Tunnel and SSH (Secure Shell).
Indications for Use:
iSchemaView's RAPID is an image processing software package to be used by trained
professionals, including but not limited to physicians and medical technicians.
The software runs on a standard off-the-shelf computer or a virtual platform, such as VMware,
and can be used to perform image viewing, processing and analysis of images. Data and images
are acquired through DICOM compliant imaging devices.
The iSchemaView RAPID provides both viewing and analysis capabilities for functional and
dynamic imaging datasets acquired with CT Perfusion (CT-P), CT Angiography (CTA), and
MRI including a Diffusion Weighted MRI (DWI) Module and a Dynamic Analysis Module
(dynamic contrast-enhanced imaging data for MRI and CT).
   The DWI Module is used to visualize local water diffusion properties from the analysis of
    diffusion - weighted MRI data.
   The Dynamic Analysis Module is used for visualization and analysis of dynamic imaging
    data, showing properties of changes in contrast over time. This functionality includes
    calculation of parameters related to tissue flow (perfusion) and tissue blood volume.
RAPID CT-Perfusion and RAPID MR-Perfusion can be used by physicians to aid in the
selection of acute stroke patients (with known occlusion of the intracranial internal carotid
artery or proximal middle cerebral artery) for endovascular thrombectomy.
Instructions for use of contrast agents for this indication can be found in Appendix A of the
User’s Manual. Additional information for safe and effective drug use is available in productspecific iodinated CT and gadolinium-based MR contrast drug labeling.
In addition to the RAPID imaging criteria, patients must meet the clinical requirements for
thrombectomy, as assessed by the physician, and have none of the following contraindications
or exclusions.
Contraindications/Exclusions:
     • Bolus Quality: absent or inadequate bolus.
     • Patient Motion: excessive motion leading to artifacts that make the scan technically
     inadequate.
     • Presence of Hemorrhage.
Technological Characteristics:
RAPID performs the following functions:
   •  processes DICOM images from multiple sources to provide visualization of changes
       of tissue perfusion, diffusion and change.


                                 Page 5-3 of 5-11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) RAPID
Section 5: 510(k) Summary
   •  receives DICOM images from external DICOM image providers (modalities (CT/MRI
       Scanners), PACS and Workstations) and sends DICOM images to external image
      consumers.
   •  processes requests, statuses and results, and references therein, which are stored in a
       searchable database
   •  processing status is available through a web browser using HTTP, HTML and PHP.
   •  can send summary results to the user over email. For this, RAPID generally connects
       to the infrastructure of the medical partner (e.g., the hospital). In particular, RAPID
       uses a SMTP protocol with security extensions to provide secure emailing.
RAPID is available in the following configurations:
   •  Standard RAPID, which is installed directly on a customer's Linux-based server and
       integrated with medical image processing software such as commercial PACS.
   •  Virtual RAPID, wherein the user accesses RAPID online and uses it to process
    DICOM images otherwise available on his/her computer.
RAPID is a DICOM-compliant PACS software that provides comprehensive functionality to
transfer, process, and display modality specific imaging data. RAPID runs on standard "offthe­ shelf' computer and networking hardware. RAPID is entirely independent from CT,
MRI, or PACS platforms. It supports secure VPN (Virtual Private Network) networking or
encapsulated Secure Shell (SSH), and seamlessly integrates into an existing radiological data
network.
Clinical Characteristics:
The primary users of RAPID PACS software are medical imaging professionals who
analyze tissue using CT or MRI images. The images generated by RAPID provide
additional diagnostic information, which is derived from the temporal/diffusion/density
features of the native CT or MRI images.
RAPID CT Perfusion and RAPID MRI can be used by physicians to select acute stroke
patients for endovascular thrombectomy. The recommended selection criteria are listed in the
table below. Patients must meet the clinical requirements for thrombectomy as assessed by
the physician and have no contraindications or exclusions:


                                 Page 5-4 of 5-11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) RAPID
     Section 5: 510(k) Summary


                            RAPID THROMBECTOMY SELECTION GUIDE
Known           Modality  RAPID Map       Lesion           DBF/DWI              Tmax
Neurologic                              Volume      Threshold   Volume    Threshold  Mismatch
Baseline                                                (rCBF/ADC)   (ml)         (sec)       Ratio*
(KNB)(Hrs)
                            MISMATCH BASED INDICATIONS
KNB ≤ 6         CTP      Mismatch       CBF/Tmax   <0.3        ≤ 70       > 6        ≥ 1.2 CBF
              MRI      Mismatch       DWI/Tmax   <620        ≤ 50       > 6        ≥ 1.8 DWI

6 < KNB ≤ 16     CTP      Mismatch       CBF/Tmax   <0.3        ≤ 70       > 6        ≥ 1.8 CBF

              MRI      Mismatch       DWI/Tmax   <620        ≤ 70       > 6        ≥ 1.8 DWI
                               ISCHEMIC CORE RELATED INDICATIONS
                                         Patient ≥ 80 yrs AND NIHSS ≥ 10
6 ≤ KNB ≤ 24     CTP      Mismatch       CBF         <0.3        ≤ 20     NA      NA

              MRI      Mismatch/DWI  DWI        <620        ≤ 20     NA      NA

                                        Patient < 80 yrs AND NIHSS 10-19
6 ≤ KNB ≤ 24     CTP      Mismatch       CBF         <0.3        ≤ 30     NA      NA
              MRI      Mismatch/DWI  DWI        <620        ≤ 30     NA      NA
                                         Patient ≤ 80 yrs AND NIHSS ≥ 20
6 ≤ KNB ≤ 24     CTP      Mismatch       CBF         <0.3        ≤ 50     NA      NA
              MRI      Mismatch/DWI  DWI        <620        ≤ 50     NA      NA

                                                         *Note: A Mismatch volume ≥ 15ml is recommended


     Contraindications/Exclusions:

         •   Bolus Quality: absent or inadequate bolus.
         •   Patient Motion: excessive motion leading to artifacts that make the scan technically inadequate.
         •   Presence of Hemorrhage.

    Performance Standards:
   RAPID has been developed in conformance with the following standards, as applicable:
      EN ISO 14971:2012    Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices
        IEC 62304:2015       Medical device software – Software lifecycle processes
        IEC 62366:2015        Application of Usability Engineering to Medical Devices
      NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20    Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)

                                      Page 5-5 of 5-11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) RAPID
Section 5: 510(k) Summary
Performance Data:
RAPID complies with DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine) - Developed
by the American College of Radiology and the National Electrical Manufacturers Association.
NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20.
Additionally, iSchemaView conducted extensive performance validation testing and software
verification and validation testing of the RAPID system. This performance validation testing
demonstrated that the RAPID system provides accurate representation of key processing
parameters under a range of clinically relevant parameters and perturbations associated with the
intended use of the software. Software performance, validation and verification testing
demonstrated that the RAPID system met all design requirements and specifications.
Prescriptive Statement:
Caution: Federal law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.

Safety & Effectiveness:
RAPID has been designed, verified and validated in compliance with 21 CFR, Part 820.30
requirements. The device has been designed to meet the requirements associated with EN ISO
14971:2012 (risk management). The RAPID System performance has been validated through the
use of phantoms.

Substantial Equivalence:
  RAPID is as safe and effective as the previously cleared RAPID product (K172477).
  RAPID has a similar intended use with an added indication, technological characteristics
   and principles of operation as its predicate device. There are no technological differences
   between the RAPID and its predicate (K172477) and no new issues of safety or
    effectiveness have been identified. The testing during the 4.8 baseline release is
   provided as verification and validation. The testing conducted with RAPID confirms the
   software reliably processes and supports the analysis of CT and MRI medical images for
    tissue evaluation. Thus, the RAPID software is substantially equivalent. The claims have
   been expanded to include the use of RAPID in selection of acute stroke patients for
   endovascular thrombectomy, based on retrospective clinical data evaluation.
    Visualization and quantitative results delivered by RAPID can be used, upon applicable
    clinical and technical training of the users, in the diagnostic and patient treatment process.
    In version 4.8, RAPID provides the following:
     -   CT-Perfusion, MR-Perfusion and MR-Diffusion datasets, with the possibility to compute semiquantitative (relative blood flow, volume, mean transit time, arterio-tissue delay time Tmax) and
        quantitative (apparent diffusion coefficient) parameters and compute volumes of tissue with
       parameters within certain ranges;
     -   CT-Angiography datasets, where, after skull stripping, the system provides transverse, coronal
       and sagittal views of the intra-cranial vasculature, as well as hemispheric comparison of the blood
        vessel density in these datasets.
    In version 4.8.3, RAPID provides the indications identified in version 4.8 plus the addition of
   a special case of CT-Perfusion and MR. RAPID provides guidance to physicians for acute


                                 Page 5-6 of 5-11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) RAPID
Section 5: 510(k) Summary
    stroke patient selection for endovascular thrombectomy using specific parametric settings, as
    described in Table in paragraph 3.2.
   The following table summarizes and compares data on the iSchemaView RAPID (K172477)
    to the RAPID (K182130) that is the subject of this Traditional 510(k) submission.


                                 Page 5-7 of 5-11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) RAPID
Section 5: 510(k) Summary
Substantial Equivalence Discussion:
   Parameter                 RAPID (K182130)                                RAPID (K172477)
   Product Code               LLZ                                              LLZ
   Regulation                    21 CFR §892.2050                                       21 CFR §892.2050
   Intended Use/ Indications for     iSchemaView's RAPID is an image processing software package to   iSchemaView's RAPID is an image processing software package to
  Use                           be used by trained professionals, including but not limited to        be used by trained professionals, including but not limited to
                                     physicians and medical technicians.                                 physicians and medical technicians.
                              The software runs on a standard off-the-shelf computer or a virtual   The software runs on a standard off-the-shelf computer or a virtual
                                       platform, such as VMware, and can be used to perform image         platform, such as VMware, and can be used to perform image
                                    viewing, processing and analysis of images. Data and images are     viewing, processing and analysis of images. Data and images are
                                     acquired through DICOM compliant imaging devices.               acquired through DICOM compliant imaging devices.
                              The iSchemaView RAPID provides both viewing and analysis      The iSchemaView RAPID provides both viewing and analysis
                                         capabilities for functional and dynamic imaging datasets acquired     capabilities for functional and dynamic imaging datasets acquired
                                    with CT Perfusion (CT-P), CT Angiography (CTA), and MRI        with CT Perfusion (CT-P), CT Angiography (CTA), and MRI
                                     including a Diffusion Weighted MRI (DWI) Module and a Dynamic  including a Diffusion Weighted MRI (DWI) Module and a Dynamic
                                    Analysis Module (dynamic contrast-enhanced imaging data for MRI  Analysis Module (dynamic contrast-enhanced imaging data for MRI
                                 and CT).                                                   and CT).
                                  The DWI Module is used to visualize local water diffusion         The DWI Module is used to visualize local water diffusion
                                            properties from the analysis of diffusion - weighted MRI data.         properties from the analysis of diffusion - weighted MRI data.
                                  The Dynamic Analysis Module is used for visualization and        The Dynamic Analysis Module is used for visualization and
                                            analysis of dynamic imaging data, showing properties of changes     analysis of dynamic imaging data, showing properties of
                                              in contrast over time. This functionality includes calculation of       changes in contrast over time. This functionality includes
                                         parameters related to tissue flow (perfusion) and tissue blood          calculation of parameters related to tissue flow (perfusion) and
                                      volume.                                                                  tissue blood volume.
                               Change to K172477:
                         RAPID CT-Perfusion and RAPID MR-Perfusion can be used by
                                    physicians to aid in the selection of acute stroke patients (with
                           known occlusion of the intracranial internal carotid artery or
                                proximal middle cerebral artery) for endovascular
                               thrombectomy.
                                     Instructions for use of contrast agents for this indication can be
                               found in Appendix A of the User’s Manual. Additional
                                  information for safe and effective drug use is available in
                                     product-specific iodinated CT and gadolinium-based MR
                                    contrast drug labeling.
                                 In addition to the RAPID imaging criteria, patients must meet
                                    the clinical requirements for thrombectomy, as assessed by the


                                                 Page 5-8 of 5-11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) RAPID
Section 5: 510(k) Summary
                                     physician, and have none of the following contraindications or
                                      exclusions.
                                   Contraindications/Exclusions:
                                      • Bolus Quality: absent or inadequate bolus.
                                      • Patient Motion: excessive motion leading to artifacts that
                                make the scan technically inadequate.
                                      • Presence of Hemorrhage.
  PACS Functionality
   Basic PACS Functions           View, process and analyze medical images. Performs standard    Same
                         PACS functions with respect to querying and listing.
  Computer Platform                Standard off-the-shelf PC workstation/server                  Same
                                        Virtual platform such as VMware                         Same
  DICOM Compliance          Yes                                           Same
   Functional Overview         RAPID is a software package that provides for the          Same
                                     visualization and study of changes of tissue in digital images
                                  captured by CT and MRI. RAPID provides viewing and
                                      quantification.
  Data Acquisition               Acquires medical image data from DICOM compliant        Same
                               imaging devices and modalities
  Data/Image Types            Computed Tomography (CT) via DICOM Format           Same
                               Magnetic Image Resonance (MRI) via DICOM Format       Same
   Acquisition and Modalities Features
  MRI                            Diffusion Weighted Image (DWI)                       Same
                            Dynamic Analysis tissue flow (perfusion) and tissue blood volume  Same

  CT                   CT Perfusion (CTP)                                 Same
                               CTA-large vessel density analysis                       Same
  Computed Parameter Maps
                                     Isotropic DWI (isoDWI)                              Same   Diffusion MRI                     ADC                                             Same
                                Trace of diffusion tensor (Trace)                        Same
                                    Fractional Anisotropy (FA) and color FA                 Same
   Perfusion MRI and Perfusion    Cerebral blood flow (CBF)                            Same
  CT                             Cerebral blood volume (CBV)                          Same
                           Mean transit time (MTT)                               Same

                                                 Page 5-9 of 5-11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) RAPID
Section 5: 510(k) Summary
                                  Tissue residue function time to peak (Tmax)               Same
  Measurement Tools
  MRI and CT Tools               Arterial input function (AIF)Venous output function         Same
                            (VOF)
                                Time-course                                       Same
                           Mask                                            Same
                               Region of interest (ROI) and Volumetry                  Same
                                Volumetric comparison between 2 ROIs                  Same
                              Motion correction                                   Same
                                 Export perfusion and diffusion files to PACS and           Same
                      DICOM file systems
                                  Acquire, transmit, process, and store medical               Same
                               images


                                                Page 5-10 of 5-11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) RAPID
Section 5: 510(k) Summary
Conclusion:
In conclusion, the iSchemaView RAPID is substantially equivalent in intended use,
technological characteristics, safety, and performance characteristics to the legally marketed
predicate device, RAPID (K172477).


                                 Page 5-11 of 5-11