Deep01 Limited                                                        July 10, 2019
℅ Mr. William Lai
Medical Regulatory Affairs Specialist
Rm. 5, 11F., No.162, Sec. 4, Roosevelt Rd.
Taipei City, Taiwan 10091
TAIWAN

Re: K182875
    Trade/Device Name: DeepCT
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: June 7, 2019
    Received: June 7, 2019

Dear Mr. Lai:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K182875 – Mr. William Lai                                                             Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K182875

Device Name
DeepCT


Indications for Use (Describe)
DeepCT is a notification-only, parallel workflow tool for use by hospital networks and trained clinicians to identify and
communicate images of specific patients to a specialist, independent of standard of care workflow.
DeepCT uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images for findings suggestive of a pre-specified clinical
condition and to notify an appropriate medical specialist of these findings in parallel to standard of care image
interpretation. Identification of suspected findings is not for diagnostic use beyond notification. Specifically, the device
analyzes non-contrast CT images of the brain acquired in the acute setting and sends notifications to a specialist that a
suspected ICH (intracranial hemorrhage) has been identified and recommends review of those images.
Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing non-contrast CT images of the brain on a diagnostic viewer and engaging
in appropriate patient evaluation and relevant discussion with a treating specialist before making care-related decisions or
requests. DeepCT is limited to analysis of imaging data and should not be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or relied
upon to make or confirm diagnosis.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Deep01 Limited               DeepCT (Ver. 4.1.4): 510(k) Summary


       DeepCT (Ver. 4.1.4)

           510(k) Summary
            K182875


Page 5-1 of 5-7

Deep01 Limited               DeepCT (Ver. 4.1.4): 510(k) Summary


I. SUBMITTER

      Deep01 Limited

     Rm. 5, 11F., No.162, Sec. 4, Roosevelt Rd.,
       Taipei City 10091, Taiwan (R.O.C.)

        Tel: +886-2-2365-9959

       Contact Person: William Lai

      Date Prepared: Sep 26, 2018

II. DEVICE

     Name of Device: DeepCT

     Common or Usual Name: Radiological Computer-Assisted Triage And
        Notification Software

        Classification Name: Radiological Computer-Assisted Triage And
        Notification Software (21 CFR 892.2080)

       Regulatory Class: II

       Product Code: QAS

III. PREDICATE DEVICE

      DEN170073, ContaCT

      K180647, BriefCase

IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

       This software is used to analyze the head computed tomography image of
      a patient suspected of having intracranial hemorrhage and/or hematoma
        (hereinafter referred to as “ICH”). Provide a “present” situation (with ICH)
        notification, send a text message to the user.

       For example, after the finished CT scan of the patient, it will produce
       relevant CT information (including brain DICOM file). Relevant hospital
       personnel can use this software to perform AI analysis and interpretation
        of the DICOM file. During and after the software analysis, relevant
        hospital personnel can continue the general analysis procedure. If the
        result of the analysis is "present" (with ICH), relevant hospital personnel
         will receive a notification message. The use process is parallel to the


Page 5-2 of 5-7

Deep01 Limited               DeepCT (Ver. 4.1.4): 510(k) Summary


       general medical treatment process and does not involve or affect patient
       care procedures.

     When the software is not used, medical personnel perform a general
      image interpretation process. When using this software, medical
       personnel can refer to the interpretation results of this software and
       perform a general image interpretation process.

     DeepCT (Ver. 4.1.4) is a software-only device that uses two components:
        (1) Image Forwarding Software and (2) Image Processing and Analysis
       Server.

        (1) The Image Forwarding Software is configured by the hospital to be
      used on a computer and is responsible for transmitting a copy of DICOM
         files from the local through a secured channel to the Image Processing
      and Analysis Server.

     When the Image Forwarding Software receives the interpretation result
       from the Image Processing and Analysis Server, it shows the result on the
       screen. If there is a suggestive of ICH, the Image Forwarding Software
      sends a notification to the specialist identifying the study of interest. While
       the software informs the notification process, no other diagnostic
       information is generated from the software or available to the user beyond
       the notification.

        (2) The Image Processing and Analysis Server is responsible for
        receiving, assembling, processing, analyzing and storing DICOM images.
       This component includes the algorithm that is responsible for identifying
      and quantifying image characteristics that are consistent with a ICH and
       transmit the result back to the Image Forwarding Software.

      Environment of Use: Hospital emergency room

      The head CT scan is imaged as a series of DICOM data used as inputs
        for model training, performance validation and product qualification. The
       Tri-Service General Hospital Institutional Review Board, Kaohsiung
       Veterans General Hospital Institutional Review Board and National
      Taiwan University Hospital Research Ethics Committee all approved and
      consented the use of the retrospective image data for DeepCT
      development and deployment without relevant ethical concern. Radiology
       records were collected from 21,603 patients who underwent head CT
      scans between 2007 and 2017.

     A deep residual convolutional neural network (aka Residual Network or
      ResNet for short, see Kaiming He et al. https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.03385)


Page 5-3 of 5-7

Deep01 Limited               DeepCT (Ver. 4.1.4): 510(k) Summary


      was adopted as the core learning model. By repeatedly applying residual
       connection, the ResNet model can ease the training of networks that are
        substantially deeper, effectively help the convergence of the model and
       gain the accuracy with deep neural networks. The model was trained with
      a categorical cross-entropy loss with Adam optimizer. Data augmentation
      was introduced to motivate the model to learn the rotated and translated
       images. Our DeepCT system was trained with PyTorch, an open source
      deep learning software library (https://pytorch.org).

     Same model with three different layer size, 18, 34, 52, respectively, were
       trained to cross evaluate the model performance. 34-layer Residual
      Network was chose as the final model since it got the best tradeoff
      between performance and computation complexity. We saw little
      performance gain by extending from 34 to 52 layers.

V. INDICATIONS FOR USE

     DeepCT (Ver. 4.1.4) is notification-only, parallel workflow tool for use by
        hospital networks and trained clinicians to identify and communicate
      images of specific patients to a specialist, independent of standard of care
       workflow.

     DeepCT (Ver. 4.1.4) uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze
      images for findings suggestive of a pre-specified clinical condition and to
        notify an appropriate medical specialist of these findings in parallel to
       standard of care image interpretation. Identification of suspected findings
         is not for diagnostic use beyond notification. Specifically, the device
       analyzes non-contrast CT images of the brain acquired in the acute
        setting and sends notifications to a specialist that a suspected ICH has
      been identified and recommends review of those images.

        Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing non-contrast CT images of
       the brain on a diagnostic viewer and engaging in appropriate patient
       evaluation and relevant discussion with a treating specialist before making
       care-related decisions or requests. DeepCT (Ver. 4.1.4) is limited to
       analysis of imaging data and should not be used in-lieu of full patient
       evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm diagnosis.

      The Indications for Use statement for this device is not identical to the
       predicate device; however, the differences do not alter the intended
       therapeutic use of the device nor do they affect the safety and
       effectiveness of the device relative to the predicate. The user will receive
       the message of the result of interpretation, and he/she must use computer
        (not mobile device) to check complete image to make independent
       diagnosis. By providing different training to the artificial intelligence, it will


Page 5-4 of 5-7

Deep01 Limited               DeepCT (Ver. 4.1.4): 510(k) Summary


       perform different interpretation to different evaluation target in different
      image format.

VI. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE
PREDICATE DEVICE

        Similarities:

             Both ContaCT and DeepCT (Ver. 4.1.4):

             Are to identify and communicate CT images of specific patients to
            a specialist, independent of standard of care workflow.

           Use artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images for findings
              suggestive of a pre-specified clinical condition and to notify an
              appropriate medical specialist of these findings in parallel to
             standard of care image interpretation and recommends review of
             those images.

             Process images intended to aid in prioritization and triage of
                radiological medical images.

             Are not for diagnostic use beyond notification.

           Send notifications to a specialist. Those notifications work in
                parallel to the standard of care. They prompt the specialist to start
             preemptive triage of a notified case, upon which he may decide
                after observing the preview on his desktop, to turn to the local
          PACS to perform the evaluation.  If a notification is rejected, the
            case still remains in the queue to be handled per the standard of
               care.

             Are limited to analysis of imaging data and should not be used
                 in-lieu of full patient evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm
               diagnosis; and,

               Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing CT images of the
               brain on a diagnostic viewer and engaging in appropriate patient
              evaluation and relevant discussion with a treating specialist before
            making care-related decisions or requests.

       Differences:

           ContaCT preview images through a mobile application while
           DeepCT (Ver. 4.1.4) does not.


Page 5-5 of 5-7

Deep01 Limited               DeepCT (Ver. 4.1.4): 510(k) Summary


              This difference does not affect safety and effectiveness, since no
              matter which software the user use, the user will receive the
           message of the result of interpretation, and he/she must use
             computer (not mobile device) to check complete image to make
             independent diagnosis.

           DeepCT (Ver. 4.1.4) interprets non-contrast CT images for
             suspected ICH, while ContaCT interprets CT angiogram images
                 for suspected large vessel occlusion.

              This is simply the difference in evaluation target and image format.
             Both of them are to interpret by artificial intelligence. By providing
                different training to the artificial intelligence, it will perform different
                interpretation to different evaluation target in different image
               format. This difference does not affect safety and effectiveness.
           The performance evaluation results show that the performance of
              the two is equivalent.

VII. PERFORMANCE DATA

      The following performance data were provided in support of the
        substantial equivalence determination.

      Performance Testing

           Deep01 conducted a retrospective, multicenter, multinational study
               with the DeepCT software with the primary endpoint to evaluate
              the software’s performance in identifying non-contrast CT head
            images containing ICH findings in 260 cases from 5 clinical sites
               (2 US and 3 OUS). There are 130 cases in US study and 130
             cases in OUS study. There was approximately an equal number of
               positive and negative cases (images with ICH versus without ICH)
              included in the analysis.

                Sensitivity and specificity exceeded the 80% performance goal.
                Specifically, sensitivity was observed to be 93.8% (95% CI:
            88.3%-96.8%) and specificity was observed to be 92.3% (95% CI:
             86.4%-95.7%).

                In addition, a secondary endpoint measure was DeepCT’s
              processing time.

           The DeepCT processing time includes the time from browsing and
               selecting dicom files to the notification of the interpretation result.
           DeepCT processing time has been documented for all 122 cases.


Page 5-6 of 5-7

Deep01 Limited               DeepCT (Ver. 4.1.4): 510(k) Summary


           The processing time is 30.6 seconds (95% Cl: 25.8-35.4 seconds),
             which is lower than the processing time reported by the Aidoc
             BriefCase device.

                In summary, performance validation data establish the
             achievement of effective triage by the DeepCT image analysis
              algorithm as well as effective notification functionality of the
           DeepCT application.

       Software Verification and Validation Testing

             Software verification and validation testing were conducted and
             documentation was provided as recommended by FDA’s
            Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
             Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical
              Devices.”

VIII. CONCLUSIONS

      The performance data support the safety of the device and the software
        verification and validation demonstrate that the DeepCT (Ver. 4.1.4)
       device should perform as intended in the specified use conditions.


Page 5-7 of 5-7