July 19, 2019


Vitrolife A/S
Belinda Dueholm
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
Jens Juuls Vej 20
Viby J, 8260
DENMARK


Re:   K182798
       Trade/Device Name: KIDScore D3
       Regulation Number: 21 CFR 884.6195
       Regulation Name: Assisted reproduction embryo image assessment system
       Regulatory Class: Class II
       Product Code: PBH
       Dated: June 17, 2019
       Received: June 20, 2019

Dear Belinda Dueholm:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K182798 - Belinda Dueholm                                                            Page 2


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                         Michael T. Bailey -S

                                          For
                                         Sharon M. Andrews
                                                Assistant Division Director
                                  DHT3B: Division of Reproductive,
                                         Gynecology and Urology Devices
                                  OHT3: Office of Gastrorenal, ObGyn,
                                             General Hospital and Urology Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K182798

Device Name
KIDScore D3


Indications for Use (Describe)

The KIDScore D3 tool provides decision support for prediction of likelihood of embryos developing to the blastocyst
stage by scoring them according to their statistical viability.

Adjunctive information provided by KIDScore D3 aids in the selection of embryo(s) for either transfer on Day 3, freezing
or continued embryo development when, following morphological assessment on Day 3, there are multiple embryos
deemed suitable for transfer or freezing.

The KIDScore D3 tool is only to be used with the EmbryoScope and EmbryoScope+ timelapse incubator systems.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K182798
                                                                page 1 of 6


         510(k) Summary – KIDScore D3
                 K182798

1. Submitter Information

   Submitter                Vitrolife A/S
                       Jens Juuls Vej 20
                     8260 Viby J
                    Denmark

   Contact Person:      Ms. Belinda Dueholm
   Telephone:         +45 7221 7900 (main)
                     +45 2076 3707 (direct)

2. Date Prepared:        July 19th, 2019

3. Device Information

    Proprietary Name:    KIDScore D3
  Common Name:      Assisted Reproduction Embryo Image Assessment System
   Regulation Number:  21 CFR 884.6195
   Regulation Name:     Assisted Reproduction Embryo Image Assessment System
   Product Code:      PBH (Embryo Image Assessment System, Assisted Reproduction)
   Regulatory Class         II

4. Predicate Device

Eeva(TM) System, K142147, Auxogyn Inc.

The predicate device has not been subject to any design related recalls.

5. Device Description

The KIDScore D3 decision support tool is an adjunctive algorithm that is designed to support
embryologists in their decision about which embryos are suitable for transfer. The tool is an optional
accessory to the EmbryoViewer software. It is used in the “Compare & Select” function. The “D3” in
the name refers to the use of the algorithm on Day 3 for aiding the embryologist in preparing for
transfer of the embryo to the female patient.

KIDScore D3 utilizes the following manually annotated parameters to aid in identifying embryos that
are suitable for transfer:

       Pronuclei (number of pronuclei):
      tPNf (time from insemination until pronuclei is fading)
       t2 (time from insemination to complete division to two cells)


                                                                                Page 1 of 6

K182798
                                                                  page 2 of 6


       t3 (time from insemination to complete division to three cells)
       t4 (time for insemination to complete division to four cells)
       t5 (time from insemination to complete division to five cells)
       t8 (time from insemination to complete division to eight cells)

The KIDScore D3 assigns scores by comparing the parameters above in embryos to the model
criteria, one criterion at a time until the process stops either because the embryo did not pass one
of the criteria in the sequence or because the last criterion in the model was reached. From the
information available at day three of incubation, the KIDScore D3 divides embryos into five score
groups (1-5, as described below):

    0 = The embryo is not 2PN

    1 = Initial development was too fast or the embryo displayed a direct cleavage from one to
         three cells

    2 = The embryo was slow to develop

    3 = Embryo development was irregular and the development pace increased from day two to
        day three

    4 = Embryo development was irregular and the development pace slowed from day two to day
         three

         and/or

       The number of cells annotated at 66 hours was not as expected

5 = The embryo passed all of the avoidance criteria included in the model.

One or more computers running the EmbryoViewer software may be connected to the ES Server.
KIDScore D3 is stored on the computer running the ES Server software. Calculations related to the
model in KIDScore D3 are performed on the computer running the ES Server software.


6. Indications for Use

The KIDScore D3 tool provides decision support for prediction of likelihood of embryos developing
to the blastocyst stage by scoring them according to their statistical viability.

Adjunctive information provided by KIDScore D3 aids in the selection of embryo(s) for either transfer
on Day 3, freezing or continued embryo development when, following morphological assessment on
Day 3, there are multiple embryos deemed suitable for transfer or freezing.

The KIDScore D3 tool is only to be used with the EmbryoScope and EmbryoScope+ timelapse
incubator systems.


                                                                                Page 2 of 6

K182798
                                                                page 3 of 6


7. Comparison of Intended Use and Technological Characteristics of the Subject and
Predicate Device

Intended Use


Devices   Subject device (K182798) – KIDScore D3   Predicate device (K142147) – Eeva System
         The  KIDScore D3  tool  provides  decision
           support for prediction of likelihood of embryos
           developing to the blastocyst stage by scoring The Eeva System  is indicated to provide adjunctive
         them according to their statistical viability.     information on events occurring during the first two days
                                                               of development that may predict further development to
           Adjunctive information provided by KIDScore the blastocyst stage on Day 5 of development. This
        D3 aids in the selection of embryo(s) for either adjunctive information aids in the selection of embryo(s)
Indications transfer on Day  3,  freezing  or  continued for transfer on Day 3 when, following morphological
for Use   embryo   development   when,    following assessment on Day 3, there are multiple embryos
           morphological assessment on Day 3, there are deemed suitable for transfer or freezing. The device
            multiple embryos deemed suitable for transfer may also be used  to  collect  additional  time-lapse
            or freezing.                             images until Day 5 of development for embryos not
                                                        selected for transfer, to allow monitoring of continued
         The KIDScore D3 tool is only to be used with embryo development.
           the EmbryoScope and EmbryoScope+ timelapse incubator systems.

The intended use of the subject device is the same as the predicate device – both are intended to provide adjunctive
information (decision support) to the embryologist/clinician at Day 3 of culture to aid the user in selecting embryos
for transfer/freezing during assisted reproduction procedures.

Technological Characteristics


                         Subject device         Predicate device
                         (KIDScoreD3,          (Eeva System,        Comments
                        K182798)             K142147)


                                                                                 Different: The subject
                                                                           device is a software
                                                                        accessory to be used
                                                                                 with the Embryoscope
                             Integrates the
                                                  Time-lapse system      imaging incubator to
                        KIDScore D3 decision
                                             used in conventional     provide adjunctive
                           support tool on the
                                                      incubator with analysis   information regarding
                      Compare & Select
                                                    software that             blastocyst quality. The
                       page of the
   Device Design                                     automatically identifies   predicate device is a
                         Embryoviewer software
                                            embryo development     time lapse imaging
                           present on the
                                                  events for use in a      system to be used in a
                       Embryoscope and
                                                       blastocyst prediction     conventional incubator
                       Embryoscope +
                                             model                     that utilizes automated
                            devices.
                                                                  image analysis to
                                                                             provide adjunctive
                                                                                 blastocyst quality
                                                                                   information. These


                                                                                Page 3 of 6

K182798
                                                                page 4 of 6


                                                                                 differences do not raise
                                                                                          different questions of
                                                                                 safety and
                                                                                   effectiveness.


                                                                                  Different. The subject
                                                                           device utilizes an
                          Software                                            elimination model with
                                                                          user annotation as the
                         User annotations of                                   input, whereas the
                       embryo development    Software                 predicate device
                          parameters used as                                     utilizes a predictive
   Algorithm                algorithm inputs          Cell tracking and event   algorithm that uses
                                                      inference used as       automated cell tracking
                         Score based on criteria   algorithm inputs        and image analysis
                          which are either related                              inputs. These
                               to embryo morphology                             differences do not raise
                              or development stage                                 different questions of
                                                                                 safety and
                                                                                   effectiveness.
                                                                                  Different. The subject
                                                                           device utilizes input
                                                                        from manual
                                            Image analysis           annotations, whereas
                        Manual input of          software automatically   the predicate device
   Annotation method      embryo development      identifies embryo          utilizes an automated
                           events and timing       development events     image analysis system.
                                            and timing            These differences do
                                                                              not raise different
                                                                            questions of safety and
                                                                                   effectiveness.

The technological characteristics of the subject and predicate device are different – the subject
device has  different  predictive algorithms  for blastocyst  quality, and  different software and
annotation functions. However, different types of safety and effectiveness questions are not raised
by these differences in technological characteristics.

8. Summary of Non-Clinical Performance Testing

Devices classified under 21 CFR 884.6195 (Assisted Reproduction Embryo Image Assessment
System) and product code PBH must address several non-clinical special controls, including
software validation, verification, and hazard analysis, an assessment of light exposure and output,
simulated use, cleaning and disinfection, package integrity and transit testing, electrical safety and
electromagnetic compatibility testing, and prediction algorithm reproducibility.

As the subject device  is an optional accessory to the EmbryoViewer software used  in the
EmbryoScope+ incubator (cleared under K173264), some of the special controls do not apply to this
submission. The previously cleared version of the Embryoscope+ has met the special controls
associated with the majority of the non-clinical performance testing listed above.


In the current submission, the sponsor has addressed the special controls associated with software
and algorithm reproducibility. The software verification and validation testing provided in this


                                                                                Page 4 of 6

K182798
                                                               page 5 of 6


submission met the requirements of the FDA Guidance Document, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices” issued on May 11, 2005. The
reproducibility of the prediction algorithm is addressed in the summary of clinical testing described
below.

9. Summary of Clinical Testing

Devices classified under 21 CFR 884.6195 (Assisted Reproduction Embryo Image Assessment
System) and product code PBH must address a clinical special control to demonstrate reasonable
assurance of safety and effectiveness of the device to predict embryo development. The clinical
study is described below.

The safety and effectiveness of the KIDScore D3 was investigated in a prospective, single arm,
multi-center clinical study conducted at six sites in the United States. This was a non-interventional
clinical study where the KIDScore D3 was not used during patient treatment. The purpose of the
study was to collect data to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of the KIDScore D3’s ability to
predict which embryos are most likely to develop to blastocyst stage. This was evaluated by using
the KIDScore D3 as adjunct information to traditional morphological grading. Imaging data was
collected on embryos cultured to day 5. Embryologists were masked to imaging data and evaluation
was only based on morphology and KIDScore D3 scores.

Objective

The study was aimed at analyzing the utilization of established morphology methods with adjunct
outcome of an algorithm (KIDScore D3) that provides a score (1 – 5) from timings of morphokinetic
events.

Study Design

A double-blinded, multi-center study, designed to evaluate the odds ratios and other measures for
outcomes of methodologies used for embryo assessment: day 3 morphology alone and day 3
morphology with KIDScore D3 results as adjunct information.

Selection of Study Data

The data included embryos from 81 patients who underwent in vitro fertilization (IVF) treatment using
their own eggs or donor eggs. These data are a subset taken from a total collection of 4152 embryos
from 1338 treatments where all sibling embryos have been annotated for the morphokinetic events
required by KIDScore D3. These data originate from treatments that were carried out in European
IVF clinics, in the period 2009 – 2014.

Primary endpoint

The primary endpoint of the study was to assess the association between the adjunct prediction of
blastocyst outcome and the actual blastocyst outcome. The purpose was to determine if KIDScore
D3 was informative for embryos graded as an A, B, or C using Day 3 morphology category
assignment as compared to the predicate device (Eeva system). For those Good/Fair embryos, the
blastocyst Odds Ratio (OR) for the adjunct prediction is required to be statistically significantly
greater than 1.


                                                                                Page 5 of 6

K182798
                                                             page 6 of 6


Secondary endpoints

The following calculations were assessed as secondary endpoints:

      Embryo level diagnostic performance measures
        o   specificity
        o   sensitivity
        o  negative predictive value
        o  positive predictive value
        o  negative likelihood ratio
        o  positive likelihood ratio
      Top 2 Embryo analysis
      Treatment level analysis

Results

The study demonstrated that the adjunct use of KIDScore D3 improved the selection of embryos for
transfer compared with morphology alone. In the primary endpoint, it was shown that the adjunct
use of KIDScore D3 was informative for blastocyst outcome.

The study showed that both the KIDScore D3 and the Eeva system were predictive of blastocyst
outcome, with odds ratios greater than one for both systems, as described in the figure below:

                               KIDScore D3           Eeva
       Odds ratio               4.13                     2.57
       95% CI                  3.48 – 4.9               1.88 – 3.51
       P value                 <0.0001                <0.0001


10. Conclusion

The subject and predicate devices have the same intended use and fundamental technological
characteristics. The differences in technological characteristics between subject and predicate
devices do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness. The performance data and
clinical testing demonstrate that the subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                                                Page 6 of 6