July 26, 2019

Healthy.io Ltd
Ron Zohar
Chief Product Officer
2 Ibn Gabirol Street
Tel Aviv, 6407702
Israel

Re: K182384
Trade/Device Name: ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1225
    Regulation Name: Creatinine test system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JFY, JIR, KQO
    Dated: June 25, 2019
    Received: June 25, 2019

Dear Ron Zohar:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K182384 - Ron Zohar                                                                 Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).


                                                Sincerely,

                      Kellie B. Kelm -S

                                                Kellie Kelm, Ph.D.
                                           Acting Director
                                             Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                         and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

The ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System is comprised of a smartphone application, a proprietary Color-Board, and
ACR Reagent Strips. It is intended for the semi-quantitative detection of albumin and creatinine in urine, as well as the
presentation of their ratio. The ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System is intended for in-vitro diagnostic use by a
healthcare professional in a point of care setting. These results may be used in conjunction with clinical evaluation as
an aid in the diagnosis for kidney function.


                                                                                              040

Attachment 3


                                  510(K) SUMMARY

                Healthy.io’s ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System k182384


Submitter

Healthy.io Ltd.
2 Ibn Gabirol St.
Tel Aviv, 6407702 Israel
Phone: +972-54-445-4514
Fax: +972-77-470-4808
Contact Person: Ron Zohar

Date Prepared: July 2019

Name of Device: ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System

Common or Usual Name: Smartphone enabled albumin-creatinine ratio analyzer

Regulation Section and Classification Name:

Class I: Albumin
Class II: Creatinine
21 CFR § 862.1645 Urinary protein or albumin (non-quantitative) test system
21 CFR § 862.1225 Creatinine test system
21 CFR § 862.2900 Automated urinalysis system

Product Code:
JIR
JFY
KQO

Classification Panel: Clinical Chemistry

Predicate Device:

The ACR | LAB is substantially equivalent to the following predicate device:

 Manufacturer               Device                               510(k) Number
 ACON Laboratories Inc.       Mission U120 Ultra Urine Analyzer    k142391
                          and Mission Urinalysis Reagent Strips
                              (Microalbumin/Creatinine)


                                         1

Device Description:
The ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System is comprised of a smartphone application, a proprietary ColorBoard and ACR Reagent Strips. It is intended for the semi-quantitative detection of albumin and creatinine
in urine, as well as the presentation of their ratio.
The device is provided as a kit that is comprised of a canister of 100 FDA-cleared urine test strips (ACON
Laboratories Inc. Mission Urinalysis Reagent Strips (Microalbumin/Creatinine) k150330), 10 Color-Boards,
and a User Manual. The ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System also consists of a smartphone application for
use on iPhone 7 device (iOS 12), and an image recognition algorithm running on the Backend1.

The software component of the ACR | LAB consists of both an application (App) and a Backend server
(Backend). The App instructs the professional user how to accurately perform the test. The App conducts
a series of boundary condition analyses, and if the scan is approved, sends the information to the Backend
for complete analysis and results classification. Once analyzed, the results are securely transmitted to a
patient Electronic Medical Record for review by a healthcare professional. The patients do not have access
to the results at any point during the testing process.

Device Components:
The ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System is comprised of the following components:
    1. A canister of 100 Mission Urinalysis Reagent Strips U031-021 (ACON Laboratories Inc., k150330)
    2. Ten individually wrapped Color-Boards
    3. A smartphone App
    4. A backend, cloud-based server
    5. A user manual
    6. iPhone 7 with iOS 12 (not provided)

Intended Use/Indication for Use:

The ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System is comprised of a smartphone application, a proprietary ColorBoard, and ACR Reagent Strips. It is intended for the semi-quantitative detection of albumin and
creatinine in urine, as well as the presentation of their ratio. The ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System is
intended for in-vitro diagnostic use by a healthcare professional in a point of care setting. These results
may be used in conjunction with clinical evaluation as an aid in the diagnosis for kidney function.

Comparison of ACR | LAB and ACON Laboratories’ Mission U120 Ultra Urine Analyzer:

Table 1 below summarizes similarities and variabilities between the ACR | LAB and its predicate device,
ACON  Laboratories’  Mission U120  Ultra  Urine  Analyzer and  Mission  Urinalysis  Reagent  Strips
(Microalbumin/Creatinine) (k142391).


1     Backend will henceforth refer to the system’s cloud-based servers, which run the server-side
      algorithms, and turn the algorithms’ analysis into  clinical  results. These are then securely
      transmitted to a patient Electronic Medical Record. The ACR | LAB Backend is HIPAA compliant and
      uses advanced security protocols for data handling and transmission.

                                         2

Table 1: Comparison between ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System and the ACON Laboratories’ Mission
                         U120 Ultra Urine Analyzer (k142391)

Feature                     Healthy.io’s ACR | LAB Urine     ACON Laboratories' Mission U120
                           Analysis Test System (k182384)        Ultra Urine Analyzer and strips
                                                                      (k142391)
Intended Use          The ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test    The  Mission®  U120  Ultra  Urine
                      System is comprised of a              Analyzer  is a uranalysis instrument
                     smartphone application, a            intended for in vitro diagnostic use. It
                         proprietary Color-Board, and ACR        is intended for professional use only at
                      Reagent Strips. It is intended for the   point-of-care locations. The Mission
                         semi-quantitative detection of       U120 Ultra Urine Analyzer is intended
                      albumin and creatinine in urine, as     to read Mission® Urinalysis Reagent
                         well as the presentation of their        Strips (Microalbumin/Creatinine) for
                             ratio. The ACR | LAB Urine Analysis    the  semi-quantitative measurement
                         Test System is intended for in-vitro    of  albumin  and  creatinine.  These
                          diagnostic use by a healthcare       measurements  are  used  to  assist
                          professional in a point of care         diagnosis for kidney function.
                            setting. These results may be used
                            in conjunction with clinical
                         evaluation as an aid in the diagnosis
                           for kidney function.


Test Specimen          Urine                               Urine
Detection               Reflectance Photometry              Reflectance Photometry
Methodology

Detection device        Photosensitive Diode                 Photosensitive Diode


Operating Conditions    0-35°C (32-95°F); ≤93% Humidity      0-40ºC (32-104ºF); ≤85% Humidity
                        (non-condensing)                    (non-condensing)
 Strips to be used        Mission Urinalysis Reagent Strips      Mission Urinalysis Reagent Strips
                     U031-021 (k150330)               U031-021
 Strip Operating         15-30°C [59°-86°F]                   15-30°C [59°-86°F]
Conditions           20%-80% Relative humidity (non-     20%-80% Relative humidity (noncondensing)                         condensing)
 Strip Incubation Time   1 minute                         1 minute
Calibration             Automatic                         Automatic
Power Source          Not Applicable                    6 AA batteries 100- 240 VAC
                                                                  (adapter), (46-65 Hz± 1HZ)
Line Leakage Current    Not Applicable                   <2.5mA
Data Transfer            Via  internet connection from the  USB port (data communications);
                      Backend    to    the    dedicated  Standard RS232C port  for barcode
                     smartphone as well as to a patient  reader or data transfer or external
                          Electronic Medical Record (EMR)       printer
 Capabilities             Transmission to EMR  via internet   Internal  printer  (included)  25  pin
                       connection                              parallel    external    printer    port


                                        3

Feature                     Healthy.io’s ACR | LAB Urine     ACON Laboratories' Mission U120
                            Analysis Test System (k182384)        Ultra Urine Analyzer and strips
                                                                       (k142391)
                                                           connector (included) barcode reader
                                                                    (optional)
                                                     RS232C barcode reader
                                                            Bluetooth adapter
                                                             Ethernet via USB to RJ45 adapter
                                                 USB wireless net-card (optional)
                                                   SD card or USB flash drive for software
                                                        update
 Available languages on   English (others as installed)            English (default) and additional
 screen                                                     languages
 Measuring cycle        Approximately 1 minute per test      Approximately 1 minute per test
 Smartphones           iPhone 7                         Not Applicable
 Operating Systems      iOS 12                           Not Applicable
 Dimensions              5.0 cm (H) x 23.2 cm (W) x 18.5 (L)    260 mm (L) x 150 mm (W) x 175 mm
                                                      (W)
 Weight               <380 g (not including the dedicated   < 1.66 kg without batteries or power
                       smartphone)                        supply

Summary of Equivalence Discussion:

ACR | LAB and its predicate device, ACON Laboratories’ Mission U120 Ultra Urine Analyzer (k142391),
both are intended for prescription, in vitro diagnostic use by a healthcare professional in a point of care
setting, with test results reviewed by a clinician for further care. The Method Comparison study results
and bench test results demonstrate substantial equivalence and provide evidence for the safety and
effectiveness of the ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System in comparison to the ACON Laboratories’
Mission U120 Ultra Urine Analyzer and Mission Urinalysis Reagent Strips (Microalbumin/Creatinine)
 (k142391).


Summary of Performance Data:
Healthy.io conducted both bench and clinical studies to test the accuracy of the ACR | LAB Analysis Test
System and its agreement with its predicate device. These analytical and clinical performance studies
(conducted in three independent point of care clinical sites in the United States) as well as the software
validation testing are summarized below.

Analytical Performance Testing:
The performance characteristics of the ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System were evaluated by the
following analytical performance tests:

Precision. This study was comprised of two separate sub-studies, including: 1) Repeatability; and 2)
Reproducibility. The precision studies were designed and executed in accordance with guidance provided
by Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute document EP05-A3 – Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative
Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline – Third Edition.


                                         4

§   The Repeatability study was conducted at three sites over the course of one day. Each operator tested
    three spiked levels of urine using twenty ACR Reagent Strips (Strips) from three lots on a dedicated
    iPhone 7 device. For each analyte, 189 total tests were performed during the Repeatability study (189
    = 3 sites X 3 solutions X 3 lots X 7 strips X 1 phones). The ACR | LAB device recorded an exact match of
   100% during the study.

§   The Reproducibility study was conducted at three sites over the course of 20 days, with test operators
    switching locations every six-to-seven days. For every run, each operator used a dedicated iPhone 7
    device to test three spiked levels of urine. To do this, the operator used three Strips per sample, one
     Strip each from three separate lots. Five devices were used throughout course of the study. These were
    rotated, with three phones used on any given day. For each analyte, 1,080 total tests were taken during
    the Reproducibility study (3 sites x 3 solutions X 3 lots x 2 runs x 20 days x 1 device). The ACR | LAB
    device recorded an exact match of 99.8% during the course of the study.

Interference. Testing of potential interfering substances with the ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System
was designed and executed in accordance with guidance provided by Clinical and Laboratory Standards
Institute document EP07 – Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry – Third Edition; and EP37 -
Supplemental Tables for Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry, 1st Edition.

§   Interference was defined as a change in output of ≥1 color block between spiked and unspiked
    (control) samples. Once interference was detected, a dose-response study was carried out at three
    decreasing intervals to determine the lowest concentration level that causes interference. Interfering
    substances and their lowest concentrations causing interference were identified and listed in the
    accompanying User Manual.

Limit of Detection. Testing of the ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System Limits of Detection was designed
and executed in accordance with guidance provided by Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI)
document EP17-A2 – Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures;
Approved Guideline – Second Edition.

§   The Limit of Detection study was based on validated spiked or diluted urine solutions at known
    concentrations for each analyte. The samples were adjusted to concentrations that were divided into
    four equivalent intervals between the stated cut-off blocs. The cut-off for each block is defined as the
    lowest concentration at which >55% of the results were positive.

Linearity. The linearity study of the ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System was designed and executed in
accordance with guidance provided by the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) document EP6-
A – Evaluation of Linearity of Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A Statistical Approach; Approved
Guideline.

§   The Linearity study tested the ability of the ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System to provide results
    that are directly proportional to the concentrations of analytes within each test sample. The study
    tested the entire range of values that the ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System is designed to measure.
    These expected  values were presented  against  actual  device  results. Both  of the  analytes
    demonstrated a linear relationship between variables, with no biases disrupting the overall pattern of
     linearity.


                                         5

Timing Flex Study. This experiment essentially consists of four different studies: 1. carry-over; 2. dipping;
3. wetting (blotting); and 4. assay-time; and was designed to evaluate how the timing of dipping, wetting,
and blotting, as well as carry-over of the Strips impacts the ability of the ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test
System to accurately measure the levels of albumin and creatinine in a urine sample. The framework of
this study is based primarily on similar studies of devices with similar indications for use.

§   Carry-Over. In this study, strips were held in both the "up" (with the creatinine on top) and "down"
    (with the albumin on top) positions for different time intervals after being dipped in spiked solutions.
   None of the carry-over time durations, in both "up" and "down" configurations had any impact on the
   ACR | LAB's ability to measure accurate results. The study used the most extreme cases, testing for
    high-positive "run-off" into low-positive patches.

§   Wetting (Blotting) Time: This experiment tested six different "blotting" times, i.e. the tester dipped the
     Strip and then waited a specific amount of time (0-, 5-, 10-, 20-, 40- and 60-seconds) before blotting
    the Strip and scanning it with the ACR | LAB device. For creatinine, none of the various dipping times
    impacted the accuracy of the device. For albumin, waiting 60-seconds to blot the strip resulted in False
    Positive results. The User Manual and in-app instructions direct the professional user to dip, blot, and
    place the strip on the Color-Board in quick succession.

§   Dipping Time. Strips were dipped in spiked solutions for four different time durations (1-, 2-, 5-, and
    10-seconds) to test the impact of various dipping times on the ACR | LAB's ability to perform accurate
    measurements. For creatinine, none of the various dipping times impacted the accuracy of the device.
    For albumin, at times 5- and 10-seconds there was an increase in False Positive results. The User
   Manual and in-app instructions direct the professional user to dip the ACR Reagent Strip for 1-second.

§   Assay Time: This experiment tested how different assay times impacted the ACR | LAB's ability to
   measure accurate results. Strips were dipped and then immediately blotted, per the device's
    instructions. The user then waited a predetermined amount of time (60-, 80-, 100-, or 120- seconds)
    before scanning the strip. None of the assay time durations had any impact on the ACR | LAB's ability
    to accurately measure albumin or creatinine. The User Manual and the in-app instructions direct the
    professional user to scan the Strip and Color-Board once the in-app timer has indicated that 60-seconds
    have elapsed.

Stability. This stability experiment was designed to test the ACR | LAB ability to provide accurate
measurements after subjecting the device kit to both real time and accelerated aging timeframes and
conditions that could arise during transportation (e.g. temperature, humidity and vibration). In addition,
an open vial experiment was also conducted. After exposure to these transportation conditions and
timeframes, the performance of the kits was evaluated through a number of functional tests. The ACR |
LAB device was not affected by any of these parameters and its stability was therefore confirmed.

Clinical Performance Testing:

Method Comparison. The objective of the Method Comparison study was to test the ACR | LAB's degree
of agreement with its predicate device, when operated by a professional user at a point-of-care location

The primary acceptance criteria for the study were the percent of exact match and ±1 color block match
between the ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System and the predicate. Throughout the testing, the ACR |


                                         6

LAB Urine Analysis Test System demonstrated high levels of accuracy as demonstrated by its percent of
agreement with the predicate device.

Study Design

The study evaluated native urine samples from 375 subjects as well as 60 contrived samples at three U.S.
clinical sites. The ACR | LAB device was provided to the study coordinators. All subjects were asked to
provide a urine sample. Two separate lab technicians were responsible for measuring each urine sample.
The first lab technician measured the urine sample using the iPhone 7 device; the second technician
measured the urine sample using the predicate device, the ACON Laboratories’ Mission U120 Ultra Urine
Analyzer (U120 Ultra). Each urine sample was tested twice in total; once with the iPhone 7 device and then
subsequently with the predicate device (U120 Ultra). The results of the ACR | LAB device and results
measured by the predicate (U120 Ultra) were compared.

Study Results – Accuracy

The overall agreement (% exact match) between the ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System and the
predicate device was 89% for albumin and 84% for creatinine. The overall agreement between the ACR |
LAB Urine Analysis Test System and the predicate device when measuring the albumin-creatinine ratio was
93%. The ± 1 color block % agreement between the ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test System and the predicate
device was 100% for albumin, 100% for creatinine, and 100% for the albumin-creatinine ratio.

The high rates with which the ACR | LAB measured the same results as the predicate ACON Laboratories’
Mission U120 Ultra Urine Analyzer demonstrate substantial equivalence between the two devices.

Software Validation:

Validation of the ACR | LAB device software was performed according to clause 14 of IEC 60601-1 (third
edition) Software requirements, IEC 62304:2004 to IEC 62304 – 2006/AC 2008, Medical device, and
Software life-cycle processes standards. The software related documents were composed according to the
specific IEEE standards and the FDA Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software
Contained in Medical Devices. The Software Validation documents summarize the validation assessment
and demonstrate that the software meets the design requirements and all potential risks have been
mitigated.

In accordance with the FDA’s guidance for management of cyber-security in medical devices, the OCR’s
HIPAA regulation and ISO 27001:2013, Healthy.io conducted a comprehensive hazard analysis. The cyber
security analysis report, together with the cyber security validation test report summarizes the assessment
process for cyber security and demonstrates that the software meets the required level of cyber security
protection.

Conclusions:

The clinical and analytical performance study results demonstrate that the ACR | LAB Urine Analysis Test
System is substantially equivalent to the predicate device Mission® U120 Ultra Urine Analyzer and
Mission Urinalysis Reagent Strips (Microalbumin/Creatinine) (FDA 510(k): k142391).


                                         7