December 19, 2018

CathWorks Ltd.
℅ Sheila Hemeon-Heyer
President
Heyer Regulatory Solutions LLC
125 Cherry Lane
Amherst, Massachusetts 01002

Re: K182149
    Trade/Device Name:  FFRangio TM System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1415
    Regulation Name: Coronary Vascular Physiologic Simulation Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QEK
    Dated: December 17, 2018
    Received: December 18, 2018

Dear Sheila Hemeon-Heyer:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 3 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K182149 - Sheila Hemeon-Heyer                                                        Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good
manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820)
for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if
applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-
1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and
Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website
(http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone
(1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                                                                                                                                        Digitally signed by Shawn W. Forrest -A
                                                                                                      DN: c=US, o=U.S. Government,                    Shawn W.         ou=HHS, ou=FDA, ou=People,
                                                                                                                 0.9.2342.19200300.100.1.1=130040334
                                                                                                                                                 1, cn=Shawn W. Forrest -A                            Forrest -A           Date: 2018.12.19 14:48:08 -05'00'

                                   Bram D. Zuckerman, M.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Device Evaluation
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.


510(k) Number (if known)
K182149

Device Name

FFRangio™


Indications for Use (Describe)

CathWorks FFRangio™ is a software device for the clinical quantitative and qualitative analysis of previously acquired
angiography DICOM data for patients with coronary artery disease. It provides FFRangio™, a mathematically derived
quantity, computed from simulated blood flow information obtained from a 3D computer model, generated from coronary
angiography images. FFRangio™ analysis is intended to support the functional evaluation of coronary artery disease. The
results of this analysis are provided as a supportive aid for qualified clinicians in the evaluation and assessment of
coronary arteries physiology. The results of CathWorks FFRangio™ are intended to be used by qualified clinicians in
conjunction with the patient’s clinical history, symptoms, and other diagnostic tests, as well as the clinician’s professional
evaluation.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary                                                         K182149


                                 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted per the
requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

A.   Submitter:                 Heyer Regulatory Solutions LLC
                                 P.O. Box 2151
                                 Amherst, MA 01004-2151
                                   Contact: Sheila Hemeon-Heyer
                                 Sheila@heyer-regulatory.com

B.   Manufacturer Contact:      CathWorks, Ltd.
                                               Ilanit Frank Hakim
                             3 Rappaport St.
                                    Kfar Saba 4465141, ISRAEL
                                       Tel: +972 9 7467387
                                   ilanit@cath.works

C.   Date Prepared:            December 19, 2018

D.   Device Name and Classification Information:

    Trade Name:                 FFRangio™ System
     Classification Name:          Coronary Vascular Physiologic Simulation Software
                                Device
   Common Name:                  Digital FFR System
    Regulation:                 21 CFR 870.1415
    Product Code:           QEK
    Review Panel:                 Cardiovascular
    Class:                                         II

E.   Predicate Device(s):        K161772 for FFRCT, manufactured by HeartFlow, Inc.

F.  Summary Device Description:

    The FFRangio™ system is a computer system installed on a mobile cart that is to be
     located inside the catheterization room or in an adjacent technical/viewing area.
    The cart holds the computer processing unit, user interface control station (LCD
     screen and keyboard/mouse), medical isolation transformer, and network isolator.
     Operation requires only connections to mains and a DICOM communication port.
    The system supports optional visual media output to the Cath Lab main displays,
     so the system GUI may be observed on both the system's LCD display and on the
     Cath Lab's main display (boom monitor).


CathWorks FFRangio™ Traditional 510(k)                                         Page-1 of 8

510(k) Summary                                                         K182149


        FFRangio™ uses standard angiographic images (angiograms) that are retrieved
        from the X-ray Imaging System (C-arm) in DICOM format. The user selects the
       images and, following the system prompts, marks key features on the images
         including the target lesion, ostium location, main vessel, target vessel, and its side
        branches. The system then matches the corresponding vessels among the
         projections and generates a 3D computer model of the vessels. The 3D model is
       used for blood flow analysis and determination of the FFRangio.

   G.   Indications for Use Statement:

       CathWorks FFRangio™ is a software device for the clinical quantitative and
         qualitative analysis of previously acquired angiography DICOM data for patients
        with coronary artery disease. It provides FFRangio™, a mathematically derived
         quantity, computed from simulated blood flow information obtained from a 3D
       computer model, generated from coronary angiography images. FFRangio™ analysis
          is intended to support the functional evaluation of coronary artery disease. The
         results of this analysis are provided as a supportive aid for qualified clinicians in the
        evaluation and assessment of coronary arteries physiology. The results of
       CathWorks FFRangio™ are intended to be used by qualified clinicians in conjunction
        with the patient’s clinical history, symptoms, and other diagnostic tests, as well as
        the clinician’s professional evaluation.

   H.  Comparison with Predicate Device

       The CathWorks FFRangio™ and the HeartFlow FFRCT are both coronary physiologic
         simulation software devices that use data extracted from coronary imaging to
         provide a noninvasive assessment of fractional flow reserve (FFR). The primary
         difference between the two devices for the purposes of 510(k) substantial
        equivalence is that the FFRangio™ uses data extracted from angiographic images,
         while the FFRCT uses data extracted from CT scans. The table below provides a
         technological comparison between the two devices. Discussion of the differences
           is provided following the table.


                                                           Predicate Device
                  CathWorks FFRangio™
                                                      HeartFlow FFRCT2.0
Indications    CathWorks FFRangio™ is a software    HeartFlow FFRCT is a coronary
for Use        device for the clinical quantitative and   physiologic simulation software for the
                  qualitative analysis of previously          clinical quantitative and qualitative
               acquired angiography DICOM data     analysis of previously acquired
                  for patients with coronary artery       Computed Tomography DICOM data
               disease. It provides FFRangio™, a         for clinically stable symptomatic
               mathematically derived quantity,        patients with coronary artery disease.
             computed from simulated blood flow       It provides FFRCT, a mathematically
                information obtained from a 3D         derived quantity, computed from
              computer model, generated from       simulated pressure, velocity and blood


   CathWorks FFRangio™ Traditional 510(k)                                         Page-2 of 8

510(k) Summary                                                         K182149


                                                           Predicate Device
                  CathWorks FFRangio™
                                                      HeartFlow FFRCT2.0
               coronary angiography images.          flow information obtained from a 3D
            FFRangio™ analysis is intended to     computer model generated from static
               support the functional evaluation of     coronary CT images. FFRCT analysis
               coronary artery disease. The results     is intended to support the functional
                 of this analysis are provided as a       evaluation of coronary artery disease.
                supportive aid for qualified clinicians   The results of this analysis are
                   in the evaluation and assessment of    provided to support qualified clinicians
               coronary arteries physiology. The       to aid in the evaluation and
                 results of CathWorks FFRangio™ are    assessment of coronary arteries. The
               intended to be used by qualified         results of HeartFlow FFRCT are
                  clinicians in conjunction with the        intended to be used by qualified
                 patient’s clinical history, symptoms,      clinicians in conjunction with the
             and other diagnostic tests, as well as    patient’s clinical history, symptoms,
               the clinician’s professional evaluation.  and other diagnostic tests, as well as
                                                      the clinician’s professional judgment.
System       Computer system with software that    Computer system with software that
overview       constructs and displays a 3D           constructs and displays a 3D computer
              computer model of the coronary       model of the coronary arteries to
                 arteries to simulate blood flow          simulate blood flow
Image source  Standard DICOM angiographic         Previously obtained CT images
             images taken in Cath Lab
Software      Yes                            Yes
controlled
On-line       Yes                         No
processing
Sensitivity*    93.5% (lower 95% CI, 87.8%)        84.2% (lower 95% CI, 75.8%)
Specificity*    91.2% (lower 95% CI, 86.0%)        84.9% (lower 95% CI, 80.4%)

   *Sensitivity and specificity are the per vessel estimates as reported for the proposed and predicate
   device pivotal clinical studies.

   Discussion of Differences

   The key difference between the FFRangio™ and FFRCT devices is that FFRangio™ analysis
    is based on standard angiograms taken in the cath lab, while FFRCT uses previously
   obtained CT scans. This enables FFRangio™ to be used on-line in the cath lab to provide
   the FFR measure during the procedure. Clinical data collected in the FFRangio™ pivotal
    clinical study demonstrated high sensitivity and specificity. Subgroup analyses
   demonstrated that the FFRangio™ system is effective for both symptomatic and nonsymptomatic patients with coronary artery disease.


   CathWorks FFRangio™ Traditional 510(k)                                         Page-3 of 8

510(k) Summary                                                         K182149


I.   Performance Data to Support Substantial Equivalence

The following pre-clinical testing was presented to demonstrate the appropriate
functionality of the software, the basis of the computational methods, and verification of
hardware functionality. Some testing (e.g., biocompatibility, shelf life, etc.) was not
applicable for this software only device. Animal testing was not conducted as animal
models do not permit evaluation of the technology in relevant anatomic or physiologic
models reflecting diseased human coronary vessels.

Software: Software documentation consistent with FDA’s guidance “Guidance for the
Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices,” May 11,
2005, for moderate level of concern software including a comprehensive risk analysis,
software verification and validation, off-the-shelf software integrity, and cybersecurity
considerations.

Electrical Safety Testing: The FFRangio™ computer system and cart were evaluated and
found to be in compliance with the applicable requirements of IEC 60601-1:2005 (3rd
Edition) +C1:2006 +C2:2007 +A1:2012, “Medical electrical equipment - Part 1: General
requirements for basic safety and essential performance.” All emissions and immunity
tests were passed.

Electromagnetic Compatibility Testing: The FFRangio™ computer system was tested and
found to be in compliance with the applicable requirements of IEC 60601-1-2:2014 (4th
edition), “Medical electrical equipment - Part 1-2: General requirements for basic safety
and essential performance - Collateral Standard: Electromagnetic disturbances -
Requirements and tests.”

Hardware Verification Testing: The FFRangio™ computer system and cart underwent
type testing per an internal CathWorks protocol. All hardware requirements of the
system were evaluated/tested and found to meet the pre-defined acceptance criteria.

Transportation Testing: The FFRangio™ computer system and cart are shipped in a
padded, wooden box. Transportation testing was conducted in accordance with ASTM
D4169-16, “Standard Practice for Performance Testing of Shipping Containers and
Systems.” All tests were passed.

Human Factors Evaluation: Usability testing of the FFRangio™ system and its operator
manual was conducted in accordance with ANSI/AAMI/IEC 62366-1:2015, “Application
of usability engineering to medical devices” and the FDA guidance document ““Applying
Human Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical Devices,” February 3, 2016.
Participants in the usability testing were 19 healthcare personnel including physicians,
nurses, technicians, and imaging fellows. All critical tasks identified for the use of the
FFRangio™ system were completed in the usability testing without any use errors. All of
the questions in the knowledge-based assessment were answered correctly with the
exception of one question that was answered partially correctly by one participant.


CathWorks FFRangio™ Traditional 510(k)                                         Page-4 of 8

510(k) Summary                                                         K182149


Overall, the usability of the system was graded as a 4.5 out of 5 by the test participants.
The conclusion of the testing was that the FFRangio™ system can be used safely and
effectively by the intended user population. No residual use-related risks were identified.

Clinical Studies:

Two clinical studies were conducted using the FFRangio™ system. The first was a twophase validation study using an earlier version of the operator interface but the same
image processing and computation algorithms as the final device. The clinical validation
study compared the FFRangio™ to invasive FFR obtained from patients already
scheduled for coronary assessment in the cath lab. The patient’s angiographic images
were shipped to an off-line location, where they were processed using the FFRangio™
system by two independent operators who were blinded to the invasive FFR and blinded
to each other. Analysis of the results from 203 coronary lesions with data collected at
four centers (one in the US, one in the EU, and two in Israel) demonstrated sensitivity,
specificity, and diagnostic accuracy for FFRangio to be 88%, 95% and 93%, respectively.
The average intraclass correlation coefficient for the two measurements of FFRangio™
conducted by the two operators was 0.962 with a 95% confidence interval from 0.95 to
0.971 (P<0.001).

The second study. the FAST-FFR Trial, was the pivotal clinical study to support the
substantial equivalence of the FFRangio™ system. FAST-FFR was a prospective,
multicenter, international trial with the primary goal of determining the accuracy of
FFRangio™ as compared to invasive wire FFR. Coronary angiography was performed in a
routine fashion in patients with suspected coronary artery disease. When clinically
indicated, invasive FFR was measured in vessels with coronary lesions of varying
severity using a coronary pressure wire and hyperemic stimulus. On-site hospital users
who were blinded to the invasive FFR used the FFRangio™ system following acquisition
of the diagnostic angiograms to generate the patient’s FFRangio™. The FFRangio™ was
not used for diagnostic or clinical decisions. Co-primary endpoints were the sensitivity
and specificity of the dichotomously scored FFRangio™ for predicting pressure wirederived FFR using a cutoff value of 0.80. Secondary endpoints included the accuracy of
FFRangio™ and its correlation with invasive FFR.

The FAST-FFR study was conducted at 10 sites in 5 countries in the United States,
Europe and Israel, from September 2017 to June 2018, with 382 subjects enrolled of
which 30 were roll-in subjects and 352 were study subjects. 124 Subjects in total were
enrolled at sites in the United States (32.5%).

Subjects had an overall mean age of 64.9 ± (9.9) years and 74.6% were men. 92.5%
were white and the remaining from other races. A total of 31.4% had diabetes mellitus,
69.1 % had hypertension, and 76.2% had hyperlipidemia. 45.3% of subjects presented
with stable angina, 31.4% with unstable angina, and 14.1% with silent ischemia. Overall
15.4% of the patient population had CCS classification 0 and were asymptomatic.


CathWorks FFRangio™ Traditional 510(k)                                         Page-5 of 8

510(k) Summary                                                         K182149


In total, 301 adult subjects and 319 coronary lesions with both a qualifiable invasive FFR
and FFRangio™ measurements were available for efficacy analysis. Of these, 54% were
LAD lesions, 24% RCA, 19% LCX and 3% Ramus. 14% of lesions involved a bifurcation
and 24% were calcified. Diagnostic angiograms were acquired from all four C-arm types
(Phillips (27%), GE (20%), Siemens (43%) and Toshiba (10%)), and coronary pressure
and flow wires used included Abbott-St. Jude (48%), Opsens (6%) or Volcano-Phillips
(46%). All invasive FFR data were reviewed post-hoc by an independent FFR physiology
core laboratory and all FFRangio™ data were reviewed post-hoc by a core laboratory at
CathWorks.

The co-primary endpoints were sensitivity and specificity of the dichotomously scored
FFRangio™ measured index per vessel as compared with invasively-derived FFR; Index
≤0.80 was scored “positive” while Index >0.8 was negative. The pre-specified
performance goals identified by the Sponsor and agreed upon by FDA for sensitivity and
specificity were 70% and 75%, respectively. The primary endpoint for study success
required that the lower bounds of the 95% confidence intervals for both sensitivity and
specificity be above these performance goals.

The per vessel sensitivity of FFRangio™ was 93.5% with a lower one-sided 95% CI of
87.8%. The per-vessel specificity of FFRangio™ was 91.2% with a lower one-sided 95%
CI of 86.0%. Both of the lower one-sided confidence limits for sensitivity and specificity
were significantly above the pre-specified target goals of 70% and 75%, respectively,
and were considered acceptable. The results are shown in the table below.

                               Statistic  95% CI limits    Performance goal /
                                                                 criteria

Sensitivity               93.5%    87.8% - 96.6%   70%

Specificity               91.2%    86.0% - 94.6%   75%

Correlation Coefficient (R)  0.80                        0.65

Intercept                   0.04       0.03 - 0.05        -0.20 - 0.20

Slope                      0.93       0.92 - 0.95        0.80 - 1.20

As the FFRangio™ analysis was not used in any clinical decision making and did not add
any risk to the study subjects, and the trial did not include clinical follow-up, only
procedure-related adverse events were captured. Only two adverse events were
reported, neither of which was related to the device.

The FAST-FFR study confirmed that FFRangio™ produces accurate results, with very
high sensitivity and specificity for the measurement of FFR.


CathWorks FFRangio™ Traditional 510(k)                                         Page-6 of 8

510(k) Summary                                                         K182149


   J.   Compliance with Special Controls for 21 CFR 870.1415


  Special Controls (abbreviated from              How Fulfilled
              regulation)
1) Adequate software verification and     The FFRangio system software was designed,
validation based on comprehensive        developed and tested in accordance with ISO
hazard analysis, with identification of       62304:2006 Medical device software -- Software
appropriate mitigations, must be                 life cycle processes and included
performed.,                            comprehensive hazard analysis, identification of
                                           appropriate risk mitigations, and software
                                               testing at all stages of development to verify and
                                              validate the software algorithms, system
                                            operation, privacy/security issues, and the
                                        impact of failures (e.g., inadequate image
                                                  quality, image data corruption, improper
                                          operation steps).
2. Adequate non-clinical performance    A series of in vitro and animal studies were
testing must be provided to demonstrate    conducted by CathWorks to validate the
the validity of computational modeling      computational modelling methods for the
methods for flow measurement.          FFRangio system.

3. Clinical data supporting the proposed   A multi-center clinical study was conducted to
intended use must be provided.             validate the sensitivity and specificity of the
                                    FFRangio in the intended use population. See
                                          the detailed summary of this study presented in
                                         Section I above.

(4) Adequate validation must be         The clinical pivotal study was conducted at 10
performed and controls implemented to      sites with multiple device users at each site. A
characterize and ensure consistency        covariate analysis showed no site interaction on
(repeatability and reproducibility) of         the FFRangio results.
measurement output.               A reproducibility and repeatability analysis was
                                       performed in a separate clinical validation study.

(5) Human factors evaluation and       A human factors study was conducted in
validation must be provided to            accordance with FDA’s Guidance Applying
demonstrate adequate performance of the  Human Factors and Usability Engineering to
user interface to allow for users to          Medical Devices, 2016. The study evaluated the
accurately measure intended parameters,    critical tasks associated with use of the device.
particularly where parameter settings that  The study results demonstrated that the
have impact on measurements require      intended use population was able to safety and
significant user intervention.                accurately use the FFRangio system. No
                                              additional risk mitigations were identified from
                                                   this study.
(6) Device labeling must be provided that  The device instructions for use include all of the
adequately describes the following:        elements required by this special control,
(i) The device’s intended use,               including:
(ii) Appropriate warnings                   •  Intended use statement the device
                                     mechanism of action and intended patient


  CathWorks FFRangio™ Traditional 510(k)                                         Page-7 of 8

510(k) Summary                                                         K182149


  Special Controls (abbreviated from              How Fulfilled
              regulation)
(iii) Key assumptions                         population
(iv) The measurement performance of the   •  Appropriate warnings and precautions for
device for all presented parameters            safe use of the device, including factors that
(v) A detailed description of the clinical        could adversely affect the device output and
study subjects and results                     cautions to use the device output in context
                                                with other clinical factors for patient care(vi) A detailed description of the analysis
procedure using the device and any data    •  Limitations describing patient populations
features that could affect accuracy of         and lesion types for which the safety and
results.                                        effectiveness of FFRangio has not been
                                            evaluated
                                           •  Instructions for use providing guidelines for
                                              the compatible image acquisition systems
                                      and the required criteria for the images to
                                          process the FFRangio.
                                           •  Detailed steps for the system operation and
                                               analysis procedures
                                           • A detailed summary of the FAST-FFR
                                                         clinical study protocol


  K.   Conclusion

      The information and testing presented in this 510(k) demonstrate that the
       CathWorks FFRangio™ is substantially equivalent to the HeartFlow FFRCT.
       Performance data provided in this 510(k) demonstrate that the FFRangio™ system is
        safe and effective for the non-invasive assessment of FFR from standard
        angiographic images obtained in the coronary cath lab.


  CathWorks FFRangio™ Traditional 510(k)                                         Page-8 of 8