December 14, 2018

GE Healthcare
Renee Webb
Senior Regulatory Affairs Manager
500 West Monroe Street
CHICAGO, IL 60661

Re: K182419
    Trade/Device Name:  Centricity Universal Viewer
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture Archiving And Communications System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: September 20, 2018
    Received: September 26, 2018

Dear Renee Webb:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 3 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K182419 - Renee Webb                                                                Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good
manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820)
for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if
applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-
1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and
Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website
(http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone
(1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                  for
                                           Robert A. Ochs, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                              Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                          and Radiological Health
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.


510(k) Number (if known)
K182419

Device Name
Centricity Universal Viewer


Indications for Use (Describe)

Centricity Universal Viewer is a device that displays medical images and data from various imaging sources, and from
other healthcare information sources. Medical images and data can be displayed, communicated, stored, and processed.
Typical users of this system are authorized healthcare professionals.

Centricity Universal Viewer is intended to assist in the viewing, analysis, diagnostic interpretation, and sharing of images
and other information.

Mammography images may only be interpreted using a monitor compliant with requirements of local regulations and
must meet other technical specifications reviewed and accepted by the local regulatory agencies.

Contraindications:
Centricity Universal Viewer is contraindicated for the use of lossy compressed mammographic images. Lossy compressed
mammographic images and digitized film screen images must not be reviewed for primary image interpretations.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

GE Healthcare
                                       K182419, Page 1 of 13


                                   510(k) Summary

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:

I.  SUBMITTER

GE Healthcare
500 West Monroe
Chicago, IL 60661

Primary Contact Person:    Renee Webb
                           Senior Regulatory Affairs Manager
                     GE Healthcare
                         Phone: 847-707-8783


Secondary Contact Person: John Manarik
                          Regulatory Affairs Manager
                     GE Healthcare
                         Phone: 224-532-0907


Date Prepared:           December 12, 2018


II. DEVICE

Name of Device:             Centricity Universal Viewer
Common Name:             Picture Archiving and Communication System
Classification Name:       21 CFR 892.2050, System, Image Processing,
                            Radiological
Regulatory Class:                    II
Product Code:             LLZ

GE Healthcare
                                       K182419, Page 2 of 13


III. PREDICATE DEVICE

Primary - K150420 (May 2015)- Centricity Universal Viewer by GE Healthcare
Reference - K063628 (December 2006) -Centricity Radiology RA600, Cardiology
CA1000 and Digital Hardcopy.


IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Centricity  Universal Viewer  is an  Internet based medical image  display and
interpretation  software  product  that   is  part  of  a  picture  archiving  and
communications system that assists radiologists and cardiologists in their diagnostic
workflows.  It provides users with capabilities relating to the acceptance,  transfer,
display,  storage,  and  digital  processing  of  medical images (including  digital
mammograms).

Centricity Universal Viewer provides APIs (Application Program Interfaces) to integrate
with third-party medical devices and non-medical devices, which include integration
with Tomtec-Arena TM [1] for advanced cardiology applications.

Centricity Universal Viewer supports DICOM SOP classes to access and manage
medical imaging studies from Computed Tomography (CT), Magnetic Resonance (MR),
Ultrasound  (US), Nuclear Medicine (NM), Computerized Radiography  (CR),  Digital
mammography (MG), Digital X-ray (DX), Positron Emission Tomography (PET/PT), XRay  Angiography  (XA), Digital Intra-oral X-Ray (IO), Radiofluoroscopic X-ray  (RF),
Secondary Capture Images  (SC), Visible Light (VL)  Endoscopic,  Microscopic and
Photographic  Image  Storage,  Slide Coordinates  Microscopic  Image  Storage,
Presentation States (PS), Key Image Notes (KIN), and other DICOM imaging modalities.

Centricity Universal Viewer is not intended for the diagnosis of digital pathology
images.

Centricity Universal Viewer is designed to be deployed over conventional TCP/IP
networking infrastructure available in most healthcare organizations and utilizes
commercially available computer platforms and operating systems.

The system does not produce any original medical images. All images located on
the  Centricity  Universal  Viewer  have  been  received from DICOM compliant
modalities and/or image acquisition systems.


[1] Tomtec-ArenaTM K132544 has been FDA cleared and CE Marked.

GE Healthcare
                                       K182419, Page 3 of 13


V. INDICATIONS FOR USE

Centricity Universal Viewer is a device that displays medical images and data from
various imaging sources, and from other healthcare information sources.  Medical
images and data can be displayed, communicated, stored, and processed.
Typical users of this system are authorized healthcare professionals.

Centricity Universal Viewer is intended to assist in the viewing, analysis, diagnostic
interpretation, and sharing of images and other information.

Mammography images may only be interpreted using a monitor compliant with
requirements of local regulations and must meet other technical specifications reviewed
and accepted by the local regulatory agencies.

Contraindications:
Centricity Universal Viewer  is contraindicated  for the use  of  lossy compressed
mammographic images. Lossy compressed mammographic images and digitized film
screen images must not be reviewed for primary image interpretations.

The Intended Use / Indications for Use statement is identical to the Predicate device.


VI. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE
   DEVICE

The subject Centricity Universal Viewer device continues to support the display, storage,
analysis and processing of various medical images using similar technology.

The basis for this premarket notification is a modification of the legally marketed
Centricity  Universal  Viewer  device  to  incorporate  additional  features.  These
modifications do not change the Intended Use. These changes include enhancements
and other updates to support customer feedback and to enhance usability of the
software application. These modifications improve on the subject device’s ability to
assist healthcare professionals in the display, storage, processing, and diagnostic
analysis of various medical images similarly to the predicate Centricity Universal Viewer.

The Centricity Universal Viewer architecture and SOUP software and software core
algorithms have not changed. The Cath Tools algorithm has not changed. Cath Tools
adds functionality that already existed in K063628 onto the Centricity Universal Viewer
software technology stack.

GE Healthcare
                                       K182419, Page 4 of 13


The following table contains a comparison of the key changes since the last 510k
clearance K150420:


     Feature          Predicate Device        Subject Device
                                                                   Discussion of                       Centricity Universal     Centricity Universal
                                                                       Differences                         Viewer                Viewer
                         (K150420)           with Cath Tools
 Intended Use /     Centricity Universal              Identical to         No change
 Indications For    Viewer is a device that       predicate device
 Use               displays medical images
                and data from various
                 imaging sources, and
                 from other healthcare
                   information sources.
                  Medical images and data
                can be displayed,
                 communicated, stored,
                and processed.

                    Typical users of this
                 system are authorized
                   healthcare professionals.

                     Centricity Universal
                  Viewer is intended to
                     assist in the viewing,
                     analysis, diagnostic
                     interpretation, and
                   sharing of images and
                   other information.

              Mammography images
              may only be interpreted
                   using a monitor
                  compliant with
                  requirements of local
                    regulations and must
                meet other technical
                     specifications reviewed
                and accepted by the
                     local regulatory
                   agencies.
 Contraindication   Centricity Universal Viewer         Identical to         No change
                             is contraindicated for the       predicate device
                   use of lossy compressed
                 mammographic images.

GE Healthcare
                                       K182419, Page 5 of 13


    Feature          Predicate Device        Subject Device
                                                                  Discussion of                     Centricity Universal     Centricity Universal
                                                                     Differences                        Viewer                Viewer
                        (K150420)           with Cath Tools
                   Lossy compressed
                mammographic images
                and digitized film screen
                 images must not be
                  reviewed for primary image
                      interpretations.
Cath Analysis         Not supported       Supported in the       Equivalent. Cath
Tools                                        subject device.        Tools modifications
                                                      do not change the
                                       The following tools    Intended Use. The
                                          are available to help  Cath Tools
                                         perform an analysis   functionality added is
                                               of images received    identical to the Cath
                                        as a result of a        Tools in GE
                                               catheterization        Healthcare’s,
                                           procedure:             Centricity Radiology
                                                      1. Stenosis Analysis   RA600, Cardiology
                                                      2. Left ventricular    CA1000 cleared
                                              analysis             under K063628. Test
                                                      3. Catheter            results for these
                                                calibration            modifications do not
                                               Point to Point    raise different issues
                                                     Calibration       of safety or
                                               Calibration       effectiveness. There
                                                 extension       are no new potential
                                                      4.  Distance         hazards and no
                                        measurement    changes to existing
                                                                       potential hazards,
                                                      and no change in the
                                                                                  final risk ratings for
                                                                the device.
Workflow
Interactive       Search by:            Same as predicate,    Equivalent. Adding
search for          1. Patient name            except:               the modifications
studies              2. ID                            - Retrieval of off-    under interactive
                      3. Accession Number           line study          search for studies
                      4. Study date                  - Access to         does not impact the
                      5. Study description           confidential        device safety and
                      6. Modality                    patient studies      effectiveness.
                      7. Study status             based on
                      8. Referring Physician          privileges
                      9. Date of Birth                - Increase number
                   10. Referring Service          of studies the

GE Healthcare
                                       K182419, Page 6 of 13


    Feature          Predicate Device        Subject Device
                                                                  Discussion of                     Centricity Universal     Centricity Universal
                                                                     Differences                        Viewer                Viewer
                        (K150420)           with Cath Tools
                   11. Priority                     worklist can
                   12. Online status (CPACS      display and
                    only)                    remove 30 study
                   13. 0 image studies             limit on custom
                (CPACS only)                   worklists
                   14. Performing physician     - Support for
                   15. Location (Enterprise       Technologist
                  Archive (EA) only for          study verification
                   Cardiology)                 workflow and
                                             teaching folder
                                                        - Create, access,
                                           save and display
                                           key images
Search from      Search for studies       Same as predicate,    Equivalent. Adding
DICOM server     located on the external     except:               the modifications
              DICOM compliant server.     - search and        under the search
                Supported only on IW          retrieve prior      from DICOM server
               backend                 exams from       does not impact the
                                                external DICOM    device safety and
                                                server               effectiveness.
                                                        - save and display
                                    DICOM grayscale
                                               presentation
                                                 state object to
                                        work with any
                                             type of under
                                                     lying hanging
                                                protocol
Image Display

Ability to display    Ability to display the     Same as predicate,    Equivalent. These
information        following:                  except:               modifications do not
                      1. Image                       - native support of   change the Intended
                      2. Report                     diagnostic         Use. The device
                      3. Patient information         interpretation for   continues to support
                      4. Exam information        2D and DBT        the display, storage,
                      5. DICOM Header        mammo images    analysis and
                  information                    - user, group and    processing of various
                      6. GSPS                   system level step   medical images using
                      7. RPPS                      protocols         a similar technology.
                      8. FCE                           - support DICOM      Test results for these
                      9. Key Image Notes         metadata in        modifications do not
                   10. Exam Notes              overlay /            raise different issues

GE Healthcare
                                       K182419, Page 7 of 13


    Feature          Predicate Device        Subject Device
                                                                  Discussion of                     Centricity Universal     Centricity Universal
                                                                     Differences                        Viewer                Viewer
                        (K150420)           with Cath Tools
                   11. Modality and VOI LUT     annotation editor   of safety or
                   12. Structured Reports       - support              effectiveness. There
                                             synchronized ECG  are no new potential
                                                 curve, ECG scroll   hazards and no
                                      and ECG curve     changes to existing
                                               height selector      potential hazards,
                                                        - support Dorsal     and no change in the
                                           view (Reverse        final risk ratings for
                                     ACR IHE) for        the device.
                                   mammography
Image               1. Line               Same as predicate,    Equivalent. Adding
Annotations and   2. Angle                   except:               the modifications for
measurements    3. SUV                         - Automatically      image annotations
                      4. OB Measurements       mark images as    and measurements
                      5. Digital Subtraction        key when image is  does not impact the
                Angiography (DSA)          annotated          device safety and
                      6. Triangulation              - Use “imager pixel    effectiveness. These
                      7. MIP/MPR                 spacing” DICOM    enhancements
                      8. Spine Labeling               field to enable       provide information
                      9. Using "imager pixel      measurements      already available to
                  spacing" - DICOM field to    across CR/DX/US   be used in the same
                 enable measurements     exams           way as the predicate,
                 across all CR/DX/US                                 for the same purpose
                exams.                                  and by the same
                   10. Cardio Thoracic Ratio                           users.
                    (CTR)
                   11. Image Annotations
Customized      Smart Reading Protocols  Same as predicate,    Equivalent. Adding
Hanging          -Regular Hanging          except:               the modifications for
Protocols         protocols to launch          - multi-modality and  customized hanging
                   multiple MIP/MPRs          multi-vendor        protocols does not
                                         hanging protocol    impact the device
                                                       - dedicated toolbar    safety and
                                                    for mammography  effectiveness. These
                                               features          enhancements
                                                       - smart reading       provide information
                                               protocols learn      to be used in the
                                                  user’s preferences  same way as the
                                                    for MRI              predicate, for the
                                              multiphasic       same purpose and by
                                                studies             the same users.
Maximum      Maximum Intensity      Same as predicate,    Equivalent. These
Intensity          Projection (MIP) MIP with    except:               modifications do not

GE Healthcare
                                       K182419, Page 8 of 13


    Feature          Predicate Device        Subject Device
                                                                  Discussion of                     Centricity Universal     Centricity Universal
                                                                     Differences                        Viewer                Viewer
                        (K150420)           with Cath Tools
Projection (MIP)    interactive window-level    - Recalculate        change the Intended
MIP with           clipping volume of          standard update    Use. The device
interactive         interest, zoom, pan, and     value on the fly for   continues to support
window-level      rotate                    PET/CT images      the display, storage,
clipping volume                                    - Multi-planar         analysis and
of interest,                                     reconstruction      processing of various
zoom, pan, and                              support multiple    medical images using
rotate                                        oblique           a similar technology.
                                               reconstruction       Test results for these
                                                       - Support for non-     modifications do not
                                          square pixel image  raise different issues
                                                  calibration           of safety or
                                                                        effectiveness. There
                                                               are no new potential
                                                             hazards and no
                                                         changes to existing
                                                                       potential hazards,
                                                      and no change in the
                                                                                  final risk ratings for
                                                                the device.
Printing

Key             Created Print Pages from        Identical to         No change
Images/Print      selected Key Images,         predicate device
Pages             one-click placement;
                 customized templates;
               one click-full screen
                snapshot
Print to Film /      Print collage of images to        Identical to         No change
Paper              printer                      predicate device
Connectivity,
Interfaces &
Interoperability

Integration        Integration COM service         Identical to         No change
                                              predicate device
Interfaces        Generic interface to      Same as predicate,    Equivalent. Adding
                   integrate outbound with    except:               modifications for the
                    third party applications      - Update to API       interfaces does not
               and internal GEHC           connectivity to      impact the device
                   applications that meet      launch newer        safety and
                 the interface                versions of 3rd        effectiveness. There
                  requirements.               party software      are no new potential

GE Healthcare
                                       K182419, Page 9 of 13


    Feature          Predicate Device        Subject Device
                                                                  Discussion of                     Centricity Universal     Centricity Universal
                                                                     Differences                        Viewer                Viewer
                        (K150420)           with Cath Tools
                                                applications such   hazards and no
                                          as GE Healthcare’s  changes to existing
                                      EchoPAC and        potential hazards,
                                        Advantage        and no change in the
                                            Workstation           final risk ratings for
                                                applications        the device.
External system   The viewer can be       Same as predicate,    Equivalent. Adding
launch          launched via a 3rd party   except:               modifications under
                   application using the         - Updates in          external system
                   following methods:           interfaces with 3rd   launch does not
                         1. url launch              party software      impact the device
                         2. IVAPI                   applications         safety and
                         3. Inbound API              - URL launch using    effectiveness. These
                                        SUID when study   enhancements
                                             associated with     provide information
                                                 multiple orders      to be used in the
                                                   same way as the
                                                                      predicate, for the
                                                   same purpose and by
                                                                 the same users.
Administrative

Interactive         In console, supporting           Identical to         No change
query            wildcards                   predicate device
Setup           Wizard and silent                Identical to         No change
                                              predicate device
On-line help      Yes                               Identical to         No change
                                              predicate device
User Interface      1. English, 2. German,            Identical to         No change
and User            3. Japanese, 4. French,       predicate device
Manual             5. Simplified Chinese
Languages         6. Italian, 7. Polish, 8.
                 Spanish
                      9. Turkish, 10. Brazilian
                  Portuguese, 11. Dutch,
                   12. Swedish, 13. Russian
                   14. Korean, 15. Finnish,
                   16. Danish, 17.
                 Norwegian,
                   18. Traditional Chinese
                   19. Portuguese, 20.
                  Greek,
                   21. Hungarian

GE Healthcare
                                       K182419, Page 10 of 13


    Feature          Predicate Device        Subject Device
                                                                  Discussion of                     Centricity Universal     Centricity Universal
                                                                     Differences                        Viewer                Viewer
                        (K150420)           with Cath Tools
Administrative    Per user/group                   Identical to         No change
rights                                         predicate device
assignment
Automatic       By email. HL7          Same as predicate,    Equivalent. Adding
notification                                   except:               modifications under
messages                                           - auto refresh and    automatic
                                                    notification when    notification
                                  new images arrive  messages does not
                                                       - merge two studies   impact the device
                                                   into one             safety and
                                                       - audit log to track     effectiveness. These
                                             export of images    enhancements
                                                                 provide information
                                                                     to be used in the
                                                   same way as the
                                                                      predicate, for the
                                                   same purpose and by
                                                                 the same users.
System logging   Combined system log            Identical to         No change
                                              predicate device
Compression     Wavelet compression            Identical to         No change
                          1. JPEG2000 lossless     predicate device
                          2. JPEG2000 lossy
                 Non-wavelet
                compression
                          1. JPEG lossless
                          2. JPEG lossy
               JPEG2000 lossless for
                images received
               uncompressed
Minimal System
Requirements
Offering             1. Turnkey solution              Identical to         No change
               (GEHC IT provides both       predicate device
                 the software and
                hardware required to
                  function as a complete
                 system)
                      2. Software only solution
               (GEHC IT provides and
                 deploys the Software).
ESXi           VMware vSphere ESXi            Identical to         No change
                                              predicate device

GE Healthcare
                                       K182419, Page 11 of 13


    Feature          Predicate Device        Subject Device
                                                                  Discussion of                     Centricity Universal     Centricity Universal
                                                                     Differences                        Viewer                Viewer
                        (K150420)           with Cath Tools
Workstation
Features

Operating        Microsoft™ Windows 7 -   Same as predicate,    Equivalent. Adding
System for       64 bit                      except:              support for Windows
Diagnostic       Microsoft™ Windows 8.1    - adding support for  10 operating system
Workstation        - 64 bit                 Windows 10       32 or 64 bit with
                                             operating system    Internet Explorer 11
                                       32 or 64 bit with    does not impact the
                                                 Internet Explorer    device safety and
                                       11                   effectiveness.
Minimum        2 Quad-core processor of        Identical to         No change
Hardware         2.0                          predicate device
requirement for    GHz or more
Diagnostic      8GB RAM minimum
Workstation     146GB drive in Raid 0
                     configuration
             DVD-RW Optical drive
              One 1GB NIC
                10/100/1000 Mb
                  Ethernet
                  network
               4 Mbps and faster TCP-IP
                  network
Security

User              Active Directory        Same as predicate,    Equivalent. Adding
Authentication                               except:           common
using a 3rd                                           - Provides common   authentication
Party                                          authentication     support and security
Authentication                                       - security           hardening does not
Server                                      hardening and     impact the device
                                                cybersecurity       safety and
                                         improvements      effectiveness.
Enterprise
Imaging
DICOM Protocol    1. Supports DICOM SOP   Same as predicate,    Equivalent. Adding
                  classes                    except:               modifications under
                      2. Receive images -           - support additional  DICOM protocol does
              DICOM storage SCP           color (YBR)         not impact the device
                      3. Support DICOM 3.0          interpretations     safety and
                   input                        with US images     effectiveness. These
                      4. gray scale                   - support saving     enhancements

GE Healthcare
                                       K182419, Page 12 of 13


     Feature          Predicate Device        Subject Device
                                                                   Discussion of                       Centricity Universal     Centricity Universal
                                                                       Differences                         Viewer                Viewer
                         (K150420)           with Cath Tools
                   presentation states         image calibration   provide information
                                                information in      to be used in the
                                                Presentation      same way as the
                                                 State               predicate, for the
                                                    same purpose and by
                                                                  the same users.
 (XED) Cross       Provides the ability to     Same as predicate,    Equivalent. Adding
 Enterprise        view patient information   except:               modifications under
 Display           across multiple                - New API to access  cross enterprise
                    enterprise sites based on      patient history in    display does not
                 matching patient ID         FHIR format and   impact the device
                 numbers.                  from different      safety and
                                              sources             effectiveness. These
                                                         - Enhance ability to  enhancements allow
                                           group studies       patient history to be
                                               anatomically      used in the same way
                                                         - matching patient   as the predicate, for
                                                  studies from       the same purpose
                                          remote sites with  and by the same
                                               the same patient   users.
 User
 Environment
 Designed to be   Designed to be utilized           Identical to         No change
 utilized inside      inside and outside of         predicate device
 and outside of    radiology and cardiology
 radiology


VII. PERFORMANCE DATA

Summary of Non-Clinical Tests

The software documentation was provided for a moderate level of concern device
following the FDA’s “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software
Contained in Medical Devices”.

The Centricity Universal Viewer with the proposed modifications has been verified
against design requirements and validated against defined user needs and intended
uses,  in accordance with the voluntary standards as detailed in this premarket
notification submission. The same Cath Tools features were previously cleared in the
premarket notification K063628.

GE Healthcare
                                       K182419, Page 13 of 13


The performance characteristics of the Centricity Universal Viewer has been verified
against design requirements and validated against defined user needs and intended
uses as follows:

         Validation of user needs and intended uses was performed using the
       recommended hardware platform
        System verification testing of system level requirements was performed
         using the recommended hardware platform
        Regression testing included in verification testing
         Integration and interoperability verification testing of software functional
         requirements
         Unit testing of Product Design Detail (PDD) statements
         Product usability formative and summative testing
         Cybersecurity analysis

The subject of this submission, Centricity Universal Viewer, did not require animal
testing, biological testing, sterility testing, electrical safety testing or electromagnetic
compatibility testing.


VIII. CONCLUSION

A comparison of the Intended Use / Indications for Use, the technological characteristics,
and performance specifications demonstrate the functional equivalence of the subject
device to the predicate device.

Verification and validation testing demonstrate that the Centricity Universal Viewer
continues to provide a reasonable assurance of safety and effectiveness with respect to
the intended use of each feature. Regression testing confirmed that changes did not
affect previously cleared features of the Centricity Universal Viewer.

The Centricity Universal Viewer device will continue to have an intended use and
functionality fitting within the definition of 21 CFR 892.2050, Picture Archiving and
Communication Systems, Product Code LLZ.

Information provided in this premarket notification submission supports the Centricity
Universal Viewer medical device to be as safe, as effective and substantially equivalent
to its predicate device.