December 6, 2018


iCAD Inc.
John Delucia
VP, Regulatory Affairs, Clinical Affairs and Quality Assurance
98 Spit Brook Rd.
Suite 100
NASHUA, NH 03062


Re: K182373
    Trade/Device Name: PowerLook® Tomo Detection V2 Software
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2090
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Assisted Detection and Diagnosis Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QDQ
    Dated: November 6, 2018
    Received: November 7, 2018


Dear Mr. Delucia:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 3 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K182373 - John Delucia                                                               Page 2


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good
manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820)
for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if
applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-
1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and
Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website
(http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone
(1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                  for
                                           Robert Ochs, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                              Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                          and Radiological Health
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.


510(k) Number (if known)
K182373

Device Name
PowerLook® Tomo Detection V2 Software


Indications for Use (Describe)
PowerLook® Tomo Detection V2 Software is a computer-assisted detection and diagnosis (CAD) software device
intended to be used concurrently by interpreting physicians while reading digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT) exams from
compatible DBT systems. The system detects soft tissue densities (masses, architectural distortions and asymmetries) and
calcifications in the 3D DBT slices. The detections and Certainty of Finding and Case Scores assist interpreting
physicians in identifying soft tissue densities and calcifications that may be confirmed or dismissed by the interpreting
physician .


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(K) Summary

Date Prepared: December 5, 2018

Submitter:

iCAD, Inc.
98 Spit Brook Road
Suite 100
Nashua, NH 03062

Contact Person:

John DeLucia
VP, Regulatory Affairs, Clinical Affairs and Quality Assurance
Email: jdelucia@icadmed.com
Phone: (603) 309-1945
Fax: (603) 880-3043

Submission Date:

August 30, 2018

Trade Name:

PowerLook® Tomo Detection V2 software

Common Name:

Medical Imaging Software

Classification Name/Regulation

Radiological Computer Assisted Detection and Diagnosis Software
21 CFR 892.2090

Product Code

 QDQ

Device Classification

Class II

Legally Marketed Devices to Which Substantial Equivalence is Claimed

PowerLook Tomo Detection (PLTD) V2 Software is substantially equivalent to the following
legally marketed predicate device.

                                FDA DEN
     Device Name       Manufacturer                            Decision Date
                                             Reference #

      OsteoDetect           Imagen          DEN180005      May 24, 2018


Device Description

PLTD V2 detects malignant soft-tissue densities and calcifications in digital breast tomosynthesis
(DBT) image. The PLTD V2 software allows a interpreting physician to quickly identify suspicious
soft tissue densities and calcifications by marking the detected areas in the tomosynthesis images.
When the PLTD V2 marks are displayed by a user, the marks will appear as overlays on the
tomosynthesis images. The PLTD V2 marks also serve as a navigation tool for users, because each
mark is linked to the tomosynthesis plane where the detection was identified. Users can navigate to
the plane associated with each mark by clicking on the detection mark. Each detected region will
also be assigned a “score” that corresponds to the PLTD V2 algorithm’s confidence that the detected
region is a cancer (Certainty of Finding Score).  Certainty of Finding scores are relative scores
assigned to each detected region and a Case Score is assigned to each case regardless of the number
of detected regions.  Certainty of Finding and Case Scores are computed by the PLTD V2 algorithm
and represent the algorithm’s confidence that a specific finding or case is malignant. The scores are
represented on a 0% to 100% scale. Higher scores represent a higher algorithm confidence that a
finding or case is malignant. Lower scores represent a lower algorithm confidence that a finding or
case is malignant.

Key Outputs of PowerLook® Tomo Detection V2 Software


    a.  Lesion Detection

   PowerLook® Tomo Detection V2 software detects soft tissue densities (masses, architectural
    distortions and asymmetries) and calcifications in the 3D digital breast tomosynthesis images.
   The PowerLook Tomo Detection V2 algorithm uses deep learning technology to process
    feature computations and uses pattern recognition to identify suspicious breast lesions
   appearing as soft tissue densities or clusters of calcifications. Each detected region in the
   tomosynthesis data is identified or represented by marking the contour of the lesion in the
   tomosynthesis slice where it was detected.

b.  Certainty of Finding and Case Scores

    Certainty of Finding scores are relative scores assigned to each detected region and a Case
   Score is assigned to each case regardless of the number of detected regions.   Certainty of
   Finding and Case Scores are computed by the PowerLook Tomo Detection V2 algorithm and
    represent the algorithm’s confidence that a specific finding or case is malignant. The scores
    are represented on a 0% to 100% scale. Higher scores represent a higher algorithm confidence
    that a finding or case is malignant. Lower scores represent a lower algorithm confidence that
   a finding or case is malignant. The scores are based on a population with 50% prevalence of
   cancer and should be interpreted as the probability of the finding or case correctly being
    identified as malignant in a population of 50% cancers and 50% non-cancers. The scores
    serve as a guide to interpreting physicians to aid in determining if a suspicious finding or case
   needs further work-up.    These scores are not intended to be the clinically used
   “probability of malignancy”. Certainty of Finding and Case Scores are not calibrated to the
   prevalence in the intended use population or to the prevalence in the pivotal reader study
    outlined in the Assessment of Clinical Performance Data section, and consequently, the
    Certainty of Finding and Case Scores are in general higher than the actual probability of
   malignancy in an intended use population with less than 50% prevalence. These scores
    represent a relative level of concern or level of suspicion because they do not represent an
    absolute clinical probability of malignancy.


Supported Digital Breast Tomosynthesis Systems

The following Digital Breast Tomosynthesis systems have been tested and are compatible with
PowerLook Tomo Detection V2 software:
        •  Hologic Selenia Dimensions
        •  GE Pristina

The PowerLook Tomo Detection V2 software is designed as a stand-alone executable operating
within the larger software framework provided by PowerLook AMP1.

Intended Use / “Indications for Use”

PowerLook® Tomo Detection V2 software is a computer-assisted detection and diagnosis (CAD)
software device intended to be used concurrently by interpreting physicians while reading
digital breast tomosynthesis


1 iCAD PowerLook AMP is a Class I medical device exempt per 21 CFR § 892.2010 (Medical image storage
device) and 21 CFR § 892.2020 (Medical image communications device). The PowerLook AMP is a device that
provides electronic storage functions for medical images and also provides electronic transfer of medical image data
between medical devices

(DBT) exams from compatible DBT systems. The system detects soft tissue densities (masses,
architectural distortions and asymmetries) and calcifications in the 3D DBT slices. The detections
and Certainty of Finding and Case Scores assist interpreting physicians in identifying soft tissue
densities and calcifications that may be confirmed or dismissed by the interpreting physician.

 Comparison with Predicate Device

 The Summary of Substantial Equivalence Table below details the similarities and differences
 between  the  subject  device, PowerLook Tomo  Detection V2, and  the  predicate  device,
 OsteoDetect, classified under De Novo request DEN180005.

 PowerLook Tomo Detection V2 and the predicate device have the same indication for use. Both
 devices are intended to aid in the detection, localization, and characterization of disease specific
 findings on acquired medical images, per 21 CFR 892.2090.

 From a technology standpoint, PowerLook Tomo Detection V2 is the same as the predicate per 21
 CFR 892.2090; both devices are radiological computer assisted detection and diagnostic software,
 intended to aid in the detection, localization, and characterization of disease specific findings on
 acquired medical images. The outputs of both devices serve as a concurrent read. The output is
 used to inform the clinical user (who themselves make the primary diagnostic and patient
 management decisions) and will not replace the clinical expertise and judgment of the clinical user.
 Where any differences may occur between the subject device and the predicate, special controls
 established for Radiological Computer Assisted Detection and Diagnosis Software are in place to
 further mitigate any risks in these differences.

 Summary of Indications for Use

 The subject device and the predicate device are both classified under the same classification name
 and number: Radiological Computer Assisted Detection and Diagnosis Software 21 CFR
 892.2090. Both devices are intended to aid in the detection, localization, and characterization of
 disease specific findings on acquired medical images.

 The subject device and the predicate may differ in their detection of disease specific findings
 however, special controls are in place to mitigate any risk for this difference.

 Summary of Technological Characteristic

 The technological characteristics of PowerLook Tomo Detection V2 are the same as the predicate
 OsteoDetect classified under De Novo request DEN180005. Per 21 CFR 892.2090, both devices
 are radiological computer assisted detection and diagnostic software intended to aid in the
 detection, localization, and characterization of disease specific findings on acquired medical

images. The outputs of both devices serve as a concurrent read. The output is used to inform the
clinical user (who themselves make the primary diagnostic and patient management decisions) and
will not replace the clinical expertise and judgment of the clinical user.

General Safety and Effectiveness Concerns

The device labeling contains instructions for use and any necessary cautions and warnings to
provide for safe and effective use of this device. Risk management is ensured via a risk analysis
which is used to identify and mitigate potential hazards. Any potential hazards are controlled via
software development, verification and validation testing. In addition, general controls of the
FD&C Act, and special controls established for Radiological Computer Assisted Detection and
Diagnosis Software are in place to further mitigate any safety and or effectiveness risks.

Assessment of Non-Clinical Performance Data

PowerLook Tomo Detection V2 has been verified and validated according to iCAD’s design
control processes.  All supporting documentation has been included in this 510(k) Premarket
Notification. Verification activity included unit, integration, and system level testing.
Validation testing included standalone testing and performing a pivotal reader study to compare
the clinical performance of radiologists using CAD detections and Certainty of Finding and Case
Scores from the PLTD V2 CAD system with DBT images to that of radiologists using DBT without
CAD

   •  Standalone Performance on a Screening Population Dataset

   Hologic DBT

  A standalone study, which evaluated the performance of PLTD without a radiologist, was
   conducted with a sample of 655 Hologic DBT cases, including 235 cancer cases with 242
   malignant lesions. These 655 cases were used in the standalone study with PLTD V2. A
    stratified bootstrap procedure was used to estimate performance over a screening patient
    population. The bootstrap procedure limits the number of cases in a particular category when
   computing performance measures.

   The purpose of the standalone study was to assess the standalone performance of PLTD V2 on
   a screening population.

    Results from  the  standalone  study showed  that  Case-Level  Sensitivity,  Lesion-Level
    Sensitivity, FP Rate in Non-Cancer Cases, and Specificity met design specifications. The
    detailed results are in the User Manual.

GE DBT

A standalone study, which evaluated the performance of PLTD V2, was conducted with a
sample of 610 GE DBT cases, including 204 cancer cases with 221 malignant lesions. These
610 cases were used in the standalone study PLTD V2. A stratified bootstrap procedure was
used to estimate performance over a screening patient population. The bootstrap procedure
limits the number of cases in a particular category when computing performance measures.

The purpose of the standalone study was to assess the standalone performance of PLTD V2 on
a screening population.

Results from  the  standalone  study showed  that  Case-Level  Sensitivity,  Lesion-Level
Sensitivity, FP Rate in Non-Cancer Cases, and Specificity met design specifications. The
detailed results are in the User manual.

Comparison of Performance Between GE DBT and Hologic DBT (Control Group)

A comparison was made between the standalone performance of PowerLook Tomo Detection
2.0 on Hologic DBT images and PowerLook Tomo Detection 2.0 on GE DBT images. For this
comparison, the performance on Hologic is considered the control group and performance on
GE is the test group. The test is to determine if the difference between the control group and
the test group is within the margin of non-inferiority for Sensitivity and AUC, and FPPI.

Standalone testing was performed for the control group and the test group individually. Key
performance measures were then compared by subtracting the test group performance from the
control group performance. This was done in a way to produce not just an estimate of the mean
difference but also a distribution of the expected differences. In order to show statistical
significance, the two-sided 95% confidence interval boundaries must be within the margin of
non-inferiority.

Three measures were used to compare the performance of PowerLook Tomo Detection 2.0 with
GE DBT images to PowerLook Tomo Detection 2.0 with Hologic images. Each of the three
measures produced differences that were within the margin of non-inferiority. Therefore, in the
areas of Sensitivity, FPPI, and AUC, PowerLook Tomo Detection 2.0 with the GE DBT system
is not inferior to PowerLook Tomo Detection 2.0 with the Hologic DBT system.

Assessment of Clinical Performance Data

   •  Pivotal Reader Study

  A pivotal reader study, which was a retrospective, fully-crossed, multi-reader, multi-case
  (MRMC) study of iCAD’s PowerLook® Tomo Detection (PLTD) V2 computer-assisted
    detection (CAD) system, was conducted with 24 tomosynthesis radiologist readers and an
   enriched sample of 260 Hologic digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT) cases, including 65 cancer
    cases with 66 malignant lesions. The purpose of the pivotal study was to compare clinical
   performance of radiologists using CAD detections and Certainty of Finding and Case Scores
   from the PLTD V2 CAD system with DBT images to that of radiologists using DBT without
   CAD. The results of the pivotal study will support a regulatory submission for the PLTD V2
  CAD system.

   The objectives of this pivotal reader study were the following:

   A. Co-primary objectives. The co-primary objectives were to determine:

        1.  Whether radiologist performance when using CAD with DBT images is non-inferior to
            radiologist performance when using DBT images without CAD and
        2.  Whether radiologist reading time when using CAD with DBT images is superior to
            (shorter than) radiologist reading time when using DBT images without CAD.

    Radiologist performance was assessed by measuring case-level area under the receiver
    operating characteristic (ROC) curve (AUC) for the detection of malignant lesions, where
   malignant lesion localization was required for a reader to correctly detect cancer in a case.

   B. Secondary objectives. The secondary objectives of the pivotal reader study included the
   following for radiologists when using CAD with DBT compared to using DBT without CAD:
        1.  Superiority of case-level AUC
        2.  Non-inferiority (with non-inferiority margin delta = 0.05) of sensitivity at the case level
        3.  Superiority of sensitivity at the case level
        4.  Non-inferiority (with non-inferiority margin delta = 0.05) of sensitivity at the lesion
            level
        5.  Superiority of sensitivity at the lesion level
        6.  Non-inferiority (with non-inferiority margin delta = 0.05) of specificity (case-level)
        7.  Non-inferiority (with non-inferiority margin delta = 0.05) of recall rate in non-cancers
            (case-level)

The pivotal study results showed that both co-primary endpoints were met. Specifically, the
pivotal study showed that:
    1.  Radiologist performance using CAD with DBT was non-inferior to, and statistically
        significantly  superior  to,  radiologist  performance  using DBT  without CAD.
       Radiologists had superior per-subject average area under the receiver operating
        characteristic (ROC) curve (AUC) with CAD, 0.852, versus without CAD, 0.795. The
       average difference in AUC was 0.057 (95% CI: 0.028, 0.087; non-inferiority p < 0.01
        for non-inferiority margin delta = 0.05, and p < 0.01 for test of difference).
    2.  Radiologist reading time when using CAD with DBT is superior to (shorter than)
        radiologist reading time when using DBT without CAD. Reading time improved 52.7%
       with CAD (95% CI: 41.8%, 61.5%; p < 0.01). *

   * Interpreting physicians reading times may vary based on the specific functionality of the
   viewing application used for interpretation.

All pre-specified secondary endpoints also were met. In addition to superiority of case-level
AUC, the pivotal study showed that:
   •   Radiologists had superior sensitivity at the case level with CAD. Average sensitivity
       increased by 0.080 (95% CI: 0.026, 0.134; non-inferiority p < 0.01 for non-inferiority
      margin delta = 0.05, and p < 0.01 for test of difference). Average case-level sensitivity
      was 0.770 without CAD and 0.850 with CAD.
   •  At the lesion level, radiologists also had superior sensitivity with CAD. Average perlesion sensitivity across readers increased by 0.084 (95% CI: 0.029, 0.139; noninferiority p < 0.01 for non-inferiority margin delta = 0.05, and p < 0.01 for test of
        difference), from 0.769 without CAD to 0.853 with CAD.
   •   Radiologists had non-inferior specificity with CAD. Specificity was 0.627 without
    CAD and 0.696 with CAD, for an average increase of 0.069 (95% CI: 0.030, 0.108;
        non-inferiority p < 0.01 for non-inferiority margin delta = 0.05).
   •   Finally, radiologists had non-inferior recall rate in non-cancer cases with CAD. In noncancer cases, lower recall rates are better than higher recall rates. Average recall rate
        in non-cancer cases was 0.380 without CAD and 0.309 with CAD, for an average
       reduction of 0.072 (95% CI: 0.031, 0.112; non-inferiority p < 0.01 for non-inferiority
      margin delta = 0.05).

In this study the following were observed:
   •  Average sensitivity increased by 0.120 (SE=0.040) in the subgroup of 15 cancer cases
       with only calcifications.
   •  Average sensitivity increased by 0.068 (SE=0.031) in the subgroup of 50 cancer cases
       with at least one soft tissue density or mixed lesion.

•  Average specificity decreased by 0.027 (SE=0.038) in the subgroup of 24 benign and
           recalled (non-cancer) cases with only calcifications.
       •  Average specificity increased by 0.079 (SE=0.028) in the subgroup of 62 benign and
           recalled (non-cancer) cases with at least one soft tissue density or mixed lesion.
       •  Average specificity increased by 0.084 (SE=0.021) in the subgroup of 109 non-cancer
           cases with no lesions.

Conclusion:

Based upon the information presented in this submission, it is concluded that PowerLook®
Tomo Detection V2 is substantially equivalent to the named predicate device and that the
nonclinical and clinical tests that demonstrate that the device is as safe, as effective, and
performs as well as or better than the legally marketed device

Summary of Substantial Equivalence:

  Features and                         Subject Device                                  Predicate Device                Discussion of Differences and
  Characteristics                                                                                         Comments
                                iCAD Inc.                                    Imagen  Inc.
                          PowerLook® Tomo Detection V2                             OsteoDetect
                                           Software                                DEN180005
    Regulation     21 CFR 892.2090 / Radiological Computer Assisted                       Same                      NA
  Number/Name    Detection and Diagnosis Software.

   Regulation    A radiological computer assisted detection and diagnostic                   Same                      NA
   Description      software is an image processing device intended to aid in
                      the detection, localization, and characterization of fracture,
                        lesions, or other disease specific findings on acquired
                    medical images (e.g. radiography, MR, CT). The device
                        detects, identifies and characterizes findings based on
                       features or information extracted from images, and
                     provides information about the presence, location, and
                        characteristics of the findings to the user. The analysis is
                     intended to inform the primary diagnostic and patient
                  management decisions that are made by the clinical user.
                 The device is not intended as a replacement for a complete
                         clinician's review or their clinical judgment that takes into
                    account other relevant information from the image or
                       patient history.
Intended Use      PowerLook® Tomo Detection V2 software is a computer-     OsteoDetect analyzes wrist radiographs       Both devices have the same
                       assisted detection and diagnosis (CAD) software device       using machine learning techniques to identify   intended use per 21 CFR
                     intended to be used concurrently by interpreting physicians   and highlight distal radius fractures during     892.2090.
                    while reading digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT) exams       the review of posterior-anterior (PA) and
                   from compatible DBT systems. The system detects soft         lateral (LAT) radiographs of adult wrists.
                        tissue densities (masses, architectural distortions and
                    asymmetries) and calcifications in the 3D DBT slices. The
                      detections and Certainty of Finding and Case Scores assist
                       interpreting physicians in identifying soft tissue densities
                   and calcifications that may be confirmed or dismissed by
                      the interpreting physician.

Type of CAD     Radiological computer assisted detection and                     Same                        NA
  Software        diagnostic software

Mode of Action   Image processing device intended to aid in the      Image processing device intended to aid in    Both devices are intended to aid in the
                     detection, localization, and characterization of soft    identifying and highlighting distal radius       detection, localization, and characterization
                      tissue densities (masses, architectural distortions      fractures during the review of posterior-       of disease specific findings on acquired
                 and asymmetries) and calcifications in the 3D         anterior (PA) and lateral (LAT) radiographs   medical images per 21 CFR 892.2090.
            DBT slices.                                        of adult wrists.
                                                                             PLTD detects a different disease specific
                                                                                                                            finding. However, special controls are in
                                                                                                                   place to mitigate any risk for this difference.
Clinical Output  To inform the primary diagnostic and patient                     Same                 The outputs of both devices serve as a
                management decisions that are made by the                                                      concurrent read. The output is used to
                      clinical user.                                                                              inform the clinical user (who themselves
                                                                                           make the primary diagnostic and patient
                                                                                               management decisions) and will not replace
                                                                                                                         the clinical expertise and judgment of the
                                                                                                                                     clinical user.

Patient           Symptomatic and asymptomatic women               Adult men and women undergoing      PLTD is intended for a different patient
Population        undergoing mammography.                               radiographs of adult wrists.            population however special controls are
                                                                                                                              in place to mitigate any risk for this
                                                                                                                             difference.
End Users                   Interpreting Physicians Radiologists                            Clinicians                             Same
Image Source      Digital breast tomosynthesis slices                      2D X-ray images             The Image Source Modalities are different.
Modalities                                                                                          However, special controls are in place to
                                                                                                                       mitigate any risk for this difference.
Output Device                 Softcopy Workstation                    Softcopy Workstation, PACS, RIS                NA

Deployment                    Stand-alone computer                           Same                        NA
Software Level                   Moderate                                    Moderate                       NA
of Concern