February 16, 2019


VivaQuant Inc.
℅ Mark Job
Regulatory Technology Services, LLC
1394 25th Street, NW
Buffalo, Minnesota 55313

Re: K183704
    Trade/Device Name: RX-1 Rhythm Express Remote Cardiac Monitoring System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2920
    Regulation Name: Telephone Electrocardiograph Transmitter And Receiver
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: DXH
    Dated: February 7, 2019
    Received: February 11, 2019

Dear Mark Job:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 3 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K183704 - Mark Job                                                                   Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good
manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820)
for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if
applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-
1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and
Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website
(http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone
(1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                     Arielle Drummond -S

                                               for
                                   Bram D. Zuckerman, M.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Device Evaluation
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K183704
Device Name
RX-1 Rhythm Express Remote Cardiac Monitoring System
Indications for Use (Describe)
The Rhythm Express remote cardiac monitoring system is intended for use by adult patients who either have or are at risk
of having cardiac disease and those that demonstrate intermittent symptoms indicative of cardiac disease and require
cardiac monitoring on a continuing basis. The device continuously records ECG data and upon detection by an ECG
analysis algorithm or manually initiated by the patient, automatically delivers the recorded cardiac activity to the server
where it is presented and can be reviewed by a medical professional.
The data received from the Rhythm Express device can be used by another device for arrhythmia analysis, reporting and
signal measurements. The Rhythm Express device is not intended to sound any alarms.
The device does not deliver any therapy, administer any drugs, provide interpretive or diagnostic statements or provide for
any life support.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (_] Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF
K183704 Attachment 1 Response and Indications Page 018 of 25

K183704


         510(k) SUMMARY
                                    (as required by 21CFR 807.92)


  I.  SUBMITTER
   VivaQuant Inc.
   4339 Nancy Place, Suite 100,
     St. Paul, MN 55126
    Contact Person: Brian Brockway
   bbrockway@vivaquant.com
    Phone: 651-217-2176
    Date Prepared: February 15, 2019


 II.  DEVICE
   Name of Device:      RX-1 Rhythm Express Remote Cardiac Monitoring System
    Classification Name:   870.2920
    Telephone electrocardiograph transmitter and receiver.
   Common or Usual Name: Mobile Cardiac Monitor
    Device Panel:          Cardiovascular
    Regulatory Class:      Class 2
   Product Code:     DXH


III.  PREDICATE DEVICE

   The RX-1 system is substantially equivalent in intended use and similar
    technological characteristics to the following device, Rhythmedix, LLC.
    RhythmStar System which was cleared under K141813.


                                                                      Page 1 of 7

K183704


IV.  DEVICE DESCRIPTION


   The Rhythm Express RX-1 will be worn by adult patients for a period of
    time as prescribed by a physician, typically 1 day to 4 weeks, and will
    continuously monitor ECG. RX-1 will function in one of three modes: a)
    Mobile Cardiac Telemetry (MCT), b) Event Recorder (ER), and Wireless
    Holter (WH). The device will connect to standard ECG electrodes to
    capture 2 channel ECGs. An embedded algorithm processes the acquired
   ECG to detect arrhythmias, compress the ECG, and remove most in-band
    noise without distorting ECG morphology. RX-1 incorporates a cellular
   modem to communicate with the RS-1 Web Service. The RX-1 device
    uses an embedded cellular modem on the Verizon LTE network.

   The RX-1 device is not a life-supporting or life-sustaining system. Clinical
    judgment and experience are used to check and interpret the data.


 V.  INTENDED USE

   The Rhythm Express remote cardiac monitoring system is intended for use
   by adult patients who either have or are at risk of having cardiac disease
    and those that demonstrate intermittent symptoms indicative of cardiac
    disease and require cardiac monitoring on a continuing basis. The device
    continuously records ECG data and upon detection by an ECG analysis
    algorithm or manually initiated by the patient, automatically delivers the
    recorded cardiac activity to the server where it is presented and can be
    reviewed by a medical professional.

   The data received from the Rhythm Express device can be used by another
    device for arrhythmia analysis, reporting and signal measurements. The
   Rhythm Express device is not intended to sound any alarms.

   The device does not deliver any therapy, administer any drugs, provide
     interpretive or diagnostic statements or provide for any life support. The
   Rhythm Express system communicates events from the patient to the
    monitoring center within one to seven minutes (assuming cell service is
     available) and hence is not suitable for use as a real-time arrhythmia event
    monitor.


                                                                       Page 2 of 7

K183704


      VI.  SUMMARY OF TECHNOLIGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE
        PREDICATE DEVICE

        The RX-1 system is substantially equivalent in intended use and similar
           technological characteristics of RhythmStar System cleared under
         K141813.


Category               Identical/  RX-1                           RhythmStar
                       Different

510(k) Number                 K183704                       K141813

Classification           Identical   Medical                          Medical

Name                          Mobile Cardiac Monitor           Mobile Cardiac Monitor

Product Code           Similar    DXH                       DXH

Intended Use           Similar     The Rhythm Express remote       The RhythmStar system is
                                    cardiac monitoring system is        intended for use by patients who
                                intended for use by adult patients   either have or are at risk of having
                         who either have or are at risk of     cardiac disease and those that
                                 having cardiac disease and those    demonstrate intermittent
                                   that demonstrate intermittent     symptoms indicative of cardiac
                            symptoms indicative of cardiac      disease and require cardiac
                                  disease and require cardiac         monitoring on a continuing basis.
                                 monitoring on a continuing basis.   The device continuously records
                             The device continuously records    ECG data and upon detection by
                           ECG data and upon detection by    an ECG analysis algorithm or
                              an ECG analysis algorithm or        manually initiated by the patient,
                                manually initiated by the patient,    automatically delivers the
                                   automatically delivers the          recorded cardiac activity to the
                                recorded cardiac activity to the      server where it is presented and
                                   server where it is presented and    can be reviewed by a medical
                               can be reviewed by a medical        professional.
                                     professional.
                                                            The data received from the
                             The data received from the         RhythmStar device can be used by
                            Rhythm Express device can be      another device for arrhythmia
                               used by another device for           analysis, reporting and signal
                                 arrhythmia analysis, reporting and  measurements. The RhythmStar
                                      signal measurements. The Rhythm  system is not intended to sound
                                  Express device is not intended to    any alarms. The device does not


                                                                            Page 3 of 7

K183704


Category               Identical/  RX-1                           RhythmStar
                       Different

                              sound any alarms.                   deliver any therapy, administer
                                                              any drugs, provide interpretive or
                             The device does not deliver any                                                                         diagnostic statements or provide
                                   therapy, administer any drugs,                                                                           for any life support. RhythmStar is
                                 provide interpretive or diagnostic                                                                           for prescription use only.
                                statements or provide for any life
                                   support. The Rhythm Express
                               system communicates events
                              from the patient to the monitoring
                                  center within one to seven
                               minutes (assuming cell service is
                                      available) and hence is not
                                     suitable for use as a real-time
                                 arrhythmia event monitor.

Delivered device        Similar     RX-1 device                      RhythmStar monitor
includes
                                    -patient 2 lead 4 wire ECG cable       - Patient 3 lead ECG lead cable

                                      -internal rechargeable battery          -- 2 externally re-chargeable
                                                                          batteries
                                  -Wall Battery charger
                                                                                                  - Wall battery charger


Monitor functional     Similar     analog ECG front end,              analog ECG front end,
blocks
                            DSP                        MCU,

                          MCU,                                 flash data storage,

                                      flash data storage,               RF modem for

                             RF modem for                     data transmission,

                                 data transmission,               LCD screen, and

                            LCD screen, and                   keypad,

                                keypad,                          accelerometer

The server:             Similar       facilitate data communication         facilitate data communication
                                 with the RX-1 device,               with the RhythmStar device,


                                                                            Page 4 of 7

K183704


Category               Identical/  RX-1                           RhythmStar
                       Different

                                 provide data storage, and           provide data storage, and

                                 present the data for evaluation by   present the data for evaluation by
                               a medical professional             a medical professional

Device form factor     Similar      small, lightweight                    small, lightweight

                               ambulatory cardiac monitors.       ambulatory cardiac monitors.

Wireless technology    Identical   Yes                              Yes
used to transmit data
to server

Device is battery        Identical   Yes                              Yes
powered by a
rechargeable Li-Ion
battery

using a server, can      Identical   Yes                              Yes
adjust device
programming
parameters such as
pre-post recording
times and autotriggering
configuration.

Devices incorporate    Different  No                              Yes
an accelerometer to
capture activity level
data related to
patient motion and
device orientation.

devices have keypad    similar     Yes                              Yes
for manual event
recordings and a user
interface to indicate
device status and
mode of operation.


                                                                            Page 5 of 7

K183704


Category               Identical/  RX-1                           RhythmStar
                       Different

Device incorporate     Similar     Yes                              Yes
embedded ECG
analysis algorithm to
auto-capture
Bradycardia,
Tachycardia , Atrial
Fibrillation/Atrial
Flutter and
arrhythmia events
between the signal
acquisition point and
the server.

device has at least 2    Similar     Yes                              Yes
ECG channels and 3-
lead electrodes

Functional,             Similar     Yes                              Yes
Environmental and
Electrical
characteristics

USB connection        different    Yes, used to charge the battery,     Yes, used only for data download
                               cannot be connected during ECG    and secondary communication,
                                    recording, not used for data        cannot be connected during ECG
                               download.                         recording


     VII.  PERFORMANCE TESTING

        The following performance and safety tests have been
          passed successfully:
             ·  IEC 60601-2-47:2012 Medical electrical equipment - Part 2-47:
                   Particular requirements for the basic safety and essential
                performance of ambulatory electrocardiographic systems.
             ·  IEC 60601-1-2:2014 4th Edition, Medical Electrical Equipment –
                  Part 1-2: General requirements for basic safety and essential
                performance– Collateral standard: Electromagnetic compatibility –
                Requirements and tests.
             ·  IEC 60601-1-11:2015 Edition 1.1, Medical electrical equipment -


                                                                            Page 6 of 7

K183704


              Part 1-11: General requirements for basic safety and essential
            performance – Collateral Standard: Requirements for medical
               electrical equipment and medical electrical systems used in the
          home healthcare environment.
         ·  ANSI/AAMI TIR57:2015, Principles for medical device security—
            Risk management
         ·  IEC 62366-1:2015 Edition 1.0, Medical devices – Part 1:
             Application of usability engineering to medical devices
         ·  ANSI IEEE C63.27-2017 Evaluation of Wireless Coexistence
         ·  Biocompatibility testing of patient contacting materials according
              to ISO 10993-1.
         ·  Bench test results verify that RX-1 Monitor system can
             continuously record ECG signal, store ECG data in the device
           memory, and transmit manual or auto activated event recordings to
             the server via mobile network connection for evaluation by a
            medical professional. Test results verify that all requirements were
           met and that the RX-1 Monitor performs as designed.

VIII.  SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE RATIONALE
     The intended use, performance and technological characteristics of the RX-
     1 Monitor system compared to the named predicate device demonstrates
      that the RX-1 Monitor is substantially equivalent to the predicate.


  IX.  CONCLUSIONS

     The analysis of the differences between RX-1 Monitor and the predicate
      device does not raise new questions of safety and effectiveness. Based on
      device performance test results, it can be concluded that the RX-1
     Monitor system performs within its design specifications and is
      substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.

     The information in this 510(k) submission demonstrates that the RX-1
     Monitor system is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                                        Page 7 of 7