Perspectum Diagnostics Ltd                                   January 9, 2019
Jaco Jacobs
Chief Quality and Regulatory Compliance Officer
23-38 Hythe Bridge Street
OXFORD, OX1 2ET OXFORDSHIRE
UNITED KINGDOM

Re: K183133
    Trade/Device Name: MRCP+ v1.0
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture Archiving And Communications System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: November 9, 2018
    Received: November 13, 2018

Dear Jaco Jacobs:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 3 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K183133 - Jaco Jacobs                                                                 Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good
manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820)
for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if
applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-
1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and
Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website
(http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone
(1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                           Robert A. Ochs, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                              Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                          and Radiological Health
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: January 31, 2017
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K183133
Device Name
MRCP+v1
Indications for Use (Describe)
MRCP+v1 is indicated for use as a software-based image processing system for non-invasive, quantitative assessment of
biliary system structures by facilitating the generation, visualisation and review of three-dimensional quantitative biliary
system models and anatomical image data.
MRCP+v1 calculates quantitative three-dimensional biliary system models that enable measurement of bile duct widths
and automatic detection of regions of variation (ROV) of tubular structures. MRCP+v1 includes tools for interactive
segmentation and labelling of the biliary system and tubular structures. MRCP+v1 allows for regional volumetric analysis
of segmented tree-like, tubular structures and the gallbladder.
Combining image viewing, processing and reporting tools, the metrics provided is designed to support physicians in the
visualization, evaluation and reporting of hepatobiliary structures. These models and the physical parameters derived from
the models, when interpreted by a trained physician, yield information that may assist in biliary system assessment.
MRCP+v1 is designed to utilize DICOM compliant MRCP datasets, acquired on supported MR scanners using supported
MRCP acquisition protocols.
MRCP+V1 is suitable for all patients not contra-indicated for MRI.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (8/14) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

MRCP+v1 510(k) Summary
RA317

Date Prepared:                             7th of January 2019

1. Submitter Details
Address:                           Perspectum Diagnostics Ltd
                                   23-38 Hythe Bridge Street
                                      Oxford,
                                        Oxfordshire,
                              OX1 2ET.
                                    United Kingdom


Owner/Operator Number:            10056574

Establishment Registration Number:    3014232555

Contact Person:                     Dr Jaco Jacobs
                                     jaco.jacobs@perspectum-diagnostics.com
                                 +44 (0) 1865 655329

2. Subject Device
Legal manufacturer:                 Perspectum Diagnostics Ltd
Common name:                   MRCP+, MRCP+v1
Device name/Trade name:          MRCP+ 1.0
510(k) Number:                    K183133
Classification Regulation:             21 CFR 892.2050
Regulation Name:                       Radiological Image Processing System
Device Classification:                    Class II
Device Panel:                         Radiology
Device Product Code:                  LLZ

3. Predicate Details
Legal Manufacturer:              EDDA Technology Inc.
Common name:                       IQQA-Liver
Device name/Trade name:             IQQA-Liver Multimodality Software
510(k) Number:                    K131498
Classification Regulation:             21 CFR 892.2050
Regulation Name:                       Radiological Image Processing System
Device Classification:                    Class II
Device Panel:                         Radiology
Device Product Code:                  LLZ


No reference devices were used to support this submission.

4. Device Description
4.1.    General
MRCP+v1 is a standalone software device. The purpose of the MRCP+v1 device is to assist the trained operator with
the evaluation of information from Magnetic Resonance (MR) images from a single time-point (patient visit). A trained
operator, typically a radiographer or technician trained in radiological anatomy, loads as input into the MRCP+v1

                                                                                        Page 1 of 11MRCP+v1 (K183133)
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

MRCP+v1 510(k) Summary
RA317

device previously acquired MRCP data. The device is intended to be used by a trained operator to generate metrics in
the form of a summary report to enable reporting by a radiologist for subsequent interpretation and diagnosis by a
clinician.

MRCP+v1 is designed to utilize DICOM 3.0 compliant MRCP datasets, acquired on supported MR scanners, to
display           -filled tubular structures in the abdomen, including the intratree,

Analysis and evaluation tools include:

        Segmentation of structures utilising user input of seeding points
          Interactive labelling of segmented areas
         Quantitative measurement derived from segmentation and labelling results.

MRCP+v1 calculates quantitative three-dimensional biliary system models that enable measurement of bile duct
widths and automatic detection of regions of variation (ROV) of tubular structures. MRCP+v1 includes tools for
interactive segmentation and labelling of the biliary system and tubular structures. MRCP+v1 allows for regional
volumetric analysis of segmented tree-like, tubular structures and the gallbladder.

The radiologist may use existing radiological tools to report on the structure of the biliary tree. The reviewing
radiologist needs to take into consideration the devi     limitations and accuracy during review. The MRCP+v1 report
is intended to supplement a conventional radiology report, for interpretation by a clinician.

MRCP+v1 does not replace the usual procedures for assessment of the biliary system by a reviewing radiologist or
interpreting clinician, providing many opportunities for competent human intervention in the interpretation of images
and information displayed.

The metrics are intended to be used as an additional input to provide information to radiologists and clinicians in
addition to that provided by conventional MRCP.

In consequence, the product is considered to have no adverse effect on health since the results only serve to augment
the information that the radiologists and clinicians will utilize for final review and/or interpretation. In this regard,
MRCP+v1 presents a low level of concern with respect to patient safety.

MRCP+v1 is suitable for all patients not contra-indicated for MRI.

4.2.     Sterilization and Shelf Life
MRCP+ is a standalone software device thus it is non-contact, non-invasive and non-sterile. The shelf life of MRCP+ is
indefinite as long as the manufacturer continues to support the device. Both sterilization and shelf life characteristics
are equivalent of the predicate device.

4.3.    Biocompatibility
MRCP+v1 is a standalone software device thus it is non-contact and non-invasive. No biocompatibility testing was
deemed necessary to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of MRCP+v1. MRCP+v1 does not does not consists of
materials that differ from the predicate device.

4.4.    Software
MRCP+v1 was successfully validated and verified against the                                                                                 . The
results from the validation and verification activities, documented in this submission, corroborate that MRCP+v1


                                                                                        Page 2 of 11MRCP+v1 (K183133)
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

MRCP+v1 510(k) Summary
RA317

meets the product requirement specifications and intended use, which is deemed to be substantially equivalent to the
predicate (see section below).

Validation and verification activities were conducted in a controlled environment and in compliance with IEC 62304,
ISO 13485:2016 and 21 CFR 820. MRCP+v1 is in compliance with the DICOM standard and is issued with a DICOM
conformance statement.

The verification and validation activities conducted demonstrate that MRCP+v1 is at least as safe and effective as the
predicate device and does not introduce any new risks.

4.5.    Electromagnetic and Electrical Safety
MRCP+v1 is a standalone software device. There are no electromagnetic or electrical safety risks associated with the
direct use of the MRCP+v1 device. No electromagnetic or electrical safety testing was deemed necessary to
demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of MRCP+v1.

5. Intended Use
Intended Use
MRCP+v1 is indicated for use as a software-based image processing system for non-invasive, quantitative assessment
of biliary system structures by facilitating the generation, visualisation and review of three-dimensional quantitative
biliary system models and anatomical image data.

MRCP+v1 calculates quantitative three-dimensional biliary system models that enable measurement of bile duct
widths and automatic detection of regions of variation (ROV) of tubular structures. MRCP+v1 includes tools for
interactive segmentation and labelling of the biliary system and tubular structures. MRCP+v1 allows for regional
volumetric analysis of segmented tree-like, tubular structures and the gallbladder.

Combining image viewing, processing and reporting tools, the metrics provided is designed to support physicians in
the visualization, evaluation and reporting of hepatobiliary structures. These models and the physical parameters
derived from the models, when interpreted by a trained physician, yield information that may assist in biliary system
assessment.

MRCP+v1 is designed to utilize DICOM compliant MRCP datasets, acquired on supported MR scanners using
supported MRCP acquisition protocols.

MRCP+v1 is suitable for all patients not contra-indicated for MRI.

Subject and Predicate Device Comparison
The following characteristics were compared between the subject device and the predicate device in order to
demonstrate substantial equivalence.

                                                     Similarities Comparison

 Characteristic                MRCP+v1 (Subject)                          IQQA-Liver (Predicate)
 Intended Use and   MRCP+v1 is indicated for use as a software-    IQQA-Liver Multimodality is a PC-based, selfIndications for Use   based image processing system for non-       contained, non-invasive image analysis
                        invasive, quantitative assessment of biliary     software application for reviewing multiphase
                    system structures by facilitating the          images derived from CT scanners and MR
                      generation, visualisation and review of         scanners. Combining image viewing,
                     three-dimensional quantitative biliary         processing and reporting tools, the software is
                    system models and anatomical image data.    designed to support the visualization,


                                                                                        Page 3 of 11MRCP+v1 (K183133)
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

MRCP+v1 510(k) Summary
RA317

                                                     Similarities Comparison

 Characteristic                MRCP+v1 (Subject)                          IQQA-Liver (Predicate)
                                                                   evaluation and reporting of liver and
                 MRCP+v1 calculates quantitative three-        physician-identified lesions.
                     dimensional biliary system models that
                    enable measurement of bile duct widths and  The software supports a workflow based on
                    automatic detection of regions of variation    automated image registration for viewing and
                    (ROV) of tubular structures. MRCP+v1          analysing multiphase volume datasets. It
                      includes tools for interactive segmentation     includes tools for interactive segmentation
                  and labelling of the biliary system and        and labelling of liver segments and vascular
                      tubular structures. MRCP+v1 allows for         structures.
                       regional volumetric analysis of segmented
                          tree-like, tubular structures and the          The software provides functionalities for
                       gallbladder.                             manual or interactive segmentation of
                                                                        physician-identified lesions, interactive
                   Combining image viewing, processing and      definition of virtual resection plane, and
                      reporting tools, the metrics provided is        allows for regional volumetric analysis of such
                    designed to support physicians in the           lesions in terms of size, position, margin and
                         visualization, evaluation and reporting of      enhancement pattern, providing information
                       hepatobiliary structures. These models and     for physician's evaluation and treatment
                     the physical parameters derived from the      planning.
                    models, when interpreted by a trained
                       physician, yield information that may assist    The software is designed for use by trained
                         in biliary system assessment.                   professionals, including physicians and
                                                                       technicians.
                 MRCP+v1 is designed to utilize DICOM
                     compliant MRCP datasets, acquired on       Image source: DICOM.
                    supported MR scanners using supported
               MRCP acquisition protocols.

                 MRCP+v1 is suitable for all patients not
                      contra-indicated for MRI.
 Target Population    Patients suitable to undergo an MRI scan and   Patients suitable to undergo an MRI/CT scan
                    not contra-indicated for MRI.               and not contra-indicated for MRI/CT.
 Device User         Trained operator with a background in         Trained professionals, including physicians
                        radiological anatomy, such as an MR         and technicians.
                     radiographer/ MR technician.
 Report User          Interpreting clinician, reporting radiologist    N/A
 Device Use            Installation of MRCP+v1 is controlled and      IQQA-Liver is accessed from a cloud-based
 Environment         installed on general purpose workstations. In   server.
                     the context of use, MRCP+v1 reports are
                made available through existing MDDS
                     software devices.
 Anatomical        Abdomen, liver, biliary tree, gallbladder      Abdomen, Liver, Gallbladder
 Location
 Energy             Software only application. The device, a       Software only application. The device, a
 Considerations      standalone software application, does not     standalone software application, does not
                        deliver or depend on energy delivered to or    deliver or depend on energy delivered to or
                   from patients.                            from patients.


                                                                                        Page 4 of 11MRCP+v1 (K183133)
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

MRCP+v1 510(k) Summary
RA317

                                                     Similarities Comparison

 Characteristic                MRCP+v1 (Subject)                          IQQA-Liver (Predicate)
 Design: Purpose     Standalone software application to facilitate   Standalone software application to facilitate
                     the import and visualization of MR data sets   the import and visualization of MR and CT
                   encompassing the abdomen, including the     data sets encompassing the abdomen,
                           liver with functionality independent of the      including the liver with functionality
                 MRI equipment vendor.                    independent of the OEM equipment vendor.

                   Combining image viewing, processing and     Combining image processing, viewing and
                      reporting tools, the metrics provided are       reporting tools, the software supports the
                    designed to support physicians in the           visualization, evaluation and reporting of body
                         visualization, evaluation and reporting of      imaging scans and physician identified lesions.
                       hepatobiliary structures.
 Design: Tools      MRCP+v1 calculates quantitative three-      Manual or interactive segmentation of
                     dimensional biliary system models that         physician-identified lesions and allows for
                    enable measurement of bile duct widths and   regional volumetric analysis of such lesions in
                    automatic detection of regions of variation    terms of size, position, margin and
                    (ROV) of tubular structures. MRCP+v1        enhancement pattern.
                      includes tools for interactive segmentation
                  and labelling of the biliary system and
                      tubular structures. MRCP+v1 allows for
                       regional volumetric analysis of segmented
                          tree-like, tubular structures and the
                       gallbladder.
 Design: Supported  DICOM 3.0 compliant MR data.            DICOM 3.0 compliant MR data from CT/ MRI
 Modalities                                                        scanners.
 Compatibility with    Installation of MRCP+v1 is controlled and is    Cloud -based server access requiring a
 the environment     installed on general purpose workstations     networked computer with the hospital
                      within a controlled networked environment.    intranet.
                 MRCP+v1 reads in local files compliant with    Reads in DICOM 3.0 compliant MR data from
                DICOM 3.0.                               CT/ MRI scanners.
 Performance        Validated with digital synthetic               Experimental results on simulated images
                   phantoms/raw data, phantom scans, and in-   containing structures of interest. Phantom
                       vivo scans.                                    data. Retrospective in-vivo data.
 Supported Systems  Validated across all supported               Supported MR/CT systems.
                     manufacturers.
 Standards           IEC 62304, IEC 62366-1, DICOM 3.0, ISO     DICOM
                    14971, ISO 13485
 System/Operating   Apple/Mac OS                              Standard PC hardware
 System
 Materials          Not applicable, standalone software.         Not applicable, standalone software.
 Biocompatibility     Not applicable, standalone software.         Not applicable, standalone software.
  Sterility           Not applicable, standalone software.         Not applicable, standalone software.
 Electrical Safety     Not applicable, standalone software.         Not applicable, standalone software.
 Mechanical Safety   Not applicable, standalone software.         Not applicable, standalone software.
 Chemical Safety     Not applicable, standalone software.         Not applicable, standalone software.
 Thermal Safety      Not applicable, standalone software.         Not applicable, standalone software.
 Radiation Safety     Not applicable, standalone software.         Not applicable, standalone software.


                                                                                        Page 5 of 11MRCP+v1 (K183133)
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

MRCP+v1 510(k) Summary
RA317

The major differences between the predicate and subject devices are listed, along with a justification statement as to
why the differences do not impact safety and effectiveness.

                                               Differences Comparison

 Characteristic                MRCP+v1 (Subject)                          IQQA-Liver (Predicate)
 Manufacturer       Perspectum Diagnostics Ltd              EDDA Technologies
 No new concerns with regards to safety and effectiveness are raised due to different manufacturer. Perspectum
 Diagnostics Ltd designed and manufactured MRCP+v1 under a QSR complaint quality management system using
 appropriate design controls and an ISO 14971 compliant risk management process. MRCP+v1 underwent a
 substantive performance evaluation.

 Intended Use and   MRCP+v1 is indicated for use as a software-    IQQA-Liver Multimodality is a PC-based, selfIndications for Use   based image processing system for non-       contained, non-invasive image analysis
                        invasive, quantitative assessment of biliary     software application for reviewing multiphase
                    system structures by facilitating the          images derived from CT scanners and MR
                      generation, visualisation and review of         scanners. Combining image viewing,
                     three-dimensional quantitative biliary         processing and reporting tools, the software is
                    system models and anatomical image data.    designed to support the visualization,
                                                                   evaluation and reporting of liver and
                 MRCP+v1 calculates quantitative three-        physician-identified lesions.
                     dimensional biliary system models that
                    enable measurement of bile duct widths and  The software supports a workflow based on
                    automatic detection of regions of variation    automated image registration for viewing and
                    (ROV) of tubular structures. MRCP+v1          analysing multiphase volume datasets. It
                      includes tools for interactive segmentation     includes tools for interactive segmentation
                  and labelling of the biliary system and        and labelling of liver segments and vascular
                      tubular structures. MRCP+v1 allows for         structures.
                       regional volumetric analysis of segmented
                          tree-like, tubular structures and the          The software provides functionalities for
                       gallbladder.                             manual or interactive segmentation of
                                                                        physician-identified lesions, interactive
                   Combining image viewing, processing and      definition of virtual resection plane, and
                      reporting tools, the metrics provided is        allows for regional volumetric analysis of such
                    designed to support physicians in the           lesions in terms of size, position, margin and
                         visualization, evaluation and reporting of     enhancement pattern, providing information
                       hepatobiliary structures. These models and     for physician's evaluation and treatment
                     the physical parameters derived from the      planning.
                    models, when interpreted by a trained
                       physician, yield information that may assist    The software is designed for use by trained
                         in biliary system assessment.                   professionals, including physicians and
                                                                       technicians.
                 MRCP+v1 is designed to utilize DICOM
                     compliant MRCP datasets, acquired on       Image source: DICOM.
                    supported MR scanners using supported            .
               MRCP acquisition protocols.

                 MRCP+v1 is suitable for all patients not
                      contra-indicated for MRI.
 Similar intended use and therefore does not raise any new concerns with regards to safety and effectiveness.
 Target Population    Indicted for use in the general population for   Indicted for use in the general population for
                   any patients that are not contra-indicated     any patients that are not contra-indicated for
                        for MRI.                              MRI and CT.


                                                                                        Page 6 of 11MRCP+v1 (K183133)
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

MRCP+v1 510(k) Summary
RA317

                                               Differences Comparison

 Characteristic                MRCP+v1 (Subject)                          IQQA-Liver (Predicate)
 No new risks are associated with the difference in imaging modalities between the subject and predicate device,
 both subject and predicate device utilise DICOM 3.0 compliant files as an input. DICOM is the most common format
 for storing and transmitting medical images and is used by most manufactures of radiological imaging devices
 including MRI and CT.
 Device User         Trained operator with a background in        Trained professionals, including physicians
                        radiological anatomy, such as an MR         and technicians
                     radiographer/ MR technician
 Operators are trained and the effectiveness of the training is evaluated on an ongoing basis. Inter- and intra-reader
 assessments are performed periodically and as part of training to maintain the quality of reporting and to limit
  variability and bias.

 Device Use            Installation of MRCP+v1 is controlled and      IQQA-Liver is accessed from a cloud-based
 Environment         installed on general purpose workstations at   server.

                      use, MRCP+v1 reports are made available
                    through QAS.
 The medium which through data is accessed is primarily based on business operational needs. Transfer of data
 through a cloud-based portal represent similar risks. Both are standalone software devices, MRCP+ does not have
 any network functionality and merely processes DICOM 3.0 compliant datasets.

 The difference in the use environment does not pose any new risks and the performance and safety characteristics
 of the subject device and the chosen predicate can be considered equivalent with regard to the device use
 environment.
 Design: Supported  DICOM 3.0 compliant MR data.            DICOM 3.0 compliant MR data from CT/ MRI
 Modalities                                                        scanners.
 Does not raise any new concerns with regards to safety and effectiveness. MRI is a non-ionising radiation imaging
 modality.
 Performance        Validated with digital synthetic               Experimental results on simulated images
                   phantoms/raw data, phantom scans, and in-   containing structures of interest. Phantom
                       vivo (healthy volunteer and patients with       data. Retrospective in-vivo data.
                    suspected hepatobiliary disease) scans.
 MRCP+v1 underwent substantive validation. Does not raise any new concerns with regards to safety and
 effectiveness.
 Supported Systems  Validated across all supported MR            Supported MR/CT systems.
                     manufacturers.
 Does not raise any new concerns with regards to safety and effectiveness.
 Standards           IEC 62304, IEC 62366-1, DICOM 3.0, ISO     DICOM
                    14971, ISO 13485
 Does not raise any new concerns with regards to safety and effectiveness.
 System/Operating   Apple/Mac OS                              Standard PC hardware
 System
 Does not raise any new concerns with regards to safety and effectiveness.


Discussion
A comparison between the subject and predicate devices is summarised above.

The subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, both regulated under regulation 21 CFR
892.2050. Substantial equivalence is based on the following observations:


                                                                                        Page 7 of 11MRCP+v1 (K183133)
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

MRCP+v1 510(k) Summary
RA317

        The indications for use and intended uses of both the subject device and predicate device are, for the
        purpose of substantial equivalence determination, equivalent.
        The subject and predicate devices include software applications which utilise MR data to visualise and
        enable quantification of physiological characteristics in the abdomen.
        The subject and predicate devices are both standalone software applications to facilitate the import and
          visualization of MR data sets.
        Both the subject and predicate devices are designed to run on general-purpose computing hardware.
        Both the subject device and the predicate device include tools to facilitate the import and visualization of
         data sets and include tools to enable the manipulation of the views and to enable the quantification and
          analysis of segmented structures.
        Both the subject device and the predicate device include tools for interactive segmentation and labelling of
        abdominal structures and allow for regional volumetric analysis of segmented abdominal structures.
        Performance testing demonstrates that the subject device performs at least as safely and effectively as the
        proposed predicate.


In conclusion, the subject device does not present any new potential safety risk when compared to the chosen
predicate device and performs in accordance with its use characteristics and intended use.

6. Performance Testing
MRCP+v1 underwent full performance testing under controlled conditions to corroborate that it is safe and effective
to use. The performance testing conducted demonstrates that MRCP+v1 is at least as safe and effective as the
predicate device and does not introduce any new risks.

6.1.    Performance Testing  Bench
Validated MR Systems
MRCP+v1 underwent bench performance testing on the following MR Systems:

     Manufacturer                Model                                   Field Strength
     Siemens                MAGNETOM Prisma                3T
     Siemens                MAGNETOM Avantofit                1.5T
    GE                              Discovery MR750                  3T
    GE                          Optima MR450w                     1.5T
       Philips                         Achieva                          3T
       Philips                         Achieva                             1.5T


Algorithmic Accuracy
The accuracy of the MRCP+v1 algorithm was assessed against the duct file specification of the physically printed
phantoms, a dataset of digital synthetic data. The results of which are summarized below:

                                    Algorithmic Accuracy   Digital Synthetic Data

                          95% CI Upper Limit of Agreement     95% CI Lower Limit of Agreement
            Clinical Phantom                0.9mm                          -0.9mm

      Tube Width Phantom              1.3mm                          -0.6mm


                                                                                        Page 8 of 11MRCP+v1 (K183133)
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

MRCP+v1 510(k) Summary
RA317


It can be said that the algorithmic accuracy of MRCP+v1 when used to quantify tubular structures from acquired
MRCP data is high when not presented with the variability introduced by phantom or in-vivo scanning.

Device Accuracy
The accuracy of the MRCP+v1 device was assessed using two different phantoms. The results of the analysis over both
are summarized below:

                                     Algorithmic Accuracy  Physical Phantoms

                          95% CI Upper Limit of Agreement     95% CI Lower Limit of Agreement
            Clinical Phantom                     1.0 mm                         -1.1mm
      Tube Width Phantom              0.7mm                          -0.9mm
Two different types of phantom, a clinical and tubewidth, were used in the bench performance testing. It can be seen
that the variability introduced due to the acquisition of phantom data is limited and MRCP+v1 is highly accurate when
quantifying tubular structures.

Precision
Precision of the MRCP+v1 device was assessed using two different phantoms. The results of the analysis over both are
summarized below:

                                            Repeatability                              Reproducibility

       Phantom Type       Upper Limit of      Lower Limit of      Upper Limit of      Lower Limit of
                         Agreement (mm)    Agreement (mm)    Agreement (mm)    Agreement (mm)

        Clinical Phantom             0.4                   -0.4                 0.5                   -1.1
    Tube Width Phantom           0.3                   -0.3                 0.7                   -0.8


As demonstrated in the table above, the variation introduced by repeated acquisitions and different scanners does
not significantly affect the performance of MRCP+v1. It can be stated that MRCP+v1 is highly repeatable and
reproducible.

6.2.    Performance Testing  In-vivo
Validated MR Systems
MRCP+v1 underwent in-vivo performance testing on the following MR Systems:

     Manufacturer                Model                                   Field Strength
     Siemens                MAGNETOM Prisma                3T
     Siemens                MAGNETOM Avantofit                1.5T
    GE                              Discovery MR750                  3T
    GE                          Optima MR450w                     1.5T


Precision
The precision of MRCP+v1 was assessed using in-vivo data acquired from volunteers. The results of which are
summarized below and demonstrate that across the metrics reported, MRCP+v1 is highly repeatable and reproducible
across field strengths and manufacturers when quantifying hepatobiliary structures from in-vivo acquired datasets.


                                                                                        Page 9 of 11MRCP+v1 (K183133)
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

MRCP+v1 510(k) Summary
RA317

                                                                    Repeatability

                    Measure          95% CI Upper Limit of      95% CI Lower Limit of
                                            Agreement               Agreement

                   Tree Volume (ml)                   3.4                           -3.5
                 Gallbladder Volume (ml)               4.4                           -9.4
                 3-5mm (%)                    17.7                        -19.2
                 5-7mm (%)                      8.5                           -8.0
                 Greater than 7mm (%)                1.6                           -1.8
                   Less than 3mm (%)                 20.2                        -19.2


                                                                    Repeatability

                    Measure          95% CI Upper Limit of      95% CI Lower Limit of
                                            Agreement               Agreement

                 Duct Median (mm)                  1.7                           -2.0
                Duct Minimum (mm)                 1.9                           -2.2
                Duct Maximum (mm)                 3.2                           -2.9
                   Duct IQR (mm)                    1.8                           -1.7


                                                                   Reproducibility

                    Measure          95% CI Upper Limit of      95% CI Lower Limit of
                                            Agreement               Agreement

                   Tree Volume (ml)                   4.7                           -6.9
                 Gallbladder Volume (ml)              13.8                        -18.4
                 3-5mm (%)                    27.8                        -15.8
                 5-7mm (%)                    10.8                        -11.8
                 Greater than 7mm (%)                2.6                           -3.1
                   Less than 3mm (%)                 30.8                        -23.4


                                                                   Reproducibility

                    Measure          95% CI Upper Limit of      95% CI Lower Limit of
                                            Agreement               Agreement

                 Duct Median (mm)                  2.6                           -2.8
                Duct Minimum (mm)                 2.6                           -2.8
                Duct Maximum (mm)                 4.0                           -3.5
                   Duct IQR (mm)                    1.9                           -2.3

Intra- and Inter- Operator
As demonstrated below the variation introduced by operator analysis is well within the prescribed acceptance criteria
set for performance testing with only a slightly larger variation introduced by having two readers read the same study
compared to the same reader performing a second analysis blinded.


                                                                                      Page 10 of 11MRCP+v1 (K183133)
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

MRCP+v1 510(k) Summary
RA317

                                       Intra-Operator                                 Inter-Operator

     Measure       95% CI Upper Limit of   95% CI Lower Limit of   95% CI Upper Limit  95% CI Lower Limit of
                        Agreement           Agreement            of Agreement         Agreement

  Tree Volume (ml)              0.9                      -0.6                    3.6                     -6.8
 Gallbladder Volume             0.0                     0.0                    0.6                     -0.7
    3-5mm (%)                 7.4                      -7.7                  16.8                  -11.1
    5-7mm (%)                 5.0                      -5.1                    6.3                     -6.3
 Greater than 7mm             3.9                      -4.7                    1.4                     -1.7
 Less than 3mm (%)            11.7                    -10.7                  12.3                  -17.4
 Duct Median (mm)              0.4                      -0.4                    1.1                     -1.8
Duct Minimum (mm)            0.5                      -0.4                    1.0                     -1.3
Duct Maximum (mm)            2.0                      -1.6                    2.0                     -3.2
   Duct IQR (mm)               0.5                      -0.4                    1.6                     -1.9

7. Conclusion
In summary, Perspectum Diagnostics conclude and are satisfied that MRCP+v1 is:

       MRCP+v1 is substantially equivalent to IQQA-Liver
       MRCP+v1 does not raise any new concerns with regards to safety and efficacy
        The differences between MRCP+v1 and IQQA-Liver do not impact safety and effectiveness
        The intended use/indications for use of the subject device and predicate device are substantially equivalent
        The technological characteristics of the subject device and predicate device are substantially equivalent


                                                                                       Page 11 of 11MRCP+v1 (K183133)
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed