July 10, 2019

physIQ, Inc
George Hides
Vice President, Regulatory and Clinical Affairs
300 E. 5th Avenue, Suite 105
Naperville, Illinois 60563

Re: K183322
    Trade/Device Name: physIQ Heart Rhythm and Respiratory Module
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2340
    Regulation Name: Electrocardiograph
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: DPS
    Dated: June 6, 2019
    Received: June 10, 2019

Dear George Hides:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K183322 - George Hides                                                               Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                      Jennifer      DigitallyJennifer W.signedShih by-S
                  W. Shih -S  Date:11:32:372019.07.10-04'00'
                                              for Nicole Goodsell
                                              External Heart Rhythm and Rate Team
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology, Diagnostics, and
                                              Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K183322

Device Name
physIQ Heart Rhythm and Respiration Module (Version 2.0)


Indications for Use (Describe)
The physIQ Heart Rhythm and Respiration Module (Version 2.0) is intended for use by a physician or other qualified
medical professionals for the calculation of heart rate and heart rate variability, the detection of atrial fibrillation and
determination of respiration rate using ambulatory ECG and triaxial accelerometer data. The physIQ Heart Rhythm and
Respiration Module supports receiving and analyzing single-lead ECG signals recorded in a compatible format from
FDA-cleared ECG biosensor devices using “wet” electrode technology and triaxial accelerometers when assessment of
rhythm and respiration rate is desired. The physIQ Heart Rhythm and Respiration Module is for use in adult patients in
subacute clinical and nonclinical settings for remote patient monitoring. The physIQ Heart Rhythm and Respiration
Module is not for use in patients requiring life-supporting or life-sustaining systems or as ECG or respiration alarm
devices.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K183322
                                                                                   Page 1 of 5

                                         510(k) Summary


GENERAL INFORMATION

Applicant:
physIQ Inc.
300 E. 5th Avenue
Suite 105
Naperville IL 60563
USA
Phone: (800) 561-7902

Date Prepared:
June 6, 2019

Contact Person:
George Allen Hides
Vice President, Regulatory and Clinical Affairs
physIQ Inc.
300 E. 5th Avenue
Suite 105
Naperville IL 60563
USA
Email: george.hides@physiq.com
Phone: (312) 654-1010

Trade/Proprietary Name:
physIQ Heart Rhythm and Respiration Module (Version 2.0)

Generic/Common Name:
Electrocardiograph

Classification:
Class II, 21 CFR§870.2340 (Electrocardiograph)

Product Code:
DPS

Predicate Device”
physIQ Heart Rhythm Module, Version 1.0 (K180234)
physIQ Inc.
HealthPatchMD/VitalPatch (K152139)
Vital Connect, Inc.

Indications for Use:
The physIQ Heart Rhythm and Respiration Module (Version 2.0) is intended for use by a physician or
other qualified medical professionals for the calculation of heart rate and heart rate variability, the
detection of atrial fibrillation and determination of respiration rate using ambulatory ECG and triaxial
accelerometer data. The physIQ Heart Rhythm and Respiration Module supports receiving and analyzing
single-lead ECG signals recorded in a compatible format from FDA-cleared ECG biosensor devices using
“wet” electrode

K183322
                                                                                    Page 2 of 5

technology and triaxial accelerometers when assessment of rhythm and respiration rate is desired. The
physIQ Heart Rhythm and Respiration Module is for use in adult patients in subacute clinical and nonclinical settings for remote patient monitoring. The physIQ Heart Rhythm and Respiration Module is not
for use in patients requiring life-supporting or life-sustaining systems or as ECG or respiration alarm
devices.

Product Description:
The physIQ Heart Rhythm and Respiration Module (Version 2.0) is a computerized all-software callable
function library in the Python programming language that is designed for calculating heart rate and heart
rate variability and for detecting atrial fibrillation and determining respiration rate determined by
automated analysis of any single electrocardiogram (ECG) channel collected by commercially-available
ECG biosensor devices with triaxial accelerometers. The physIQ Heart Rhythm and Respiration Module
will be integrated by the customer organization into an end-to-end system (biosensor data collection to
clinician display) that makes calls into the product, most typically via a Python middleware script. The
“middleware” accesses the source ECG and triaxial accelerometer data from a customer’s data collection
system, most likely via its own application programming interface (API), and makes calls to the physIQ
Heart Rhythm and Respiration Module to input ECG and triaxial accelerometer data for processing into
the vital sign outputs of the product. These outputs are returned to the middleware, which may insert
these results into a downstream monitoring system for clinical use.

Performance Testing:
The physIQ Heart Rhythm and Respiration Module (Version 2.0) contains a collection of algorithms
intended to be applied to ECG data collected by commercially-available ECG biosensor devices with triaxial
accelerometers in an ambulatory setting. The collection consists of Heartbeat Detector, Heart Rate, Heart
Rate Variability, Atrial Fibrillation and Respiration Rate algorithms.  Performance testing following
guidelines of ANSI/AAMI EC572012: Testing and Reporting Performance Results of Cardiac Rhythm and ST
segment Measurement Algorithms was applied to heart rate, heart rate variability, and atrial fibrillation
algorithms in a previous Traditional 510(k) submission for the physIQ Heart Rhythm Module (K180234).
There are no FDA-recognized consensus standards to assess the performance of respiration rate
algorithms.  In this submission, performance validation was performed using clinical and bench testing
and results for the respiration rate algorithm were compared to internal acceptance criteria as well as to
the predicate device, the Vital Connect HealthPatchMD/VitalPatch (K152139).  The respiration rate
algorithm met its corresponding acceptance criteria and performed comparably to the predicate device.

Substantial Equivalence:
The physIQ Heart Rhythm and Respiration Module (Version 2.0) has the same intended use to the
predicate devices, the physIQ Heart Rhythm Module and Vital Connect’s VitalPatch (in its computational
aspect). The physIQ Heart Rhythm Module calculates heart rate and heart rate variability and detects
atrial fibrillation from a single-lead ECG. The Vital Connect VitalPatch calculates heart rate and heart rate
variability, and determines respiration rate from a single-lead ECG plus triaxial accelerometry. The patient
population for both the physIQ Heart Rhythm and Respiration Module and the predicate devices includes
subacute adults who do not require life-supporting or life-sustaining systems or device alarms. Of note,
the intended uses of the physIQ Heart Rhythm and Respiration Module and the predicate devices are to
supplement standard of care and not to replace or substitute for routine vital signs monitoring. Both the
physIQ Heart Rhythm and Respiration Module and the physIQ Heart Rhythm Module predicate have
similar safety and technological characteristics as both are all software medical devices and require input
of time-series ECG from commercially available devices in a format acceptable for signal processing and
algorithm function. Likewise, the physIQ Heart Rhythm and Respiration Module and the VitalPatch (in its

K183322
                                                                                    Page 3 of 5

computational aspect) similarly require input of time-series ECG and triaxial accelerometer data. Any
differences in technological characteristics have been analyzed and addressed through performance
validation testing and hazard analysis. Performance testing demonstrates that the physIQ Heart Rhythm
and  Respiration Module meets  its  intended  use and any  differences  in  technological  characteristics
between the physIQ Heart Rhythm and Respiration Module and the predicate devices are adequately
addressed.  Therefore, the physIQ Heart Rhythm and Respiration Module is substantially equivalent to the
predicate devices.

                  physIQ Heart Rhythm                              physIQ Heart Rhythm     Device                                HealthPatchMD/                     Module                                and Respiration Module  Functionality                                       VitalPatch                        (Version 1.0)                                          (Version 2.0)
 Comparison               510(k)                     510(k)                     510(k)
                      Predicate Device           Predicate Device         New Device
 Manufacturer          physIQ Inc.                Vital Connect, Inc.            physIQ Inc.
 510(k) Number         K180234                K152139                 TBD
 Classification               Class II,                      Class II,                      Class II,
                   21 CFR §870.2340        21 CFR §870.2910,        21 CFR §870.2340
                                                §870.1025
 Product Code            DPS                DRG, DSI, MHX               DPS
 Indications for   The physIQ Heart Rhythm   The Vital Connect         The physIQ Heart Rhythm
 Use           Module (Version 1.0) is     Platform is a wireless      and Respiration Module
                 intended for use by a      remote monitoring         (Version 2.0) is intended
                   physician or other         system intended for use     for use by a physician or
                    qualified medical          by healthcare              other qualified medical
                   professionals for the        professionals for            professionals for the
                    calculation of heart rate    continuous collection of     calculation of heart rate
               and heart rate variability    physiological data in       and heart rate variability,
               and the detection of atrial  home and healthcare       the detection of atrial
                      fibrillation using              settings. This can include     fibrillation and
                 ambulatory ECG data. The   heart rate,                determination of
                 physIQ Heart Rhythm       electrocardiography         respiration rate using
               Module supports           (ECG), heart rate          ambulatory ECG and
                   receiving and analyzing      variability, R-R interval,       triaxial accelerometer
                    single-lead ECG signals      respiratory rate, skin        data. The physIQ Heart
                 recorded in a compatible   temperature, activity      Rhythm and Respiration
                 format from FDA-cleared    (including step count),     Module supports
              ECG biosensor devices     and posture (body          receiving and analyzing
                  using “wet” electrode       position relative to gravity   single-lead ECG signals
                 technology when            including fall). Data are     recorded in a compatible
                 assessment of rhythm is    transmitted wirelessly      format from FDA-cleared
                   desired. The physIQ Heart  from the Vital Connect     ECG biosensor devices
               Rhythm Module is for use   Sensor for storage and      using “wet” electrode
                     in subacute clinical and      analysis. The Vital          technology and triaxial
                    non-clinical settings for     Connect Platform can       accelerometers when
                remote patient             include the ability to       assessment of rhythm and
                  monitoring. The physIQ      notify healthcare            respiration rate is desired.
                 Heart Rhythm Module is    professionals when        The physIQ Heart Rhythm

K183322
                                                                                   Page 4 of 5

                 physIQ Heart Rhythm                              physIQ Heart Rhythm    Device                                HealthPatchMD/                     Module                                and Respiration Module Functionality                                       VitalPatch                       (Version 1.0)                                          (Version 2.0)
                not for use in patients       physiological data fall      and Respiration Module is
                  requiring life-supporting    outside selected             for use in adult patients in
                 or life-sustaining systems   parameters.               subacute clinical and nonor ECG Alarm devices.      The device is intended for    clinical settings for
                                        use on general care        remote patient
                                              patients who are 18 years   monitoring. The physIQ
                                              of age or older as a         Heart Rhythm and
                                            general patient monitor,    Respiration Module is not
                                            to provide physiological     for use in patients
                                             information. The data       requiring life-supporting
                                       from the Vital Connect      or life-sustaining systems
                                           Platform are intended for   or as ECG or respiration
                                        use by healthcare          alarm devices.
                                              professionals as an aid to
                                              diagnosis and treatment.
                                      The device is not intended
                                                for use on critical care
                                                patients.
Level of        Moderate               Moderate               Moderate
Concern
Components     Software only              Wireless data collection    Software only
                                        system comprising sensor
                                       hardware and
                                          computational firmware
                                              that computes vital signs;
                                           Relay Software Module
                                    SDK that runs on Android
                                     and iPhone; and an
                                             optional Secure Server
                                           sub-system.
Interface         Callable application         Wireless offloading to       Callable application
               programming interface     smartphone via Relay      programming interface
                   (API)                     Software Module.           (API)
Display        No primary display        The encrypted wireless    No primary display
                                          data provided by the
                                          Sensor may be
                                      downloaded from the
                                                relay device for storage,
                                            or integrated into a ThirdParty Relay Application
                                                 via the APIs of the Relay
                                          Software Library
QRS detection   YES                      YES                     YES

K183322
                                                                                    Page 5 of 5

                  physIQ Heart Rhythm                              physIQ Heart Rhythm     Device                                HealthPatchMD/                     Module                                and Respiration Module  Functionality                                       VitalPatch                        (Version 1.0)                                          (Version 2.0)
 Heart rate       YES                      YES                     YES
 non-paced
 adult
 Heart rate       YES (deterministic based    YES                     YES (deterministic based
 variability      on R-to-R interval derived                         on R-to-R interval derived
                from QRS detection)                               from QRS detection)
 Atrial           YES                NO                      YES
 fibrillation
 detection
 Respiration    NO                      YES                     YES
 rate
 ECG         NO (other than QRS      NO                NO (other than QRS
 morphological    location and beat-to-beat                                location and beat-to-beat
 analysis          analyses, no ECG                                        analyses, no ECG
                 morphological analyses                               morphological analyses
                  are performed)                                       are performed)
 Arrhythmia    NO                NO                NO
 classifications
 (other than
 atrial
 fibrillation)
 Patient          Adult                      Adult                      Adult
 populations
 Clinical setting   Subacute (non-life-        Not intended for critical    Subacute (non-lifesupporting or life-          care patients.              supporting or lifethreatening systems                                   threatening systems
                  required)                                               required)
 Alarm / Trigger  NO                NO                NO

Conclusion:
The physIQ Heart Rhythm and Respiration Module has the same intended use and patient population and
similar technological characteristics as those of the predicate devices, the physIQ Heart Rhythm Module
and the HealthPatch/VitalPatch. Differences in technological characteristics have been analyzed and
addressed through performance validation testing which demonstrated that the physIQ Heart Rhythm
and Respiration Module meets it intended use and that any differences between the physIQ Heart Rhythm
and Respiration Module and the predicate devices dare adequately addressed. Therefore, the physIQ
Heart Rhythm and Respiration Module is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.

Summary:
Based on the information provided and the testing conducted, the physIQ Heart Rhythm and Respiration
Module is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.