September 10, 2019

Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
℅ Mrs. Kimberly Rendon
Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs
40 Liberty Blvd., Mail Code: 65-1A
MALVERN PA 19355

Re: K183268
    Trade/Device Name: AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed tomography x-ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK, LLZ
    Dated: August 15, 2019
    Received: August 19, 2019

Dear Mrs. Rendon:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K183268 – Mrs. Kimberly Rendon                                                       Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K183268

Device Name
AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)


Indications for Use (Describe)
AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) is image processing software that provides quantitative and qualitative analysis from
previously acquired Computed Tomography DICOM images to support radiologists and physicians from emergency
medicine, specialty care, urgent care, and general practice in the evaluation and assessment of cardiovascular diseases.

It provides the following functionality:
• Segmentation and volume measurement of the heart
• Quantification of the total calcium volume in the coronary arteries
• Segmentation of the aorta
• Measurement of maximum diameters of the aorta at typical landmarks
• Threshold-based highlighting of enlarged diameters

The software has been validated for non-cardiac chest CT data with filtered backprojection reconstruction from Siemens
Healthineers, GE Healthcare, Philips, and Toshiba/Canon. Additionally, the calcium detection feature has been validated
on non-cardiac chest CT data with iterative reconstruction from Siemens Healthineers.

Only DICOM images of adult patients are considered to be valid input.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(K) SUMMARY
                 AI-RAD COMPANION (CARDIOVASCULAR)
                              K183268

                                  Date Prepared: August 14, 2019

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the
requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR §807.92.

I. Submitter
Importer/Distributor
Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
40 Liberty Boulevard
Malvern, PA 19355
Establishment Registration Number
2240869

Manufacturing Site
Siemens Healthcare GmbH
Siemensstrasse 1 D-91301
Forchheim, Germany
Establishment Registration Number
3004977335

Contact Person
Kimberly Rendon
Sr. Manager, Regulatory Affairs

II. Device Name and Classification
Product/Proprietary Trade Name:  AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)
Classification Name:           Computed Tomography X-ray System
Classification Panel:             Radiology
CFR Section:                  21 CFR §892.1750
Device Class:                     Class II
Product Code:              JAK
Secondary Product Code:       LLZ

III. Predicate Device
Primary Predicate Device:
Product/Proprietary Trade Name:  syngo.CT Calcium Scoring
510(k) Number:               K990426
Clearance Date:                  05/12/1999
Classification Name:           Computed Tomography X-Ray System
Classification Panel:             Radiology
CFR Section:                  21 CFR §892.1750
Device Class:                     Class II
Primary Product Code:        JAK
Recall Information:              There are currently no recalls for this device

Secondary Predicate Device:
Product/Proprietary Trade Name:  syngo.CT Cardiac Function
510(k) Number:               K123585
Clearance Date:                  12/20/2012
Classification Name:           Computed Tomography X-Ray System
Classification Panel:             Radiology

CFR Section:                  21 CFR §892.1750
Device Class:                     Class II
Primary Product Code:        JAK
Recall Information:              There are currently no recalls for this device

Secondary Predicate Device:
Product/Proprietary Trade Name:  syngo aortic Valve Guide
510(k) Number:               K113027
Clearance Date:                  11/22/2011
Classification Name:               Interventional Fluoroscopic X-Ray System
Classification Panel:             Radiology
CFR Section:                  21 CFR §892.1650
Device Class:                     Class II
Primary Product Code:       OWB
Secondary Product Code:       JAA

IV. Device Description
In general, AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) is a software only image post-processing application that
uses deep learning algorithms to post-process CT data of the thorax. As an update to the previously cleared
devices, the following modifications have been made:

1)  Modified Indication for Use Statement
2)  Support of software AI-Rad Companion CT VA10A
     a)  Heart segmentation including measurements (modified)
    b)  Calcium detection based on deep learning algorithm (modified)
     c)  Aorta segmentation (modified)
    d) AHA landmarks for labeling and diameter measurement of the aorta, including threshold-based
         aorta diameter classification (modified)
3)  Subject device claims list

The subject device AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) is an image processing software that utilizes deep
learning algorithms to provide quantitative and qualitative analysis from previously acquired Computed
Tomography DICOM images to support radiologists and physicians from emergency medicine, specialty
care, urgent care, and general practice in the evaluation and assessment of disease of the thorax. The subject
device supports the following device specific functionality:

    ·   Segmentation and volume measurement of heart
    ·   Identification and measurement of volume with high Hounsfield values -–related to coronary
         calcification
    ·   Segmentation of the aorta and determination of 9 Landmarks
    ·   Computation of cross-sectional MPRs at the 9 landmarks and their maximum diameter
    ·   Measurement of maximum diameters of the aorta at typical landmarks
    ·   Threshold-based classification of diameters into different categories

V. Indications for Use
AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) is image processing software that provides quantitative and qualitative
analysis from previously acquired Computed Tomography DICOM images to support radiologists and
physicians from emergency medicine, specialty care, urgent care, and general practice in the evaluation and
assessment of cardiovascular diseases.

It provides the following functionality:

    ·   Segmentation and volume measurement of the heart
    ·   Quantification of the total calcium volume in the coronary arteries
    ·   Segmentation of the aorta

·   Measurement of maximum diameters of the aorta at typical landmarks
    ·   Threshold-based highlighting of enlarged diameters

The software has been validated for non-cardiac chest CT data with filtered backprojection reconstruction
from Siemens  Healthineers, GE  Healthcare,  Philips, and Toshiba/Canon. Additionally,  the calcium
detection feature has been validated on non-cardiac chest CT data with iterative reconstruction from
Siemens Healthineers.

Only DICOM images of adult patients are considered to be valid input.

VI. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device
In comparison the predicate device, the subject devices provide comparable outputs in terms of heart/aorta
segmentation, coronary calcium visualization and grading, heart/aorta measurement, and labeling. A tabular
comparison of the subject device and predicate devices is provided as Table 1 below.

Table 1: Predicate Device Comparable Properties
        Subject Device                 Predicate Device

          Siemens                     Siemens                     Comparison Results
     AI-Rad Companion        syngo.CT Cardiac Function
       (Cardiovascular)                 (K123585)

 AI-based Heart Segmentation    Model-based Heart Isolation       Modified
                                                                  subject device: deep learning-based algorithm
                                                                predicate device: model-based segmentation
                                                                   algorithm

 Color overlay of MPR and       Basic Reading Functionality     Same
 VRT with evaluation results

          Siemens                     Siemens
     AI-Rad Companion        syngo CaScoring (K990426)             Comparison Results
       (Cardiovascular)

 Calcium Detection              Automatic detection of coronary   Modified
                                    vessels and coronary calcium      subject device: deep learning-based algorithm
                                                                predicate device: model-based segmentation
                                                                   algorithm

          Siemens                     Siemens
     AI-Rad Companion          ValveGuide (K113027)               Comparison Results
       (Cardiovascular)

 Aorta Segmentation              Aortic root segmentation          Modified
                                                                  subject device: deep learning-based algorithm
                                                                predicate device: model-based segmentation
                                                                   algorithm

                                                           Modified
                                                                  subject device: deep learning-based
 Landmark Detection           Landmark detection                algorithm, 9 AHA positions
                                                                predicate device: model-based segmentation
                                                                     algorithm, aortic root plane

 Aorta diameter measurements    Aorta diameter measurements    Same

                                               New
                                                             measurements are compared with results from Aorta categories             N/A
                                                                a standard population, deviations are
                                                                       signalized to the user

 Color overlay of MPR and                                 Basic Reading Functionality     Same
 VRT with evaluation results

VII. Performance Data
Non-Clinical Testing Summary
Performance  tests were conducted  to  test the  functionality of AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular).
Software validations, bench testing, and clinical data-based software validations have been conducted to the
performance claims as well as the claim of substantial equivalence to the predicate devices.

AI-Rad Companion has been tested to meet the requirements of conformity to multiple industry standards.
Non-clinical performance  testing demonstrated that AI-Rad Companion complies with the following
voluntary FDA recognized Consensus Standards listed in Table 2 below.

Table 2: Voluntary Conformance Standards
                                                                                     Standards
  Recognition     Product                                                 Publication
                                                Title of Standard                            Development
   Number       Area                                                Date
                                                                                       Organization

                                   Digital Imaging and Communications in
 12-300         Radiology                                               06/27/2016  NEMA
                              Medicine (DICOM) Set; PS 3.1 – 3.20

                              Medical Device Software –Software Life
 13-32           Software                                                 08/20/2012   AAMI, ANSI, IEC                              Cycle Processes; 62304:2006 (1st Edition)

                              Medical devices – Application of risk
                  Software/ 5-40                       management to medical devices; 14971        08/20/2012   ISO
                  Informatics
                            Second Edition 2007-03-01

Verification and Validation
Software Documentation for a Moderate Level of Concern software per FDA’s Guidance Document
“Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices” issued
on May 11, 2005, and “Off-The-Shelf Software Use in Medical Devices” is also included as part of this
submission. The performance data demonstrates continued conformance with special controls for medical
devices containing software. Non-clinical tests were conducted on the Subject Device AI-Rad Companion
(Cardiovascular) software version VA10 during product development.

The Risk analysis was completed, and risk control implemented to mitigate identified hazards. The testing
results support that all the software specifications have met the acceptance criteria. Testing for verification
and validation for the device was found acceptable to support the claims of substantial equivalence.

Bench testing in the form of Unit, Subsystem and System Integration testing were performed to evaluate the
performance and functionality of the new features and software updates. All testable requirements in the
Engineering Requirements Specifications keys, Subsystem Requirements Specifications keys, and the Risk
Management Hazard keys have been successfully verified and traced in accordance with the Siemens
product development (lifecycle) process. The software verification and regression testing have been
performed successfully to meet their previously determined acceptance criteria as stated in the test plans.
Electrical safety and EMC testing requirements are addressed as part of the host system (CT device or
PACS system) to ensure compliance with the application IEC standards.

Siemens conforms to the cybersecurity requirements by implementing a process of preventing unauthorized
access, modifications, misuse or denial of use, or the unauthorized use of information that is stored,
accessed or transferred from a medical device to an external recipient. Provided in this submission is a
cybersecurity statement that considers IEC 80001-1:2010. The responsibility for compliance with IEC
80001-1-2010 is the hospital.

Clinical Data Based Software Validation
To validate the AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) software from clinical perspective, the following
algorithms underwent a scientific evaluation:

·   Segmentation of heart
       The heart segmentation algorithm computes a segmentation mask of the heart for a given noncardiac chest CT data set. The output segmentation mask is then used to compute of the heart
       volume and to define a region of interest for the coronary calcium detection algorithm.
    ·   Detection of coronary calcium
       The algorithm detects calcifications in the coronary arteries for a given non-cardiac chest CT data
          set (without contrast, maximum slice thickness is 3 mm). The output is the total volume of the
         detected coronary calcium.
    ·   Segmentation of aorta
       The algorithm computes segmentation masks of the aorta for a given non-cardiac chest CT data
           set.
    ·   Detection of aortic landmarks
        Detection of anatomical landmarks (salient 3D points) is used to find out if and where a particular
         structure is located within the 3D image data. In particular the aortic landmarks are used to identify
         locations for diameter measurements.
    ·   Aorta diameter measurements
       Based on a segmented mask of the aorta and a series of detected aortic landmarks, the algorithm
        computes aortic landmarks according to guidelines of the American Heart Association (AHA)1
        provides the corresponding maximum aortic diameters.
    ·   Threshold-based categorization of diameter measurements
       The algorithm receives maximum aortic diameters at AHA-locations and applies the thresholds
        given in the AHA standard. The results are then labelled accordingly.

For each algorithm of AI-Rad Companion the analysis is structured as follows:

    ·   Algorithm Description: purpose, functionality, technical description
    ·   Data
         o   Training cohort: size and properties of data used for training
         o   Description of ground truth / annotations generation
         o   Validation cohort: size and properties of data used for testing/validation
    ·   Performance
         o   Choice of performance metric
         o   Actual performance results
         o   Assessment of clinical relevance of achieved performance
    ·   Related clinical research, e.g. publications (if applicable)

The  results  of  clinical  data-based  software  validation  for  the  subject  device AI-Rad Companion
(Cardiovascular) demonstrated equivalent performance in comparison to the primary predicate device. A
complete scientific evaluation report is provided in support of the device modifications.

The performance of the AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) device has been validated in retrospective
performance studies on non-cardiac chest CT data from multiple clinical sites across the United States.
With respect to the cardiac function, logarithmic correlation coefficient of total coronary calcium volume
between subject and predicate device was 0.96 (N=381). With respect to the aorta function the average
absolute error in aorta diameters was 1.6 mm (95% confidence interval: [1.5 mm, 1.7 mm]) across all nine
measurement locations and varied between 0.9 mm and 2.4 mm per location (N=193). Performance was
consistent for all critical subgroups, such as vendors or slice thickness.

Summary
AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) was tested and found to be safe and effective for intended users, uses
and use environments through the design control verification and validation process and clinical data-based
software validation. The Human Factor Usability Validation showed that Human factors are addressed in


1 LF Hiratzka, GL Bakris, JA Beckman, et al., "2010 ACCF/AHA/AATS/ACR/ASA/SCA/SCAI/SIR/STS/SVM guidelines for the
diagnosis and management of patients with thoracic aortic disease", Circulation. 2010; 121:e266-e369

the system test according to the operator’s manual and in clinical use tests with customer report and
feedback form. Customer employees are adequately trained in the use of this equipment.

VIII. General Safety and Effectiveness Concerns
The device labeling contains instructions for use as well as necessary cautions and warnings to provide for
safe and effective use of the device. Risk management is ensured via a system related Risk analysis, which
is used to identify potential hazards. These potential hazards are controlled during development, verification
and validation  testing according  to the Risk Management process. In order  to minimize  electrical,
mechanical, and radiation hazards, Siemens adheres to recognized and established industry practice and
standards.

IX. Conclusions
AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) has the same intended use as the predicate devices. The indication for
use has been modified to include a more succinct summary of device specific performance but is still within
the scope of the intended use and regulatory classification as the predicate devices. The fundamental
technological characteristics such as image visualization and image manipulation are the same as the
predicate device. The result of  all testing conducted was found acceptable to support the claim of
substantial equivalence. The predicate devices were cleared based on non-clinical supportive information
including bench testing and software validations. The results of these tests demonstrate that the predicate
devices are adequate for the intended use. The comparison of technological characteristics, non-clinical
performance data, and software validation demonstrates that the subject device is as safe and effective when
compared to the predicate device that is currently marketed for the same intended use. For the subject
device, AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular), Siemens used the same testing with the same workflows as
used to clear the predicate device to demonstrate safety and performance of the technical workflow. Clinical
applicability was demonstrated via software-data based validations that were derived in the same intended
environment as the predicate devices. Since both devices were tested using the same methods, Siemens
believes that the data generated from the AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) software testing supports a
finding of substantial equivalence