ClariPI Inc                                                        June 13, 2019.
℅ Mr. Carl Alletto
Consultant
OTech Inc.
8317 Belew Drive
MCKINNEY TX 75071

Re: K183460
    Trade/Device Name: ClariCT.AI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: May 3, 2019
    Received: May 7, 2019

Dear Mr. Alletto:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K183460 – Mr. Carl Alletto                                                             Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K183460

Device Name
ClariCT.AI


Indications for Use (Describe)
ClariCT.AI, is a software device intended for networking, communication, processing and enhancement of CT images in
DICOM format regardless of the manufacturer of CT scanner or model.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of as required by   K183460
section 807.92(c).

I.  SUBMITTER
        ClariPI Inc.
        3F, 70-15, Ihwajang-gil, Jongno-gu
        Seoul, Korea, Republic of [03088]
         Tel: +82-2-741-3014
       Fax: +82-2-743-3014
        Email: claripi@claripi.com

       Contact person: Ms. Hyun-Sook Park, CEO
       Date Prepared: May 3, 2019

II.  DEVICE
     Name of Device: ClariCT.AI
     Common or Usual Name: Picture, archive and communications system
         Classification Name: System, Image Processing, Radiological (21 CFR 892.2050)
       Regulatory Class: II
       Product Code: LLZ

III. PREDICATE DEVICE
        This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.
      The ClariCT.AI software device is substantially equivalent to K160852:

             Device Classification Name system, image processing, radiological

              510(k) Number           K160852

             Device Name               Zia

              Applicant                   Zetta Medical Technologies, LLC.
                                   1313 Ensell Road
                                   Lake Zurich, IL 60047

              Regulation Number        892.2050

                Classification Product Code LLZ

            Date Received            03/28/2016

              Decision Date             12/15/2016

            510k Review Panel        Radiology


IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

        ClariCT.AI software is intended for denoise processing and enhancement of CT DICOM images
      when higher image quality and/or lower dose acquisitions are desired. ClariCT.AI software can be
       used to reduce noises in CT images of the head, chest, heart, and abdomen, in particular in CT
       images with a lower radiation dose. ClariCT.AI may also improve the image quality of low-dose nondiagnostic Filtered Back Projection images as well as Iterative Reconstruction images.

      The system enables the receipt of DICOM images from CT imaging devices (modalities), enables
         their denoise processing and enhancement, and transmission to a PACS workstation.


K183460                                                                              1

510(k) Summary


V. INDICATIONS FOR USE
        ClariCT.AI, is a software device intended for networking, communication, processing and
       enhancement of CT images in DICOM format regardless of the manufacturer of CT scanner
        or model.

VI. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE TABLE
      The subject device (ClariCT.AI) is substantially equivalent to the predicate device
       (K160852, ZIA) which is also used for noise reduction and enhancement of CT images.

      The following information compares the subject device to the predicate. The difference
          lies in noise reduction method where ClariCT.AI, the subject device uses pre-trained
       deep learning models whereas the predicate device uses regularization process at flat
        regions with data fidelity constraints at edges. It has no effect on the safety or efficacy of
        the subject device and does not raise any potential safety risks, and the subject device is
         identical in performance to the legally marketed device.

                                                                      Predicate- ZIA
                Item          Subject Device – ClariCT.AI
                                                                   (K160852)
         Intended Use           ClariCT.AI is intended for      ZIA image enhancement system is
                                networking, communication,    an image processing software that
                               processing and enhancement  can be used for reducing noise in
                                    of CT images in DICOM      CT images. Enhanced images will
                                  format.                    be uploaded back to host/PACS
                                                        systems and exist in conjunction to
                                                                the original images. ZIA, is not
                                                             intended for mammography
                                                                     applications. The device processing
                                                                                  is not effective for lesion, mass or
                                                                abnormalities of sizes less than 2.0
                                             mm.
         Intended User          Radiologists and Specialists    Radiologists and Specialists
         Modality Support     CT                    CT
        Noise Reduction       Noise reduction is performed    Regularization process at flat
        Method                 with the use of pre-trained      regions with data fidelity constraints
                           deep learning models.           at edges.
       Image Format and    DICOM                 DICOM
        communications
       Components and     Window Operating System,    Window Operating System,
        Hardware         PC Hardware, CUDA       PC Hardware, CUDA supported
         requirement           supported graphics card or     graphics card or equivalent.
                                  equivalent.


VII. PERFORMANCE DATA
    Non-clinical performance testing has been performed on ClariCT.AI, (the subject device) and
    demonstrates compliance with the following International and FDA-recognized consensus
    standards and FDA guidance document:
    •  ISO 14971Medical devices – Application of risk management to medical devices
    •  NEMA-PS 3.1- PS 3.20 Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)


K183460                                                                              2

510(k) Summary


    •   Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical
       Devices issued May 11, 2005.
    •   Design Considerations and Pre-market Submission Recommendations for Interoperable
       Medical Devices issued September 6, 2017.
    •  The subject device, was tested in accordance with the internal Verification and Validation
       processes of ClariPI Inc.. Verification and Validation tests have been performed to
       address intended use, the technological characteristics claims, requirement
         specifications, and the risk management results.ClariCT.AI has been validated using:
         o  The use of ACR CT Accreditation Phantom
         o  A variety of clinical processed data:
                ▪   Paired datasets of low and high doses for the same patients
                ▪   IR & FBP datasets
                ▪   Datasets for subgroup analysis of datasets with various genders, ages, body
                    weights, races, and ethnicities
                ▪   Datasets with varying scan conditions using scanners from different vendors
                       for different organs

   The test results in this 510(k), demonstrate that ClariCT.AI:
    •   complies with the aforementioned international and FDA-recognized consensus
       standards and
    •  FDA guidance document, and
    •  Meets the acceptance criteria and is adequate for its intended use.

    Therefore, ClariCT.AI, is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed predicate device,
     in terms of safety and effectiveness.


    Clinical Testing:
    ClariCT.AI does not require clinical studies to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the
    predicate device.


VIII CONCLUSIONS
    Verification and Validation activities required to establish the safety and effectiveness of
    ClarCT.AI, were performed. Testing involved system level tests, performance tests, and
    safety testing from risk analysis. Testing performed, demonstrated the subject device meets
    pre-defined functionality requirements.

   The subject device and predicate device are substantially equivalent in the areas of technical
    characteristics, general function, application, and intended use. Test results with the phantom
    data and clinical processed dataset demonstrate that the subject device is as safe and
    effective and therefore substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


K183460                                                                              3