Edwards Lifeciences, LLC
Lisa Gilman
Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs
One Edwards Way
Irvine, California 92614

Re: K183646
    Trade/Device Name: Acumen Hypotension Prediction Index
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2210
    Regulation Name: Adjunctive Predictive Cardiovascular Indicator
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAQ
    Dated: May 16, 2019
    Received: May 17, 2019

Dear Lisa Gilman:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K183646 - Lisa Gilman                                                                Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good
manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820)
for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if
applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-
1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and
Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website
(http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone
(1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                      Matthew Hillebrenner
                                               Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology, Diagnostics
                                           and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K183646

Device Name
Acumen Hypotension Prediction Index


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Edwards Lifesciences Acumen Hypotension Prediction Index feature provides the clinician with physiological insight
into a patient’s likelihood of future hypotensive events (defined as mean arterial pressure < 65 mmHg for at least one
minute in duration) and the associated hemodynamics. The Acumen HPI feature is intended for use in surgical or nonsurgical patients receiving advanced hemodynamic monitoring. The Acumen HPI feature is considered to be additional
quantitative information regarding the patient’s physiological condition for reference only and no therapeutic decisions
should be made based solely on the Hypotension Prediction Index (HPI) parameter.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

SECTION 5 – 510(k) SUMMARY

                Acumen™ Hypotension Prediction Index
 510(k)
                Edwards Lifesciences, LLC
 Submitter
 Contact
                  Lisa Gilman
 Person
 Date Prepared  May 17, 2019
 Trade Name   Acumen™ Hypotension Prediction Index
 Common
                  Adjunctive Predictive Cardiovascular Indicator
 Name
 Classification
                  Adjunctive Predictive Cardiovascular Indicator
 Name
 Regulation
                21 CFR 870.2210/Class II/QAQ
 Class / Product
 Code
 Predicate
              Acumen Hypotension Prediction Index, DEN160044
 Device(s)
               The Acumen Hypotension Prediction Index Feature (DEN160044) consists
                   of software running on the Edwards Lifesciences EV1000 Clinical Platform
               (DEN160044) and HemoSphere Advanced Monitoring Platform (K180881)
                   paired with the FloTrac IQ or Acumen IQ extravascular blood pressure
                   transducer (K152980) and a radial arterial catheter. The software includes
                    the Acumen Hypotension Prediction Index (HPI), the Dynamic Arterial
                   Elastance Parameter (Eadyn), the Systolic Slope Parameter (dP/dt), and
 Device            additional graphical user interface features.
 Description
               The Acumen Hypotension Prediction Index is an index related to the
                    likelihood of a patient experiencing a hypotensive event (defined as mean
                      arterial pressure (MAP) < 65 mmHg for one minute in duration) within 15
                   minutes, where zero (0) indicates low likelihood and one hundred (100)
                    indicates high likelihood. The Acumen Hypotension Prediction Index, HPI,
                  should not be used exclusively to treat patients. A review of the patient’s
                hemodynamics is recommended prior to initiating treatment.


Edwards Lifesciences                                                          K183646 - Page 1 of 2

The Edwards Lifesciences Acumen Hypotension Prediction Index feature
                  provides the clinician with physiological insight into a patient’s likelihood
                   of future hypotensive events (defined as mean arterial pressure < 65 mmHg
                    for at least one minute in duration) and the associated hemodynamics. The
 Indications for
              Acumen HPI feature is intended for use in surgical or non-surgical patients
 Use/Intended
                   receiving advanced hemodynamic monitoring. The Acumen HPI feature is
 Use
                  considered to be additional quantitative information regarding the patient’s
                   physiological condition for reference only and no therapeutic decisions
                  should be made based solely on the Hypotension Prediction Index (HPI)
                   parameter.

               The Acumen™ Hypotension Prediction Index Feature Software
                (DEN160044, granted March 16, 2018)


                  Modifications
                    •  The labeling of the EV1000A Clinical Platform and the
                     HemoSphere Advanced Monitoring Platform has been modified to
                       expand the indications for use from surgical [operating room (OR)] Comparison to
                            patients to surgical or non-surgical patients. Predicate
 Device
                    •  The graphical user interface of the EV1000A Clinical Platform and
                           the HemoSphere Advanced Monitoring Platform has been modified
                            to define:
                        •  dP/dt parameter as systolic slope; and,
                        •   Eadyn parameter as dynamic arterial elastance.

                    •  There are no modifications to the hardware of the monitoring
                           platforms.
                   Clinical Performance
 Performance     Clinical performance data were provided to demonstrate substantial
 Data            equivalence of use of the Acumen™ Hypotension Prediction Index
                   software.
                 Overall Conclusion
               The clinical performance data demonstrate that the Acumen™ Hypotension
 Conclusion
                   Prediction Index software used in non-surgical patients is substantially
                   equivalent to use in surgical patients.


Edwards Lifesciences                                                       K183646 -Page 2 of 2