GE Medical Systems SCS                                                      April 8, 2019
  Ms. Elizabeth Mathew
Senior Regulatory Affairs Manager
283 rue de la Miniere
Buc, 78530
FRANCE

Re: K183204
    Trade/Device Name: Bone VCAR (BVCAR)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed tomography x-ray system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK, LLZ
    Dated: March 18, 2019
    Received: March 19, 2019

Dear Elizabeth Mathew:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 3 . 0 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K183204  Ms. Elizabeth Mathew                                                        Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good
manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820)
for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if
applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-
1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and
Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website
(http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone
(1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                              Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                          and Radiological Health
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K183204

Device Name

Bone VCAR


Indications for Use (Describe)


Bone VCAR is a post processing application for use in the analysis of CT images. The software is intended to support
clinicians in the review of images that include the spine by providing tools to label the spine and optimize the display of
anatomy within the CT image.

Bone VCAR is designed to support the clinician in visualization of the spine, by providing initial identification of
vertebrae to assist in report dictation.

The software also assists the user by providing optimized display settings for easier identification of anatomy to facilitate
fast image review and reporting of findings. Bone VCAR may be used for multiple care areas and is not specific to any
disease state. It can be utilized during the review of various types of exams including trauma, oncology, and routine body.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

GE Healthcare
                                          510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

                                   510(k) Summary                      K183204

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:

              Date:  April 8, 2019
         Submitter: GE Medical Systems SCS
                     Establishment Registration Number - 9611343
                  283 rue de la Miniere
                  78530 Buc, France

   Primary Contact  Elizabeth Mathew
            Person:  Senior Regulatory Affairs Manager
                    Phone: (262) 424-7774
                    Email: Elizabeth.Mathew@ge.com

 Secondary Contact  Helen Peng
            Person:  Regulatory Affairs Director
              GE Healthcare, (GE Medical Systems, LLC)
                  3000 N Grandview Blvd.,
                   Waukesha, WI - 53188
                    Phone: 262-424-8222
                    Email: Hong.Peng@ge.com

  Proposed Device:
Device Name:      Bone VCAR
Common/Usual    BVCAR
Name:
Primary Regulation  21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system
number:
Primary Product
Code:           JAK

Secondary Product  LLZ
Code:

Classification:        Class II


                                        Page - 1 -

GE Healthcare
                                          510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


  Predicate Device:
     Device Name:  Syngo.CT Bone Reading
    510(k) number:  K123584 cleared on May 12, 2013
Regulation number/  21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system /
     Product Code:               JAK
      Classification:  Class II
     Manufacturer:  Siemens Medical Solutions, USA

Device Description/
      Technology:  Bone VCAR is a software analysis package utilizing a deep learning technique
                        that assists in the analysis and visualization of CT data. It is intended to provide
                        clinicians with an optimized display and quick access to tools that improve the
                     reading experience and efficiency for anatomy. Bone VCAR is a post processing
                      application option for the Advantage Workstation (AW) platform, CT Scanner,
                  Cloud or PACS stations which can be used in the analysis of CT images.

                 Bone VCAR is designed to support the clinician in easy visualization of spine and
                       to provide identification of those structures to assist in report dictation. This post
                     processing solution combines the following tools and functionality:
                          • Multiplanar Reconstruction (MPR) displays of axial, sagittal, coronal, oblique,
                      x-section and curved views which can be displayed in thin/thick, Average,
               Maximum Intensity Projection (MIP), Minimum intensity Projection (MinIP),
                 Volume Rendering (VR) modes
                          • Display of anatomical labels automatically with editing capability of all labels
                    such as the spine.
                          • Display of curved views automatically and editing capability of curved views
                    through anatomical regions such as the spine for enhanced display options
                          • Access to all standard volume viewer tools for measuring distances, areas,
                    Hounsfield unit values and annotating within the images
                          • Synchronization of views when multiple series are loaded with spine labeling
                       for all series loaded.
                  The software will assist the user by providing optimized display settings to
                     enable fast review of the images along with easy identification of anatomy to ease
                      reporting of findings. Bone VCAR may be used for multiple care areas and is not
                       specific to any disease state. It can be utilized during the review of various types
                      of exams including trauma, oncology, and routine body.
                 Bone VCAR is compatible with both single energy and Gemstone Spectral
                   Imaging (GSI) acquisition methods.

                                        Page - 2 -

GE Healthcare
                                          510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


                  The labeling tool can be activated and deactivated by the user at any time during
                      the image review. Multiple volumes of data can be processed with the Bone
             VCAR tool at the same time. Volumes can be from the same or different exams.
                     All labels can be moved, edited, hidden or deleted.
                  The dedicated display layout should assist in easy review of the anatomy. Users
                   have the flexibility for using all or a subset of the features within this application
                      as they find suitable.

   Intended Use:
                 Bone VCAR is a non-invasive image analysis software package which may be
                    used in conjunction with CT images to aid in the assessment and reporting
                       efficiency of images that include the spine.


 Indication for Use:                 Bone VCAR is a post processing application for use in the analysis of CT images.
                  The software is intended to support clinicians in the review of images that include
                      the spine by providing tools to label the spine and optimize the display of
                  anatomy within the CT image.
                 Bone VCAR is designed to support the clinician in visualization of the spine, by
                     providing initial identification of vertebrae to assist in report dictation.
                  The software also assists the user by providing optimized display settings for
                       easier identification of anatomy to facilitate fast image review and reporting of
                       findings. Bone VCAR may be used for multiple care areas and is not specific to
                   any disease state.  It can be utilized during the review of various types of exams
                      including trauma, oncology, and routine body.


Technological
Characteristic:      The goal of the Bone VCAR software algorithm is to extract from a CT scan the
                       positions and labels of the patient vertebrae in the image. The algorithm takes as
                      input a CT scan acquisition and is compatible with a wide range of acquisitions
                       for dedicated spine work, trauma, oncology and routine exam. Bone VCAR
                    automated vertebra detection algorithm returns the list of detected vertebrae
                       position in 3D coordinates and associated labels.

Comparison:
                  The table below summarizes the feature/technological comparison between the
                      predicate device and the proposed device:


                                        Page - 3 -

GE Healthcare
                                        510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

                     Specification    Syngo CT Bone Reading    Proposed Device:
                                 (K123584)              Bone VCAR
                   Spine Labeling   Automated labeling with     Automated labeling with
                  Tool            manual editing capability    manual editing capability


                    Display of       Yes                    Yes
                   curved spine
                      structures
                  Measurement     geometric    measurement  Access to all standard
                  Tool               tools     (distance      line,  Volume Viewer tools for
                                          polyline,  marker,  arrow,  measuring distances, areas,
                                          angle), HU  measurement  Hounsfield unit values and
                                          tools   (Pixel   lens,  ROI  annotating within the images
                                               circle, ROI polygonal, ROI
                                       freehand, VOl sphere)
                 Image Display    Multiplanar reconstruction    Multiplanar Reconstruction
                    formats        (MPR) thin/thick,         (MPR) displays of axial,
                            maximum intensity             sagittal, coronal, oblique, xprojection (MIP) thin/thick,   section and curved views
                                        inverted MIP thin/thick,     which can be displayed in
                                 volume rendering technique   thin/thick, Average,
                               (VRT)                Maximum Intensity
                                                                      Projection (MIP), Minimum
                                                                           intensity Projection (MinIP),
                                                     Volume Rendering (VR)
                                                            modes.


Determination of
      Substantial
    Equivalence:
                  Engineering has validated Bone VCAR algorithm’s capability of using deep
                   learning technique to automatically label spine using a dataset of CT exams. This
                  database of exams is considered as a representative of the clinical scenarios where
               Bone VCAR is intended to be used, with consideration of acquisition parameters,
                image quality, pathologies and anatomy variations. The result of the algorithm
                    validation provided a success  rate  greater than 90%  for  the  capability  of
                   automatically labeling the spine.

           A representative set of clinical sample images was assessed by three board
                     certified radiologists using 5-point Likert scale. The assessment demonstrated that
                   the capability of automatic labeling of spine by Bone VCAR is faster than

                                     Page - 4 -

GE Healthcare
                                    510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

             manually labeling and it also increases reading and reporting efficiency whilst
             providing accurate identification of vertebra.

           Bone VCAR has successfully completed the required design control testing per
           GE’s quality system. Bone VCAR was designed and will be manufactured under
              the Quality System Regulations of 21CFR 820 and ISO 13485. The following
               quality assurance measures have been applied to the development of the device:

                    •      Risk Analysis
                    •      Requirements Reviews
                    •      Design Reviews
                    •      Performance testing (Verification, Validation)
                    •       Safety testing (Verification)

           The substantial equivalence was also based on software documentation for a
             "Moderate" level of concern device.

Conclusion:
         GE Healthcare considers Bone VCAR to be as safe, as effective, and performance
                 is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                 Page - 5 -