August 15, 2019


Biofourmis Singapore Pte. Ltd
℅ Rakesh Lal
Consultant
Rakesh Lal
7 Courtyard Pl
Lexington, Massachusetts 02420

Re: K183282
    Trade/Device Name:  Biovitals Analytics Engine
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2300
    Regulation Name: Cardiac Monitor (Including Cardiotachometer And Rate Alarm)
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: PLB
    Dated: July 18, 2019
    Received: July 19, 2019

Dear Rakesh Lal:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K183282 - Rakesh Lal                                                                 Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                    Stephen C. Browning -S5

                                          Stephen Browning
                                           Acting Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology, Diagnostics
                                           and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K183282
Device Name
Biovitals Analytics Engine
Indications for Use (Describe)
The Biovitals Analytic Engine (BA Engine) is intended to be used with continuous biometric data from already cleared
sensors measuring heart rate, respiratory rate, and activity in ambulatory patients being monitored in a healthcare facility
or at home, during periods of minimal activity. The device learns the correlation between multiple vital signs during the
patient’s daily activity and builds an individualized biometric signature which is dynamically updated based on incoming
data. The device computes a time series Biovitals Index (BI), which reflects changes in the patient’s measured vital signs
from their measured baseline, which is derived from the individualized biometric signature of the patient.
The BA Engine is a cloud-based software engine, intended to be an adjunct to and is not intended to replace vital signs
monitoring. The BI is intended for daily intermittent, retrospective review by a qualified practitioner. The BA Engine is
intended to provide additional information for use during routine patient monitoring. The BI is not intended for making
clinical decisions regarding patient treatment or for diagnostic purposes.
The device is intended for an adult population.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

Premarket Notification 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the
requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

Applicant Information:
Date Prepared:              July 16, 2019
Name:                     Biofourmis Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Address:                   Vision Exchange, #07-15
                        2 Venture Drive
                           Singapore 608526

Contact Person:            Rakesh M. Lal, Consultant
                          rakesh.m.lal@gmail.com
Phone:                     (817) 734-8303

Device Information:
Trade Name:                 Biovitals Analytics Engine
Common Names:       BA Engine
Classification Name(s):      Cardiovascular
Product Code/ Regulation:   PLB/21 CFR 870.2300
Classification:              Class II

Predicate Device:
   •  PhysIQ PPA Engine – K142512

Device Description:
Biovitals Analytics Engine consists of:
   •  An automated proprietary algorithm to analyze data and generate Biovitals Index.
   • A cloud-based database to store the input, intermedium output and the final output
   • A web application programming interface (API) which handle the continuous physiology
        data.
   • A web application programming interface (API) query the databases and get output.
   • A web dashboard to render the BA Engine output in a continuous graph format, which can
       help intended users to monitor a patient’s Biovitals Index.


Biovitals Analytics Engine works in the following sequence:
   •  Accept input data via secure API;
   •  Analyze the input data using Biovitals Analytics Engine proprietary algorithm, which
       generate Biovitals Index:


K183282                                                                Page 1 of 7

o  Personal physiology signature data base initialization (at the early stage on the
              algorithm when the engine learns the patients and builds the personal baseline)
       o  Biovitals Index calculation
   •   Biovitals Analytics engine generates the Biovitals Index which is a time series scalar
       value from 0 to 1.
   •  The output of BA Engine is stored in a cloud-based database.
   •  The output API queries the databases and gets the output, and the output shall be
       reviewed by the qualified practitioner via a dashboard.


Interpretation of Biovitals Index:
The BA Engine computes a time series Biovitals Index (BI), which reflects changes in the patient’s
measured vital signs from their measured baseline, which is derived from the individualized
biometric signature of the patient. The BI is displayed in 30-minute segments and ranges from 0
to 1. The BI is intended for daily intermittent, retrospective review by a qualified practitioner.
A BI closer to 0 indicates that the relationships among the patient’s vital signs are similar to the
baseline. A BI value closer to 1 indicates that the relationships among the patient’s vital signs are
different from the baseline. The baseline is initially established using data from the first 24 hours
and updated periodically as new data is received. The initial baseline comprises 3 to 13 hours of
data and the updated baseline usually comprises the last 9 to 45 hours of data with low change in
the relationship among the vital signs, depending on the monitoring duration.
To aid in understanding the magnitude of changes in the relationship among the patient’s vital
signs as compared to the baseline, the BI is divided into three categories. A BI less than or equal
to 0.3 indicates that there has been little or no change in the relationship among the patient’s vital
signs as compared to baseline. A BI value greater than 0.3 and less than or equal to 0.7 reflects
moderate change, and a BI value greater than 0.7 reflects significant change in the relationship
among the patient’s vital signs as compared to baseline.
The expected within-subject variability for each of the three ranges of the BI are shown in the table
below.


             BI Category           Expected within-subject variability

       Low (BI ≤ 0.3)                               0.11

          Moderate  (0.3 < BI ≤                      0.27
           0.7)

           Significant (BI > 0.7)                         0.17


The expected within-subject variability was computed using data from a clinical study involving
50 emergency department patients that were deemed appropriate for home monitoring.


K183282                                                                Page 2 of 7

Indications for Use:
The Biovitals Analytic Engine (BA Engine) is intended to be used with continuous biometric data
from already cleared sensors measuring heart rate, respiratory rate, and activity in ambulatory
patients being monitored in a healthcare facility or at home, during periods of minimal activity.
The device learns the correlation between multiple vital signs during the patient’s daily activity
and builds an individualized biometric signature which is dynamically updated based on incoming
data. The device computes a time series Biovitals Index (BI), which reflects changes in the
patient’s measured  vital  signs from  their measured  baseline, which  is derived from  the
individualized biometric signature of the patient.
The BA Engine is a cloud-based software engine, intended to be an adjunct to and is not intended
to replace vital signs monitoring. The BI is intended for daily intermittent, retrospective review by
a qualified practitioner. The BA Engine is intended to provide additional information for use
during routine patient monitoring. The BI is not intended for making clinical decisions regarding
patient treatment or for diagnostic purposes.
The device is intended for an adult population.


Summary Comparison to Predicate:
The following tables provide a summary of substantial equivalence between the subject device and
the cited predicate. The subject device has the same intended use and substantially equivalent
characteristics that do not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness.

Comparison to Predicate Device:
The following table provides a comparison of the detection features of Biovitals Analytics
Engine and the predicate device:


                    Biofourmis          PhysIQ
    Features                                          Comparison
                   Biovitals Analytics    PPA Engine
                     Engine           (K142512)

 General Characteristics

 Classification     Class II, 21 CFR 870.2300   Class II, 21 CFR 870.2300   Equivalent

 Product Code   PLB                 PLB                       Equivalent

                          Patient Monitor (without     Patient Monitor (without
 Intended Use                                                            Equivalent                        alarms)                     alarms)

                    The Biovitals Analytic     The Personalized            Equivalent – both devices
                      Engine (BA Engine) is      Physiology Engine (PPA     are intended to provide an
 Indications for   intended to be used with     Engine) is intended to be    index to a physician based
 Use                 continuous biometric data   used with data from         a patient’s on vital signs,
                     from already cleared         already cleared sensors       to provide additional
                        sensors measuring heart     measuring physiological     information during routine

K183282                                                                Page 3 of 7

Biofourmis          PhysIQ
    Features                                          Comparison
                   Biovitals Analytics    PPA Engine
                     Engine           (K142512)

                             rate, respiratory rate, and     parameters, including        patient monitoring.
                           activity in ambulatory        heart rate, respiratory rate,   Neither device is intended
                          patients being monitored    and activity in ambulatory    to replace vital signs
                          in a healthcare facility or     patients being monitored     monitoring, nor is either
                            at home, during periods of    in a healthcare facility or     device intended to provide
                     minimal activity. The         at home. The device         a diagnosis to the
                       device learns the            provides a time series        physician.
                          correlation between          Multivariate Change Index
                        multiple vital signs during   (MCI) which indicates
                         the patient’s daily activity   whether the relationships
                     and builds an            among the patient’s
                         individualized biometric     monitored vital signs
                         signature which is          change from those
                       dynamically updated        measured at baseline,
                      based on incoming data.     which has been derived
                    The device computes a      from measurements
                       time series Biovitals Index   previously obtained during
                          (BI), which reflects          routine activities of daily
                      changes in the patient’s       living. The MCI is based
                     measured vital signs from   on an integrated
                            their measured baseline,     computation evaluating
                     which is derived from the    changes in the parameters
                         individualized biometric     and their relationships to
                         signature of the patient.      each other.

                                           The PPA Engine is an
                                                     adjunct to and is not
                    The BA Engine is a cloudintended to replace vital
                      based software engine,
                                                      signs monitoring. The
                        intended to be an adjunct
                                   MCI is intended for daily
                          to and is not intended to
                                                           intermittent, retrospective
                         replace vital signs
                                                 review by a qualified
                        monitoring. The BI is                                                           practitioner. The PPA
                        intended for daily
                                               Engine is intended to
                           intermittent, retrospective
                                                   provide additional
                      review by a qualified
                                                    information for use during
                           practitioner. The BA
                                                       routine patient monitoring.
                      Engine is intended to
                                           The MCI is not intended
                       provide additional                                                         for making clinical
                        information for use during
                                                      decisions regarding patient
                         routine patient monitoring.
                                                     treatment or for diagnostic
                    The BI is not intended for
                                                    purposes.
                    making clinical decisions
                        regarding patient treatment
                        or for diagnostic purposes.

                    The device is intended for
                      an adult population.


K183282                                                                Page 4 of 7

Biofourmis          PhysIQ
    Features                                          Comparison
                   Biovitals Analytics    PPA Engine
                     Engine           (K142512)

 Patient
                     Ambulatory | Non-         Ambulatory | NonPopulation &                                                            Equivalent                          pediatric                      pediatric
 Environment

 Technological Characteristics

                                                                               Equivalent – the only
                                                                                     differences arise with
                                                                                regard to the specific
                                                                            implementation (software
                      Cloud-based Software
 Components                                Software only                 architecture, programming                       only
                                                                                languages, etc.). These
                                                                       minor differences do not
                                                                                          raise new questions of
                                                                                      safety and effectiveness.

                                                                               Equivalent – while the
                                                                                        specific combination of
 Index               Non-linear combination of   Non-linear combination of   the index may be different,
                                                                                    the general approach,
 Produced            vital parameters                vital parameters           meaning of the index and
                                                                             use of baseline
                                                                                information are the same.

                      Index represents how
                           different the relationships
                                                 Index represents how
                   among the patient’s vital
                                                          different the relationships
                         signs are with respect to
                                         among the patient’s vital
                         normality.
                                                      signs are with respect to
              A BI less than or equal to    normality.                  Equivalent – the devices
                        0.3 indicates that there has                            have a different
                                    An MCI value closer to       interpretation of the index                     been little or no change in
                                                   zero (0) indicates that the     specific to its software                         the relationship among the
                                                 monitored relationships      implementation, but the                           patient’s vital signs as Index Meaning                                         among the vital signs are     interpretation is                     compared to baseline. A
                                                        similar to the learned        conceptually similar, and                    BI value greater than 0.3
                                                         baseline. An MCI value       this difference does not                     and less than or equal to
                                                        closer to one (1) indicates    raise new questions of                        0.7 reflects moderate
                                                           that the patient’s             safety and effectiveness.                       change, and a BI value
                                                 monitored relationships
                          greater than 0.7 reflects
                                         among the vital signs are
                          significant change in the
                                                          likely to be different from
                          relationship among the
                                                       the learned baseline.
                           patient’s vital signs as
                     compared to baseline.

                      Normality is defined as the                              Equivalent – the subject Index
                           patient’s own baseline.      Normality is defined as the   device’s baseline is
 Algorithm       The baseline is initially       patient’s own baseline        periodically updated but
 Normality          established using data                                                   still reflects the same
                     from the first 24 hours and                                  relationship among vital

K183282                                                                Page 5 of 7

Biofourmis          PhysIQ
    Features                                          Comparison
                   Biovitals Analytics    PPA Engine
                     Engine           (K142512)

                      updated periodically as                                    signs as initially
                  new data is received.                                       established in the first 24
                                                                                   hours. This difference does
                                                                                not raise new questions of
                                                                                      safety and effectiveness.

                                                                               Equivalent – specific
                                                                                     differences in the user
                        Single numeric value of      Single numeric value of
                                                                                        interface do not raise
                             latest index                     latest index
 Index Display                                                                    different questions of                                                                                      safety and effectiveness.
                     Trend graphs              Trend graphs

                                                Table
                                                                               Equivalent – the subject
                                                                              device enables use of data
                                                                               captured directly from
                                                   FDA cleared patient
                                                                                 monitors. The predicate
                                                                              device also uses data from
 Vital Signs     FDA cleared Patient          Clinical Information      FDA cleared devices but
                      Monitors and Clinical                                     obtains the data through
 Data Source      Information Systems        Systems                      integration with Clinical
                                                                               Information Systems.
                                                                             Since the actual sensor
                                                                                  data is the same, this
                                                                                    difference does not raise
                                                             new questions of safety
                                                                       and effectiveness.

 Alarm System   No                  No                         Equivalent


Summary of Performance Testing
Tests have been performed in compliance with the appropriate recognized consensus standards.
Testing described in this 510(k) consisted of verification of all design input requirements and
product specifications. No residual anomalies appeared during verification and software validation
tests. General usability tests, analyzing the users’ ability to login, upload, review and download
were performed and met  all requirements. All software validation  testing was completed
successfully and met all requirements.


Summary of Clinical Testing
Clinical testing was performed with the BA Engine to evaluate the performance of the Biovitals
Index. The testing was performed on a total of 50 subjects presenting at an Emergency Department,

K183282                                                                Page 6 of 7

who were deemed appropriate for home monitoring, and compared the performance of the BI
against a panel of three physicians evaluating the changes in the relationship among the patients’
vital sign parameters. The testing showed that the BI was correlated to the changes in relationship
among vital sign parameters, with a lower bound of the 95% confidence interval of the positive
percent agreement (PPA) greater than 0.7.


Software
Biofourmis followed IEC 62304:2015 and the FDA Guidance Document, “General Principles of
Software Validation; Final Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff” (January, 2002) with respect to
software development and validation. The Biofourmis software is classified as a “moderate level
of concern” per the FDA guidance document.


Verification and validation testing were completed in compliance with the following
standards and guidance documents:
   •  AAMI ANSI IEC 62304:2015, Medical device software – Software life cycle processes
   •  General Principles of Software Validation; Final Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff”
       (January 2002)
   •  IEC 62366-1 Edition 1.0 2015-02 - Medical devices - Application of usability engineering
        to medical devices


Conclusion

Based upon the intended use, product technical information, clinical and non-clinical testing and
standards compliance provided in this premarket notification, Biovitals Analytics Engine has been
shown to be substantially equivalent to the legally-marketed predicate.


K183282                                                                Page 7 of 7