GE Medical Systems, LLC.                                             April 12, 2019
  Lee Bush
Regulatory Affairs Manager
3000 N. Grandview Blvd.
WAUKESHA WI 53188

Re: K183202
    Trade/Device Name: Deep Learning Image Reconstruction
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed tomography x-ray system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: March 14, 2019
    Received: March 15, 2019

Dear Lee Bush:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 3 . 0 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K183202 - Lee Bush                                                                   Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good
manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820)
for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if
applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-
1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and
Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website
(http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone
(1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                              Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                          and Radiological Health
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K183202

Device Name
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Deep Learning Image Reconstruction option is a deep learning based reconstruction method intended to produce
cross-sectional images of the head and whole body by computer reconstruction of X-ray transmission data taken at
different angles and planes, including Axial, Helical (Volumetric), and Cardiac acquisitions, for all ages.

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction can be used for head, whole body, cardiac, and vascular CT applications.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction

            510(k) SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVNESS   K183202

This 510(k) summary of Safety and Effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with
the requirement of 21 CFR Part 807.87(h):


  Date:                November 16, 2018

  Submitter:           GE Medical Systems, LLC

                       3000 North Grandview Blvd
                       Waukesha, WI 53188


  Primary Contact:        Lee Bush
                           Regulatory Affairs Manager
                      Phone 262-309-9429
                            Email: Lee.Bush@ge.com


  Secondary Contacts:     John Jaeckle
                            Chief Regulatory Affairs Engineer
                     GE Healthcare
                               Tel: 262-424-9547
                            Email: john.jaeckle@ge.com

  Device Trade Name:    Deep Learning Image Reconstruction

  Device Classification      Class II

  Regulation Number/    21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
  Product Code:

  Primary Predicate Device Information

  Device Name:           ASiR-V

  Manufacturer:        GE Medical System SCS (d.b.a GE Healthcare)

  510(k) Number:        K133640 cleared on March 25, 2014

  Regulation Number/    21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
  Product Code:

  Secondary Predicate Device Information

  Device Name:           Revolution CT

  Manufacturer:        GE Medical System SCS (d.b.a GE Healthcare)

  510(k) Number:        K163213 cleared on December 16, 2016

  Regulation Number/    21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
  Product Code:

                               Page 1

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction


Device Description

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction is an image reconstruction method that uses a dedicated
Deep Neural Network (DNN) that has been designed and trained specifically to generate CT
Images to give an image appearance, as shown on axial NPS plots, similar to traditional FBP
images while maintaining the performance of ASiR‐V in the following areas: image noise (pixel
standard deviation), low contrast detectability, high‐contrast spatial resolution, and streak
artifact suppression.

The images produced are branded as “TrueFidelityTM CT Images”. Reconstruction times with
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction support a normal throughput for routine CT.

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction was trained specifically on the Revolution CT family of
systems (K163213, K133705). The deep learning technology is integrated into the scanner’s
existing raw data-based image reconstruction chain to produce DICOM compatible
“TrueFidelityTM CT Images”.

The system allows user selection of three strengths of Deep Learning Image Recon: Low,
Medium or High. The strength selection will vary with individual users’ preferences and
experience for the specific clinical need.

As compared to the primary predicate device, the intended use of Deep Learning Image
Reconstruction does not change (head and whole body CT image reconstruction). Both
algorithms are designed to produce cross-sectional images of the head and body by computer
reconstruction of X-ray transmission data taken at different angles and planes, including Axial,
Helical (Volumetric), and Cardiac acquisitions for all ages.

Intended Use

The Deep Learning Image Reconstruction option is intended for head, whole body, cardiac, and
vascular CT scans.

Indications for Use

The Deep Learning Image Reconstruction option is a deep learning based reconstruction method
intended to produce cross-sectional images of the head and whole body by computer
reconstruction of X-ray transmission data taken at different angles and planes, including Axial,
Helical (Volumetric), and Cardiac acquisitions, for all ages.

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction can be used for head, whole body, cardiac, and vascular CT
applications.

Comparisons

The GE Deep Learning Image Reconstruction option is substantially equivalent to existing
reconstruction options including the primary predicate device, ASiR-V reconstruction option.
Because both reconstruction options (Deep Learning Image Reconstruction and ASiR-V) are
implemented on the secondary predicate, Revolution CT family (K163213, K133705), they utilize
the same hardware and software platform technology on which substantial equivalency is

                               Page 2

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction


demonstrated. The table below summarizes the substantive feature/technological differences
between the predicate device and the proposed device:

 Specification/        ASiR-V                     Deep Learning Image Reconstruction
 Attribute
                       (Predicate Device, K133640)      (Proposed Device)

 Technology           Extensive system statistical         Utilizes a dedicated Deep Neural
                   model                       Network (DNN) which is trained on the
                                                CT Scanner and designed specifically to
                                                     generate high quality CT images

 System statistics -     Characterization of the photon   Same
 Noise modeling of      statistics as it propagates
 the data collection    through the preprocessing and
 imaging chain          calibration imaging chain
 (photon noise and
 electronic noise)

 System statistics –    The characterization of the         Utilizes a trained Deep Neural Network
 Noise characteristics  scanned object using            (DNN) which models the scanned
 of the reconstructed  information obtained from        object using information obtained from
 images               extensive phantom and clinical    extensive phantom and clinical data
                      data

 Clinical Workflow      Select recon type and strength     Select recon type and strength (High,
                       (percentage)                  Medium, Low)

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction does not introduce any new risks/hazards, warnings, or
limitations.

Determination of Substantial Equivalence

Summary of Non-Clinical Testing

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction has successfully completed the design control testing per
our quality system. No new hazards were identified, and no unexpected test results were
obtained. Deep Learning Image Reconstruction was designed under the Quality System
Regulations of 21CFR 820 and ISO 13485. GE believes that the extensive bench testing
performed, and the physician evaluation are sufficient for FDA’s substantial equivalence
determination.

The following quality assurance measures have been applied to the development of the system:

       •       Risk Analysis
       •      Required Reviews
       •      Design Reviews


                               Page 3

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction


       •      Software Development Lifecycle
       •       Testing on unit level (Module verification)
       •       Integration testing (System verification)
       •      Performance testing (Verification)
       •       Safety testing (Verification)
       •      Simulated use testing (Validation)

The testing and results did not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness than
associated with predicate device. We consider the proposed device is substantially equivalent to
the predicate device ASIR-V.

The substantial equivalence is also based on the software documentation for a “Moderate” level
of concern device

Additional Non-Clinical Testing

Engineering bench testing was performed to support substantial equivalence and the product
performance claims. The evaluation and analysis used the identical raw datasets obtained on
GE’s Revolution CT and then applies the Deep Learning Image Reconstruction or ASiR-V
reconstruction (hence the dose (CTDIvol) is identical for both). The resultant images were then
compared for:
    ▪  Low Contrast Detectability (LCD) using the head and body MITA/FDA low contrast
      phantoms and a model observer
    ▪  Image Noise (pixel standard deviation) using both head and body uniform phantoms
    ▪   High-Contrast Spatial Resolution (MTF) using a quality assurance phantom with a small
       diameter tungsten wire surrounded by water inside the phantom to generate the point
       spread function
    ▪   Streak Artifact Suppression using an oval uniform polyethylene phantom with
      embedded high attenuation objects to produce the artifacts
    ▪   Spatial Resolution, longitudinal (FWHM slice sensitivity profile)
    ▪  Low Contrast Detectability/resolution (statistical)
    ▪   Noise Power Spectrum (NPS) and Standard Deviation of noise
    ▪  CT Number Uniformity
    ▪  CT Number Accuracy
    ▪   Contrast to Noise (CNR) ratio
    ▪   Artifact analysis – metal objects, unintended motion, truncation

Clinical Testing

The reader study used a total of 60 retrospectively collected clinal cases. The raw data from
each of these cases was reconstructed with both ASiR-V and Deep Learning Image


                               Page 4

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction


Reconstruction and presented side by side to each reader independently. The results of the
study support substantial equivalence and performance claims.

These images were read by 9 board-certified radiologists with expertise in the specialty areas
that align with the anatomical region of each case. Each image was read by 3 different
radiologists who provided an assessment of image quality related to diagnostic use according to
a 5-point Likert Scale. Three readers read the cases primarily covering body and extremity
anatomy, three different readers read the cases primarily covering head/neck anatomy, and
three different readers read the cases primarily covering cardiac/vascular.

Additionally, the readers were asked to compare directly the ASIR-V and Deep Learning Image
Reconstruction images according to three key metrics of image quality preference – image noise
texture, image sharpness, and image noise texture homogeneity.

A final evaluation of low contrast and small lesions in the abdominal and pelvis region by a
board-certified radiologist confirmed that the images produced are of diagnostic quality.

Substantial Equivalence

The changes associated with Deep Learning Image Reconstruction do not change the Indications
for Use from the primary predicate, and represent equivalent technological characteristics, with
no impact on control mechanism, operating principle, and energy type.

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction was developed under GE Healthcare’s quality system.
Design verification, along with bench testing and the clinical reader study demonstrate that
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction is substantially equivalent and hence as safe and as
effective as the legally marketed predicate device. GE’s quality system’s design, verification, and
risk management processes did not identify any new hazards, unexpected results, or adverse
effects stemming from the changes to the predicate.

Based on development under GE Healthcare’s quality system, the successful verification testing,
the additional engineering bench testing, and the clinical reader study, GE Healthcare believes
that Deep Learning Image Reconstruction is substantially equivalent to the predicate device and
hence is safe and effective for its intended use.


                               Page 5