February 1, 2019

Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
℅ Ms. Kimberly Mangum
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
40 Liberty Blvd.
MALVERN PA 19355

Re: K183272
    Trade/Device Name: AI Rad Companion (Engine)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ, JAK
    Dated: November 21, 2018
    Received: November 23, 2018

Dear Ms. Mangum:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 3 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K183272 – Ms. Kimberly Mangum                                                      Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good
manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820)
for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if
applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-
1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and
Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website
(http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone
(1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                  for
                                           Robert Ochs, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                              Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                          and Radiological Health
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K183272
Device Name
AI-Rad Companion (Engine)
Indications for Use (Describe)
ALRad Companion Engine) is a software platform that provides basic visualization and enables external post-processing
extension for medical images used for diagnostic purposes. The software platform is designed to support technicians and
trained physicians in qualitative and quantitative measurement and analysis of clinical data. The software platform
provides means for storing of data and for transferring data into other systems such as PACS systems. The software
platform provides an interface to integrate processing extensions.
ALRad Companion Engine) functionality includes:
+ Interface for multi-modality and multi-vendor Input / Output of DICOM Data
* Check of data validity using information for DICOM tags
+ Interface for extensions that provide post-processing functionality
+ Confirmation user interface for visualization of medical images processed by extensions
+ Configuration user interface for configuration of the medical device and extensions
‘Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
BR] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Dl over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW."
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
‘time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
Of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 Rchaingtetenoanecee EF
Traditional 510(k) Al-Rad Companion (Engine) 39 of 102 ‘Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Confidential

510(K) SUMMARY
                                      FOR
                               AI-RAD COMPANION (ENGINE)
                                         Submitted by:
                           Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
                                  40 Liberty Boulevard
                                        Malvern, PA 19355
                               Date Prepared: January 18, 2019

  This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with
  the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR §807.92.

1. Submitter
  Importer/Distributor
  Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
  40 Liberty Boulevard
  Malvern, PA 19355
  Establishment Registration Number
  2240869

  Manufacturing Site
  Siemens Healthcare GmbH
  Siemensstr. 1
  D-91301 Forchheim, Germany
  Establishment Registration Number
  3004977335

  Contact Person
  Kimberly Mangum
  Regulatory Affairs Specialist
  Siemens Medical Solutions, Inc. USA
  40 Liberty Boulevard
  Malvern, PA 19355
  Phone: (610) 448 - 6477
  Email: kimberly.mangum@siemens-healthineers.com

2. Device Name and Classification
  Product Name:           AI-Rad Companion (Engine)
  Trade Name:             AI-Rad Companion (Engine)
  Classification Name:       Picture Archiving and Communication System
  Classification Panel:      Radiology
  Regulation Number:      21 CFR §892.2050
  Device Class:             Class II
  Product Code:          LLZ
  Secondary Product Code JAK

3. Predicate Device
  Primary Predicate Device:
  Product Name:          syngo.CT View&GO
  Propriety Trade Name:    syngo.CT View&GO
  510(k) Number:          K170952
  Clearance Date:             April 28, 2017

  AI-Rad Companion (Engine) 510(k) Summary
  K183272                                                                  Page 1 of 5

Classification Name:      Picture Archiving and Communications System
  Classification Panel:      Radiology
  Regulation Number:      21 CFR §892.2050
  Device Class:            Class II
  Primary Product Code:   LLZ
  Secondary Product Code JAK
  Recall Information:       There are currently no recalls for this device

4. Device Description
  AI-Rad Companion (Engine) is a software platform that provides basic visualization and enables
  external post-processing extension  for medical images used  for diagnostic purposes. The
  software platform provides means for storing of data and for transferring data into other systems
  such as PACS systems.  The software platform provides an interface to integrate processing
  extensions by supporting:

      •   Interface for multi-modality and multi-vendor Input / Output of DICOM Data
      •  Check of data validity using information for DICOM tags
      •   Interface for extensions that provide post-processing functionality
      •   Confirmation user interface for visualization of medical images processed by extensions
      •   Configuration user interface for configuration of the medical device and extensions

  As an update to the previously cleared device, the following modifications have been made:
      1)   Modified Indications for Use Statement
      2)   Support of software version VA10A:
               a.  Deployment of software on Siemens cloud infrastructure
               b.  Improved method to access and configure optional post-processing extensions
                c.  Modified workflow to visualize and confirm output of optional post-processing
                 extension
      3)  Subject device claims list

  AI-Rad Companion (Engine)  is designed  to support the operating user  in  qualitative and
  quantitative analysis of clinical data

5. Indications for Use
  AI-Rad Companion (Engine) is a software platform that provides basic visualization and enables
  external post-processing extension  for medical images used  for diagnostic purposes. The
  software platform is designed to support technicians and trained physicians in qualitative and
  quantitative measurement and analysis of clinical data. The software platform provides means for
  storing of data and for transferring data into other systems such as PACS systems. The software
  platform provides an interface to integrate processing extensions.

  AI-Rad Companion (Engine) functionality includes:
      •   Interface for multi-modality and multi-vendor Input / Output of DICOM Data
      •  Check of data validity using information for DICOM tags
      •   Interface for extensions that provide post-processing functionality
      •   Confirmation user interface for visualization of medical images processed by extensions
      •   Configuration user interface for configuration of the medical device and extensions
6. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

  The subject device AI-Rad Companion (Engine) is within the same classification regulation as the
  primary predicate device.  The subject device supports a specific indication for use that  is
  reflective  of device  specific performance, but the intended use and fundamental  scientific
  technology remain unchanged from the primary predicate device.


  AI-Rad Companion (Engine) 510(k) Summary
  K183272                                                                  Page 2 of 5

A tabular comparison of the subject device and predicate devices is provided as Table 1 below.

  Table 1: Predicate Device Comparable Properties
                                          Predicate Device   Feature          Subject Device                        Comparison Results                                        (K170952)
                                                                 Equivalent. The subject device
                      Software version                            supports a new version of software   Software                          SOMARIS/8 VB20A                 VA10A                                           that is deployable on the Siemens
                                                                  cloud infrastructure
                                                                 Equivalent. The subject device                     Extendable via                                          Extendable via       has been modified to support                         additional post-    Extensibility                                 additional post-        extensions that can perform                      processing                                           processing tools      automated post-processing using                      extensions                                                                                             artificial intelligence algorithms
                     Standard             Standard
                         visualization tools      visualization tools    Visualization                                    Same                    (window levels,       (window levels,
                 MPR, MIP, VRT)     MPR, MIP, VRT)
                         In the Distribution
                      step it is shown to
                     which DICOM nodes
                   a series will be sent
                  when saving the                                        Sending of DICOM                      case, or to which                            Equivalent. The subject device   Image                                  data to DICOM                   node a series has                        has been modified to support    Distribution and                       nodes possible in                      already been sent.                              transfer to a preconfigured DICOM   Archiving                                 the export                   The user can select                      node                                                    functionality                          (or deselect)
                     whether a series will
                   be sent to any
                DICOM node or to a
                      subset of nodes.
                                                                 Equivalent. The subject device
   User Interface                                            has been modified to provide only                      Confirmation UI        syngo.via GUI   Confirmation                                                    basic functionality for confirmation
                                                                           of processed results
                                                                 Equivalent. The subject device
   User Interface                            syngo.via GUI -       has been modified to expose                       Configuration UI   Configuration                               configuration           configuration options of existent
                                                                  extensions
                                                                 Equivalent. The subject device                   CD-R, film, DVD,     CD-R, film, DVD,    Archiving/Storing                                          has been modified to only store                  USB, Network       USB, Network                                                         meta data
   Communication   DICOM compatible   DICOM compatible   Same

7. Performance Data
  Non-Clinical Testing Summary
  Performance tests were conducted to test the functionality of AI-Rad Companion (Engine).
  Software validations and bench testing have been conducted to the performance claims as well
  as the claim of substantial equivalence to the predicate devices.

  AI-Rad Companion has been tested to meet the requirements of conformity to multiple industry
  standards.  Non-clinical performance testing demonstrated that AI-Rad Companion complies with
  the following voluntary FDA recognized Consensus Standards listed in Table 2 below

  AI-Rad Companion (Engine) 510(k) Summary
  K183272                                                                  Page 3 of 5

Table 2: Voluntary Conformance Standards
                                                                            Standards Recognition    Product                                            Publication                                              Title of Standard                        Development   Number       Area                                            Date                                                                                Organization
                                   Digital Imaging and Communications in 12-300        Radiology                                          06/27/2016   NEMA                            Medicine (DICOM) Set; PS 3.1 – 3.20
                            Medical Device Software –Software Life                                                                           AAMI, ANSI, 13-32         Software     Cycle Processes; 62304:2006 (1st        08/20/2012                                                                         IEC                                 Edition)
                            Medical devices – Application of risk                Software/ 5-40                   management to medical devices; 14971   08/20/2012    ISO                 Informatics                         Second Edition 2007-03-01
                            Medical devices - Part 1: Application of               General I                                   usability engineering to medical devices   06/27/2016    IEC              (QS/RM)                         IEC 62366-1:2015
 5-114
                            Medical devices - Part 1: Application of               General I                                   usability engineering to medical devices   2/3/2016      IEC              (QS/RM)                                 [Including CORRIGENDUM 1 (2016)]

Verification and Validation
Software Documentation  for a Moderate Level  of Concern software per FDA’s Guidance
Document “Guidance  for the Content of Premarket Submissions  for Software Contained  in
Medical Devices” issued on May 11, 2005, and “Off-The-Shelf Software Use in Medical Devices”
is also included as part of  this submission. The performance data demonstrates continued
conformance with special controls for medical devices containing software. Non-clinical tests were
conducted on the Subject Device AI-Rad Companion (Engine) software version VA10A during
product development.

The Risk analysis was completed and risk control implemented to mitigate identified hazards. The
testing results support that  all the software specifications have met the acceptance  criteria.
Testing for verification and validation for the device was found acceptable to support the claims of
substantial equivalence.

Bench testing in the form of Unit, Subsystem and System Integration testing were performed to
evaluate the performance and functionality of the new features and software updates. All testable
requirements in the Engineering Requirements Specifications keys, Subsystem Requirements
Specifications keys, and the Risk Management Hazard keys have been successfully verified and
traced in accordance with the Siemens product development (lifecycle) process. The software
verification and regression testing have been performed successfully to meet their previously
determined acceptance criteria as stated in the test plans. Electrical safety and EMC testing
requirements are addressed as part of the host system (CT device or PACS system) to ensure
compliance with the application IEC standards.

Siemens conforms to the cybersecurity requirements by implementing a process of preventing
unauthorized access,  modifications, misuse  or  denial  of use,  or the unauthorized use  of
information that is stored, accessed or transferred from a medical device to an external recipient.
Provided in this submission is a cybersecurity statement that considers IEC 80001-1:2010. The
responsibility for compliance with IEC 80001-1-2010 is the hospital.

Summary
AI-Rad Companion (Engine) was tested and found to be safe and effective for intended users,
uses and use environments through the design control verification and validation process and


AI-Rad Companion (Engine) 510(k) Summary
K183272                                                                  Page 4 of 5

clinical data based software validation  . The Human Factor Usability Validation showed that
 Human factors are addressed in the system test according to the operator’s manual and in clinical
  use tests with customer report and feedback form. Customer employees are adequately trained in
  the use of this equipment.

8. General Safety and Effectiveness Concerns:
  The device labeling contains instructions for use as well as necessary cautions and warnings to
  provide for safe and effective use of the device.  Risk management is ensured via a system
  related Risk analysis, which is used to identify potential hazards. These potential hazards are
  controlled  during  development,  verification and  validation  testing  according  to  the  Risk
  Management process.  In order  to minimize  electrical, mechanical, and  radiation hazards,
  Siemens adheres to recognized and established industry practice and standards.

9. Conclusions
  AI-Rad Companion (Engine) has the same intended use as the primary predicate device. The
  indication for use has been modified to include a more succinct summary of device specific
  performance, but is still within the scope of the intended use and regulatory classification as the
  predicate devices. The fundamental technological characteristics such as image visualization and
  image manipulation are the same as the predicate device. The result of all testing conducted was
  found acceptable to support the claim of substantial equivalence. The predicate device was
  cleared based on  non-clinical supportive information  including bench  testing and software
  validations. The results of these tests demonstrate that the predicate devices are adequate for the
  intended use. The comparison of technological characteristics, non-clinical performance data, and
  software validation demonstrates that the subject device is as safe and effective when compared
  to the predicate device that is currently marketed for the same intended use. For the subject
  device, AI-Rad Companion (Engine), Siemens used the same testing with the same workflows as
  used to clear the predicate device to demonstrate safety and performance of the technical
  workflow.  Since both devices were tested using the same methods, Siemens believes that the
  data generated from the AI-Rad Companion (Engine) software testing supports a finding of
  substantial equivalence.


  AI-Rad Companion (Engine) 510(k) Summary
  K183272                                                                  Page 5 of 5