3D Systems, Inc.                                                August 28, 2019
℅ Kim Torluemke
VP Quality & Regulatory, Healthcare
5381 South Alkire Circle
LITTLETON, CO 80127

Re: K183489
    Trade/Device Name: D2P
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture Archiving And Communications System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: July 16, 2019
    Received: July 18, 2019

Dear Kim Torluemke:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K183489 - Kim Torluemke                                                             Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below,
510(k) Number (if known)
K183489
Device Name
D2P
Indications for Use (Describe)
The D2P software is intended for use as a software interface and image segmentation system for the transfer of DICOM
imaging information from a medical scanner to an output file. It is also intended as pre-operative software for surgical
planning. For this purpose, the output file may be used to produce a physical replica. The physical replica is intended for
adjunctive use along with other diagnostic tools and expert clinical judgement for diagnosis, patient management, and/or
treatment selection of cardiovascular, craniofacial, gastrointestinal, genitourinary, neurological, and/or musculoskeletal
applications.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (J) Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Serves (301)433.6730 EF

Traditional 510(k) for
                                                              D2P Software
                                                                            510(k) Summary

                                                                      K183489
510(K) SUMMARY
1.  INTRODUCTION

    This document contains the 510(k) summary for the D2P software. The content of this
   summary is based on the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

2.  SUBMITTER


   Name:           Simbionix LTD a 3D Systems Company

    Address:          Beit Golan
                    Corner of Golan and Hanegev St.
                       Airport City, 70151, Israel
                    Phone: +972‐3‐9114444
                       Fax: +972‐3‐9114455

    Official Contact:  Kim Torluemke
                      Vice President, Quality and Regulatory, Healthcare

   Date Prepared:    July 16, 2019

3.  DEVICE


   Trade Name:       D2P

   Common Name:     Image processing system

    Classification Name: System, Image Processing, Radiological

    Classification:        Class II, 21 CFR 892.2050

    Product Code:       LLZ

4.  PREDICATE DEVICE

   The D2P software is claimed to be substantially equivalent to the following legally marketed
    predicate device:

     D2P, Simbionix LTD a 3D Systems Company (K161841)

    Reference device:

       InPrint, Materials N.V. (K173619)


                                   Page 1 of 3

Traditional 510(k) for
                                                              D2P Software
                                                                            510(k) Summary
                                                                      K183489

5.  DEVICE DESCRIPTION

   The D2P software is a stand‐alone modular software package that provides advanced
    visualization of DICOM imaging data. This modular package includes, but is not limited to
    the following functions:

     DICOM viewer and analysis
      Automated segmentation
       Editing and pre‐printing
      Seamless integration with 3D Systems printers
      Seamless integration with 3D Systems software packages
      Seamless integration with Virtual Reality visualization for non‐diagnostic use.

6.  INDICATIONS FOR USE

   The D2P software is intended for use as a software interface and image segmentation
   system for the transfer of DICOM imaging information from a medical scanner to an output
     file. It is also intended as pre‐operative software for surgical planning. For this purpose, the
    output file may be used to produce a physical replica. The physical replica is intended for
    adjunctive use along with other diagnostic tools and expert clinical judgement for diagnosis,
    patient management, and/or treatment selection of cardiovascular, craniofacial,
    gastrointestinal, genitourinary, neurological, and/or musculoskeletal applications.

   The Indications for Use statement for the D2P software is nearly identical to the predicate
    device. The primary difference, confirmed through bench testing, includes the ability to
     utilize the electronic output to print physical anatomic models on qualified 3D Printing
    technologies and materials for diagnostic use. Both the subject and predicate devices have
    the same intended use for visualization, analysis and segmentation of medical images and
    rendering 3D objects.

7. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE

   The D2P software employs the same fundamental technologies as the identified predicate
    devices, including:

    Viewing of medical imaging data in the axial, coronal and sagittal views
     Ability to process, review and analyze medical imaging data;
    Image transfer and manipulation via software used for the creation of a 3D object;

   The following technological differences exist between the subject and predicate devices:

     Incorporation of a deep learning neural network used to create the prediction of the
        segmentation.

    The ability to remove images from a DICOM dataset.


                                   Page 2 of 3

Traditional 510(k) for
                                                              D2P Software
                                                                            510(k) Summary
                                                                      K183489
    The addition of a measurement tool into VR visualization.

    The subject device’s intended use explicitly reflects 3D printing of the output file which
        can be used for diagnostic purposes in cardiovascular, craniofacial, gastrointestinal,
         genitourinary, neurological, and/or musculoskeletal applications.

8. PERFORMANCE DATA

    Non‐clinical tests

   The D2P application has been validated for its intended use to determine substantial
    equivalence to the predicate device. A measurement accuracy and calculation 3D study,
    usability study, and decimation study were performed and confirmed to be within
    specification. Validation of printing of physical replicas was performed and demonstrated
    that anatomic models for cardiovascular, craniofacial, gastrointestinal, genitourinary,
    neurological, and/or musculoskeletal cases can be printed accurately when using any of the
    compatible 3D printers and materials.

   Summary
     All performance testing, which were conducted as a result of risk analyses and design impact
    assessments, showed conformity to pre‐established specifications and acceptance criteria.
   The acceptance criteria were established in order to demonstrate device performance and
    substantial equivalence of the software to the predicate device.

9.  CONCLUSIONS

   Based on a comparison of the intended use and technological characteristics, the D2P
    software is substantially equivalent to the identified predicate device. Minor differences in
    technological and performance characteristics did not raise new or different questions of
    safety and effectiveness. Additionally, the non‐clinical testing supports that the system
    performs in accordance with its intended use and is as safe, as effective, and performs as
    well as the predicate device.


                                   Page 3 of 3