HeartVista, Inc.                                                    October 18, 2019
℅ Mr. James J. Rogers
FDA Regulatory Affairs, Quality Assurance, and Clinical Studies
4984 El Camino Real, Suite 102
LOS ALTOS CA 94022

Re: K183274
    Trade/Device Name: RTHawk, HeartVista Cardiac Package
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic resonance diagnostic device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH
    Dated: September 19, 2019
    Received: September 20, 2019

Dear Mr. Rogers:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K183274 – Mr. James J. Rogers                                                          Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K183274

Device Name
RTHawk, HeartVista Cardiac Package


Indications for Use (Describe)
RTHawk is an accessory to 1.5T and 3.0T whole-body magnetic resonance diagnostic devices (MRDD or MR). It is
intended to operate alongside, and in parallel with, the existing MR console to acquire traditional, real-time and
accelerated images. The HeartVista Cardiac Package is a collection of RTHawk Apps designed to acquire, reconstruct and
display cardiovascular MR (CMR) images.

RTHawk produces static and dynamic transverse, coronal, sagittal, and oblique cross-sectional images that display the
internal structures and/or functions of the entire body. The images produced reflect the spatial distribution of nuclei
exhibiting magnetic resonance. The magnetic resonance properties that determine image appearance are proton density,
spin-lattice relaxation time (T1), spin-spin relaxation time (T2) and flow. When interpreted by a trained physician, these
images provide information that may assist in the determination of a diagnosis.

RTHawk is intended for use as an accessory to the following MRI systems:

Manufacturer: GE Healthcare (GEHC)
Field Strength: 1.5T and 3.0T
Scanner Software Versions: 12, 15, 16, 23, 24, 25, 26


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary
              RTHawk; HeartVista Cardiac Package
                       510(k) Number: K183274

      Submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21CFR 807.92.

1.0 Medical Establishment Registration

Medical Establishment Registration No.: 3011767965

2.0 Contact Information

James Jochen Rogers
FDA Regulatory Affairs, Quality Assurance, and Clinical Studies
T: 724.713.2298
E: jr@heartvista.com

3.0 Establishment Name and Address

HeartVista, Inc.
4984 El Camino Real, Suite 102
Los Altos, CA 94022

4.0 Submission Date

November 19, 2018, September 19, 2019, October 15, 2019

5.0 Device Information

Trade/Proprietary Name: RTHawk, HeartVista Cardiac Package
Common Name: RTHawk, HeartVista Cardiac Package
Model Number(s):
   ●  HeartVista Cardiac Package (HVCP)
   ●  RTHawk
Regulation Number: 892.1000
Regulation Name: Magnetic resonance diagnostic device (MRDD)
Regulatory Class: Class II
Device Classification Name: System, Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Classification Panel: Radiology
Classification Product Code(s): LNH


          HeartVista, Inc.  • 4984 El Camino Real, Ste. 102, Los Altos, CA 94022 • (650) 800-7937 • www.heartvista.com
                                                              1/9

6.0 Predicate Device(s)

 510(k) #   Device                               510(k) Sponsor       510(k) Clearance
                                                                Date

 K170090  RTHawk (ver 2.3.2)                    HeartVista           07/14/2017
            HeartVIsta Cardiac Package

7.0 Device Description

RTHawk is a software system designed from the ground up to provide a platform for efficient
real-time MRI data acquisition, data transfer, image reconstruction, and interactive scan control
and display of static and dynamic MR imaging data.

RTHawk is as an accessory to clinical 1.5T and 3.0T MR systems, operating alongside, and in
parallel with, the MR scanner console with no permanent physical modifications to the MRI
system required.

RTHawk is designed to run on a stand-alone linux-based computer workstation, color monitor,
keyboard and mouse. It is designed to operate alongside, and in parallel with, the existing MR
console with no hardware modifications required to be made to the MR system or console. This
RTHawk Workstation is sourced by the Customer in conformance with HeartVista-provided
specifications, and verified prior to installation.

A private ethernet network connects the RTHawk workstation to the MR scanner computer.
When not in use, the RTHawk workstation may be detached from the MR scanner with no
detrimental, residual impact upon MR scanner function, operation, or throughput.

The RTHawk application is written to run on top of the Linux operating system, much like
application software for word processing, accounting, graphics, etc. Additional software is
installed on the MR scanner computer, for receiving communications and control commands
from RTHawk, and for directing MRI raw data to RTHawk for image reconstruction, display and
processing.

RTHawk is an easy-to-use, yet fully functional, MR Operating System environment. The
RTHawk operating system has been designed to provide a platform for the real-time acquisition,
control, reconstruction, display, and storage of high-quality static and dynamic MRI images and
data.

Data is continuously acquired and displayed. By user interaction or data feedback, fundamental
scan parameters can be modified. Real-time and high-resolution image acquisition methods are
used throughout RTHawk for scan plane localization, for tracking of patient motion, for detection

          HeartVista, Inc.  • 4984 El Camino Real, Ste. 102, Los Altos, CA 94022 • (650) 800-7937 • www.heartvista.com
                                                              2/9

of transient events, for on-the-fly, sub-second latency adjustment of image acquisition
parameters (e.g., scan plane, flip angle, field-of-view, etc.) and for image visualization.
Additional features are provided to automate and facilitate the set of tasks performed during a
typical cardiac exam.


Conventional MR scanners queue an entire scan ahead of time and provide for little or no
modification to a scan already in progress. Conversely, the RTHawk software prepares scan
waveforms just as they are needed. RTHawk's efficient management of pulse sequence
waveforms and instructions for modifying those pulse sequence waveforms uses the entire
scanning interval for preparation of the next sequence. Scan parameters may be manipulated in
real time, while providing all checks necessary to assure patient safety.

RTHawk makes extensive use of spiral image acquisition techniques to maximize scan
efficiency. While conventional scans acquire data line-by-line in a Cartesian grid, RTHawk
collects data more efficiently in a spiral pattern. Spiral-pattern raw data must be reformatted for
correct reconstruction and display, requiring additional computing resources and image
correction procedures to reduce image artifacts and distortions, ensuring high-quality
reconstructed images.

RTHawk implements the conventional MRI concept of Protocols. Protocols are pre-set by
HeartVista, but new protocols can be created and modified by the end user.

RTHawk Apps (Applications) are comprised of a pulse sequence, predefined fixed and
adjustable parameters, reconstruction pipeline(s), and a tailored graphical user interface
containing image visualization and scan control tools. RTHawk Apps may provide real-time
interactive scanning, conventional (traditional) batch-mode scanning, accelerated scanning, or
calibration functions, in which data acquired may be used to tune or optimize other Apps.

The HeartVista Cardiac Package is a collection of RTHawk APPs that enables the performance
of a comprehensive cardiovascular MR (CMR) study in a clinically feasible amount of time.
These APPs are designed and optimized to acquire, reconstruct, and display CMR images, with
features including:

   ●  On-the-fly, sub-second latency adjustment of image acquisition parameters (e.g., scan
       plane, flip angle, field-of-view, etc.)
   ●  Real-time imaging, enabling less reliance on ECG gating and artifact suppression
       techniques. Real-time imaging may be used for scan plane localization, instantaneous
       tracking of patient motion, and clinical user observation of transient events
   ●  Scan automation tools including automatic pushbutton localization of standard cardiac
       views, automatic determination of inversion time, automatic detection of artifacts, and
      automated myocardial segmentation


          HeartVista, Inc.  • 4984 El Camino Real, Ste. 102, Los Altos, CA 94022 • (650) 800-7937 • www.heartvista.com
                                                              3/9

●  High spatial resolution imaging, including single breath-hold, multi-slice high-resolution
     GRE app offering near total heart coverage
   ●  Free-breathing, multi-slice SSFP and GRE apps that rapidly acquire high-quality images
          - potentially useful for patients who suffer from arrhythmia or who cannot hold their
       breath
   ●   Multi-slice dynamic SR GRE app with one heartbeat temporal resolution for time-course
       imaging.
   ●  Continuous flow quantification

The conventional MRI concept of anatomy- and indication-specific Protocols is implemented
within the HeartVista Cardiac Package. APPs within the HeartVista Cardiac Package are
organized into basic Protocols pre-set by HeartVista. The clinical user may modify APP
parameters from default values within their ranges. These modified APPs may be saved into
new or existing user-created Protocols to create unique CMR-indicated protocols tailored to the
user’s clinical interests.

RTHawk operates compatible MR scanners within the safety parameters listed below:


 Safety Parameter                              Safety Level

 Magnetic Field strength                         1.5T, 3.0T

 Operating Modes IEC 60601-2-33 (2010-03)    FIRST LEVEL CONTROLLED
                                  OPERATING MODE

 Safety Parameter Display                  SAR, dB/dt

 Max SAR                              < 4W/kg whole-body

 Max dB/dt                              FIRST LEVEL CONTROLLED
                                  OPERATING MODE


8.0 Indications for Use

RTHawk is an accessory to 1.5T and 3.0T whole-body magnetic resonance diagnostic devices
(MRDD or MR). It is intended to operate alongside, and in parallel with, the existing MR console
to acquire traditional, real-time and accelerated images. The HeartVista Cardiac Package is a
collection of RTHawk Apps designed to acquire, reconstruct and display cardiovascular MR
(CMR) images.

RTHawk produces static and dynamic transverse, coronal, sagittal, and oblique cross-sectional
images that display the internal structures and/or functions of the entire body. The images
produced reflect the spatial distribution of nuclei exhibiting magnetic resonance. The magnetic
resonance properties that determine image appearance are proton density, spin-lattice

          HeartVista, Inc.  • 4984 El Camino Real, Ste. 102, Los Altos, CA 94022 • (650) 800-7937 • www.heartvista.com
                                                              4/9

relaxation time (T1), spin-spin relaxation time (T2) and flow. When interpreted by a trained
physician, these images provide information that may assist in the determination of a diagnosis.

RTHawk is intended for use as an accessory to the following MRI systems:

       Manufacturer: GE Healthcare (GEHC)
        Field Strength: 1.5T and 3.0T
      Scanner Software Versions: 12, 15, 16, 23, 24, 25, 26

9.0 Performance Data - Discussion of Non-Clinical Tests

Design controls quality assurance measures during the development of RTHawk include:

   ●  Code reviews
   ●  Design reviews
   ●  Unit and integration level testing
   ●   Verification testing, including System and Manual testing
   ●  Safety testing, including SAR, dB/dt, and acoustic noise
   ●  Performance testing, including SNR and uniformity
   ●  Validation testing

RTHawk has been designed to comply with the FDA Recognized Consensus Standards listed in
the table below, as applicable to device features and components:


 Reference #                       Title

 IEC 60601-2-33 Ed 3.0        Medical electrical equipment - Part 2-33: Particular
 (2010-03)                    requirements for the basic safety and essential performance of
                             magnetic resonance equipment for medical diagnostic
                                   (radiology).

 MS1-2008                    Determination of Signal-to-Noise Ratio (SNR) in Diagnostic
                             Magnetic Resonance Imaging

 MS3-2008                    Determination of Image Uniformity in Diagnostic Magnetic
                          Resonance Images

 MS4-2010                    Acoustic Noise Measurement Procedure for Diagnostic
                             Magnetic Resonance Imaging Devices

 MS8-2008                     Characterization of the Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) for
                             Magnetic Resonance Imaging Systems

NEMA PS3.1 - 3.20 (2011)      Digital Imaging And Communications In Medicine (DICOM)
                                 Set.


          HeartVista, Inc.  • 4984 El Camino Real, Ste. 102, Los Altos, CA 94022 • (650) 800-7937 • www.heartvista.com
                                                              5/9

ISO 14971:2007              Medical Devices - Application Of Risk Management To
                             Medical Devices

 ES60601-1:2005/(R)2012      (Consolidated Text) Medical Electrical Equipment - Part 1:
 +A1 +C1 +A2                General Requirements For Basic Safety And Essential
                            Performance (IEC 60601-1:2005, Mod). Section 14
                          Programmable Electrical Medical Systems (PEMS)


Risk management, compliant with ISO 14971:2007, identified hazards, sequences of events,
and resultant harms; developed, implemented, and tested risk-controlling mitigations; and
evaluated residual risks.


10.0 Technological Characteristics Comparison to Predicate
Device and Discussion

Both the subject device and the predicate device software are intended as an accessory to
GEHC 1.5T and 3.0T MRI systems, and are intended to integrate and interact seamlessly with
the operating system software within those MRI systems. Both devices support all coils
available on the specific installation’s MRI console. Neither device supports software-controlled
patient table movements and shifts. Both devices support remote access to and imaging on the
specific installation’s MRI system.

The structure of the subject device software is identical to the predicate device software, and is
comprised of the following functional modules:

   ●  Acquisition - responsible for the transfer of MR raw data from the MR scanner to the
       HeartVista Workstation
   ●  Analysis - contains the image post-processing tools
   ●  Application - HeartVista APPs. Each APP is comprised of a pulse sequence, user
       parameters, a reconstruction pipeline, and a specific user interface
   ●  Information System - the central repository of all relevant MRI system configuration,
        patient, study, scan, etc., parameters associated with the current patient study
   ●  Reconstruction - responsible for the efficient processing of raw data to generate MR
      images via a flexible, pipelined topology
   ●  Scan Control - responsible for the real-time network transfer of controlling orders for
      APPs, APPs parameters modifications, and dynamic information from the MR host in
      response to user or program requests
   ●  Sequencer - creates and provides a specific set of pulse sequence waveforms to control
       the MR scanner
   ●  Storage - obtains current patient and scan information, performs non-volatile local
       storage, exports images and data in DICOM format, and logs events.


          HeartVista, Inc.  • 4984 El Camino Real, Ste. 102, Los Altos, CA 94022 • (650) 800-7937 • www.heartvista.com
                                                              6/9

●  Visualization - implements all aspects of the user interface, including APP selection,
       controls to modify APP parameters, image display, graphical slice prescription, and
      image review, save, and export.

As with the predicate device, RTHawk Apps (Applications) are comprised of a pulse sequence,
predefined fixed and adjustable parameters, reconstruction pipeline(s), and a tailored graphical
user interface containing image visualization and scan control tools. RTHawk Apps provide
real-time interactive, batch-mode, and accelerated scanning, as well as calibration functions, in
which data acquired may be used to tune or optimize other Apps. Orthogonal, oblique, and
double oblique imaging planes are fully supported. The HeartVista Cardiac Package is a
collection of RTHawk Apps designed to acquire, reconstruct and display cardiovascular MR
(CMR) images.

In this version of the HeartVista Cardiac Package, notable changes include:

   ●  The operating system intended for use with the HeartVista Cardiac Package is now
      Ubuntu 18.04 ("Bionic"), released April 2018.
   ●  Additional compatibility with GE Signa scanners with software revision DV 26.
   ●  The addition of new CMR Apps including:
        ○  B0 Mapping
        ○   Cardiac Localizer
        ○  Cardiac T2 Map
        ○  Cardiac T2* Map Cartesian
        ○  Cartesian Shimming
        ○  FB DE GRE
        ○  FB MS Tagging GRE
        ○  Multi-Slice Cine Flow
        ○  Multi-Slice DE SSFP
        ○  Noise Measurement
        ○  Stack-of-Spiral Cine Flow
   ●  Additional variations on existing APPs, including
        ○  Automating the determination and prescription of standard cardiac views
               (short-axis, fourchamber, etc.)
        ○  The optional addition of L1-based denoising ("Compressed Sensing") to
          some Apps
        ○   The ability to automatically detect artifacts in some Apps
        ○  Automation of the breath-holding process through automatic voice
        ○  Automated determination of an optimal TI value from Cine DE Cal data
   ●  New features intended to address cybersecurity concerns
   ●  The ability to automatically segment LV endocardium, LV epicardium, and RV
      endocardium


          HeartVista, Inc.  • 4984 El Camino Real, Ste. 102, Los Altos, CA 94022 • (650) 800-7937 • www.heartvista.com
                                                              7/9

Instructions for use are included within the device labeling, and the information provided
enables the user to operate the device in a safe and effective manner. The subject device
implements FDA Unique Device Identifier (UDI) labeling requirements. Both devices have
equivalent statements of Intended Use.

The table below summarizes a comparison of the revised technological characteristics to the
predicate device:


 Attribute             Predicate Device                   Modified Device
                 K170090                      K183274
                RTHawk (ver 2.3.2)            RTHawk (ver 2.5.1)
                     HeartVista Cardiac Package        HeartVista Cardiac Package

 Indications for Use  RTHawk is an accessory to 1.5T   RTHawk is an accessory to 1.5T
                  and 3.0T whole-body magnetic     and 3.0T whole-body magnetic
                   resonance diagnostic devices       resonance diagnostic devices
               (MRDD or MR). It is intended to    (MRDD or MR). It is intended to
                     operate alongside, and in parallel    operate alongside, and in parallel
                        with, the existing MR console to      with, the existing MR console to
                     acquire traditional, real-time, and    acquire traditional, real-time, and
                     accelerated images. The            accelerated images. The
                     HeartVista Cardiac Package is a     HeartVista Cardiac Package is a
                        collection of RTHawk Apps           collection of RTHawk Apps
                    designed to acquire, reconstruct    designed to acquire, reconstruct
                  and display cardiovascular MR     and display cardiovascular MR
                 (CMR) images.                 (CMR) images.

                RTHawk produces static and      RTHawk produces static and
                   dynamic transverse, coronal,       dynamic transverse, coronal,
                          sagittal, and oblique                    sagittal, and oblique
                      cross-sectional images that display  cross-sectional images that display
                     the internal structures and/or        the internal structures and/or
                      functions of the entire body. The     functions of the entire body. The
                   images produced reflect the spatial  images produced reflect the spatial
                         distribution of nuclei exhibiting        distribution of nuclei exhibiting
                    magnetic resonance. The magnetic  magnetic resonance. The magnetic
                   resonance properties that          resonance properties that
                    determine image appearance are    determine image appearance are
                     proton density, spin-lattice          proton density, spin-lattice
                       relaxation time (T1), spin-spin        relaxation time (T1), spin-spin
                       relaxation time (T2) and flow. When  relaxation time (T2) and flow. When
                       interpreted by a trained physician,   interpreted by a trained physician,
                    these images provide information    these images provide information

          HeartVista, Inc.  • 4984 El Camino Real, Ste. 102, Los Altos, CA 94022 • (650) 800-7937 • www.heartvista.com
                                                              8/9

that may assist in the determination  that may assist in the determination
                        of a diagnosis.                        of a diagnosis.

                RTHawk is intended for use as an  RTHawk is intended for use as an
                    accessory to the following MRI      accessory to the following MRI
                    systems:                         systems:
                     Manufacturer: GE Healthcare       Manufacturer: GE Healthcare
                 (GEHC)                      (GEHC)
                       Field Strength: 1.5T and 3.0T        Field Strength: 1.5T and 3.0T
                   Scanner Software Versions: 12, 15, Scanner Software Versions: 12, 15,
                     16, 23, 24, 25                      16, 23, 24, 25, 26

 Magnetic Field       1.5T, 3.0T                          1.5T, 3.0T
 Strength(s)

 Imaging Planes      Transverse, Coronal, Sagittal,       Transverse, Coronal, Sagittal,
                     Oblique, Double Oblique            Oblique, Double Oblique

 Time Course       Yes                          Yes
 Imaging

 Parameter Mapping  T1, T2*                           T1, T2, T2*

 Ventricular Function  Free-Breathing and Breath-Held     Free-Breathing and Breath-Held

MDE                Free-Breathing and Breath-Held     Free-Breathing and Breath-Held

 Gated MRA        Yes                          Yes

 Black Blood        Yes                          Yes
 Imaging

SPAMM Tagging   No                           Yes

 Flow Imaging       Real-Time                        Real-Time, Multi-Slice, and 4D

 Remote Scanning   Yes                          Yes
 and Support

 Automated Scan   No                           Yes
 Planning

11.0 Conclusions

Based upon verification testing and compliance with voluntary standards, the Company believes
that RTHawk, and the HeartVista Cardiac Package, are substantially equivalent to the predicate
device, and do not raise any new questions of safety or effectiveness.


          HeartVista, Inc.  • 4984 El Camino Real, Ste. 102, Los Altos, CA 94022 • (650) 800-7937 • www.heartvista.com
                                                              9/9