GE Medical Systems, LLC.                                       August 12, 2019
℅ Camille Vidal
Director of Regulatory Affairs Strategy
3000 N. Grandview Blvd.
WAUKESHA WI 53188

Re: K183182
    Trade/Device Name: Critical Care Suite
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QFM
    Dated: July 12, 2019
    Received: July 12, 2019

Dear Camille Vidal:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K183182 - Camille Vidal                                                               Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                         and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K183182

Device Name
Critical Care Suite


Indications for Use (Describe)
Critical Care Suite is a computer aided triage and notification device that analyzes frontal chest x-ray images for the
presence of prespecified critical findings (pneumothorax). Critical Care Suite identifies images with critical findings to
enable case prioritization or triage in the PACS/workstation.

Critical Care Suite is intended for notification only and does not provide diagnostic information beyond the notification.
Critical Care Suite should not be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or solely relied upon to make or confirm a
diagnosis. It is not intended to replace the review of the x-ray image by a qualified physician.

Critical Care Suite is indicated for adult-size patients.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


                               510(k) Summary
                              K183182


In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:

             Date:  August 7th, 2019

         Submitter:  GE Medical Systems, LLC

                  3000 N. Grandview Blvd

                  Waukesha, WI 53188, USA

   Primary Contact  Camille Vidal
           Person:
                      Director of Regulatory Affairs Strategy

                GE Healthcare

                   240‐280‐5356

                    Camille.Vidal@ge.com

        Secondary  Diane Uriell
    Contact Person:
                     Regulatory Affairs Director

                GE Healthcare

                   262‐290‐8218

                    Diane.Uriell@ge.com

      Device Trade   Critical Care Suite
          Name:

   Common/Usual  Radiological Computer Assisted Triage and Notification Software
          Name:

       Classification  Class II, Radiological Computer Assisted Triage and Notification Software,
          Names:  21 CFR 892.2080
              QFM
     Product Code:

          Predicate  HealthPNX by Zebra Medical Vision, K190362
          Device(s):
                      Class II, 21 CFR 892.2080, Product code: QFM


                                             1/7

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


  Indications for use   Critical Care Suite is a computer aided triage and notification device that
                     analyzes frontal chest x‐ray images for the presence of prespecified
                           critical findings (pneumothorax). Critical Care Suite identifies images with
                           critical  findings  to  enable  case  prioritization  or  triage  in  the
                    PACS/workstation.


                          Critical Care Suite is intended for notification only and does not provide
                      diagnostic information beyond the notification. Critical Care Suite should
                    not be used in‐lieu of full patient evaluation or solely relied upon to make
                     or confirm a diagnosis. It is not intended to replace the review of the x‐
                     ray image by a qualified physician.


                          Critical Care Suite is indicated for adult‐size patients.

            Device   Critical Care Suite is a software module that employs AI‐based image
        Description:  analysis algorithms to identify pre‐specified critical findings
                   (pneumothorax) in frontal chest X‐ray images and flag the images in the
                    PACS/workstation to enable prioritized review by the radiologist.

                          Critical Care Suite employs a sequence of vendor and system agnostic AI
                     algorithms to ensure that the input images are suitable for the
                  pneumothorax detection algorithm and to detect the presence of
                  pneumothorax in frontal chest X‐rays:

                                        ‐ The Quality Care Suite algorithms conduct an automated check
                             to confirm that the input image is compatible with the
                         pneumothorax detection algorithm and that the lung field
                           coverage is adequate;

                                        ‐ the PTX Classifier determines whether a pneumothorax is
                            present in the image.

                                 If a pneumothorax is detected, Critical Care Suite enables case
                        prioritization or triage through direct communication of the Critical Care
                      Suite notification during image transfer to the PACS. It can also produce
                   a Secondary Capture DICOM Image that presents the AI results to the
                        radiologist.

               When deployed on a Digital Projection Radiographic Systems such as
                  Optima XR240amx, Critical Care Suite is automatically run after image
                       acquisition.  Quality  Care  Suite  algorithms  produce  an  on‐device
                       notification  if the  lung  field has  atypical  positioning  to  give the


                                             2/7

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


                      technologist the opportunity to make correction before sending the
                  image to the PACS. The Critical Care Suite output is then sent directly to
                 PACS upon exam closure where images with a suspicious finding are
                     flagged for prioritized review by the Radiologist.

                       In parallel, an on‐device, technologist notification is generated 15 minutes
                       after exam closure, indicating which cases were prioritized by Critical Care
                      Suite in PACS. The technologist notification is contextual and does not
                    provide  any  diagnostic  information. The  on‐device,  technologist
                       notification is not intended to inform any clinical decision, prioritization,
                     or action.

                  The  Digital  Projection  Radiographic System  intended use remains
                  unchanged in that the system is used for general purpose diagnostic
                     radiographic imaging.


   Predicate Device
                                    Critical Care Suite               HealthPNX (K190362)
      Comparison
    Device classification   Radiological Computer Assisted Triage and        Radiological Computer Assisted Triage and
                               Notification software,                             Notification software,
                            Class II, QFM                                   Class II, QFM

       Targeted clinical   Pneumothorax                             Pneumothorax
     condition, anatomy   Chest/Lung                                  Chest/Lung
         and modality   Frontal Chest X-ray                          Chest X-ray

        Input Validation   Quality Care Suite algorithms conduct an         Validation feature of HealthPNX verifies that
                        automated check to confirm image is             input age, modality and view to ensure
                           compatible with processing algorithm (age,       compatibility with processing algorithm.
                               frontal chest, lung field)

                                                                                      In case of failure during data validation, system
                              Atypical lung field positioning generates
                                                                        outputs an error code.
                               notifications on the X-ray system and
                          Secondary Capture DICOM Image when
                            generated.

          Algorithm for   AI algorithm designed to detect pneumothorax   AI algorithm designed to detect pneumothorax
        Pneumothorax    in frontal chest X-ray images                        in chest X-ray images.
              detection
                                  Critical Care Suite uses a vendor agnostic
                                                                  HealthPNX employs a vendor agnostic
                            algorithm compatible with DICOM frontal
                                                                           algorithm compatible with DICOM chest X-ray
                           chest X-ray images acquired on fixed or mobile
                                                                          images.
                           systems.

        Computational    Critical Care Suite is designed as a software      Cloud-based computation upon transfer to
              Platform   module that can be deployed on several        PACS of image
                         computing and X-ray imaging platforms such
                          as Digital Projection Radiographic Systems,
                         PACS, On Premise or On Cloud.


                                             3/7

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


   Predicate Device
                                    Critical Care Suite               HealthPNX (K190362)
      Comparison


                                          It processes images within seconds of image
                              acquisition when deployed on Digital
                             Projection Radiographic Systems.
   Device output in case    Critical Care Suite enables case prioritization     Integration module notifies the
    of positive detection   or triage through direct communication of the    PACS/workstation for prioritization through
                                  Critical Care Suite notification during image      the worklist interface.
                              transfer to the PACS.

                                                        No markup on original image
                     No markup on original image

                      Upon image acquisition on a Digital Projection
                           Radiographic System, an on-device,
                             technologist notification is generated 15
                          minutes after exam closure, indicating which
                           cases were prioritized by Critical Care Suite in
                         PACS. The technologist notification is
                            contextual and does not provide any
                             diagnostic information. The on-device,
                             technologist notification is not intended to
                           inform any clinical decision, prioritization, or
                               action.
            Notification:   Passive notification to radiologist. Images with    Passive notification to radiologist. Images with
   Recipient, timing and   suspicion of pneumothorax are flagged in         suspicion of pneumothorax are flagged in
  means of notification   PACS/workstation.                            PACS/workstation.


    Performance level –  Exams arrive on PACS with the passive           Passive notification is visible upon transfer to
   timing of notification   notification already incorporated, therefore      the PACS with a delay of about 22 seconds for
                            there is no delay for image transfer or          image transfer to the cloud, computation and
                           computation. The worklist prioritization           results transfer.
                        happens immediately once the exam is
                            received on the PACS.
    Performance level –  ROC AUC > 0.95                       ROC AUC > 0.95
            accuracy of   AUC: 0.9607 (95% CI [0.9491, 0.9724])          AUC: 0.983 (95% CI [0.9740, 0.9902]),
            classification   Specificity 93.5% (95% CI [91.1%, 95.8%])          Specificity: 93%
                                Sensitivity 84.3% (95% CI [80.6%, 88.0%])          Sensitivity: 93%

                    AUC on large pneumothorax 0.9888 (95% CI       Stratified results on small vs. large
                              [0.9810, 0.9965])                           pneumothorax not assessed.
                                Sensitivity on large pneumothorax 96.3% (95%
                              CI [93.3%, 99.2%]

                    AUC on small pneumothorax 0.9389 (95% CI
                              [0.9209, 0.9570])
                                Sensitivity on small pneumothorax 75% (95%
                              CI [69.2%, 80.8%])


   Clinical and Non‐
                Summary of Non‐Clinical Tests:
        Clinical Tests
                          Critical Care Suite contains a set of AI algorithms that resides within a
                    software module that has been designed to be integrated within several
                   computing and imaging platforms, such as the Optima XR240amx.


                                             4/7

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


                  The following quality assurance measures were applied to the
                   development of Critical Care Suite and deployment onto the Optima
                 XR240amx system:

                     Risk Analysis

                    Requirements Reviews

                    Design Reviews

                     Testing on unit level (Module verification)

                     Integration testing (System verification)

                    Performance testing (Verification)

                     Safety testing (Verification)

                     Simulated use testing (Validation)

                          Critical Care Suite specific verification was conducted to demonstrate
                    proper implementation of Critical Care Suite software design
                     requirements.

                     Regression testing of the Optima XR 240amx feature functionality was
                   conducted to verify proper integration of the Critical Care Suite into the
                  Optima XR240amx software and device. Validation was performed on
                  Optima XR240amx with integrated Critical Care Suite.

                  The test plans have been executed with acceptable results.


                   Timing Performance

                       Internal bench testing was conducted with and without Critical Care
                      Suite integrated within the Optima XR240amx. The average time to
                      acquire, annotate, process and transfer an image from the x‐ray system
                     to PACS was measured and found to take 42 seconds on average.
                  Whether Critical Care Suite was on or off did not make a statistical
                      difference in the timing. This shows that Critical Care Suite has no timing
                    impact on image acquisition, processing, annotation and transfer to
                 PACS as compared to standard of care when measured in the same
                      conditions.

                     Since the image arrives on PACS with the passive notification already
                     incorporated, the worklist prioritization happens immediately once the
                  image is received on the PACS.


                                             5/7

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


                  The timing of the processing and prioritization is well within the clinical
                     operational expectations of standard chest radiographic exam and its
                     reading by radiologists.

                    According to Gaskin, Cree M., et al. "Impact of a Reading Priority Scoring
                   System on the Prioritization of Examination Interpretations." American
                      Journal of Roentgenology 206.5 (2016): 1031‐1039 and Rachh, Pratik, et
                            al. "Reducing STAT Portable Chest Radiograph Turnaround Times: A Pilot
                      Study." Current problems in diagnostic radiology (2017), the estimated
                    average Report Turnaround Time for non‐prioritized or ineffectively
                        prioritized exams is between 7.23 hours and 8.67 hours.

                      Incorporating the Critical Care Suite passive notification to help
                       radiologists prioritize their exam reads would drastically reduce this
                    turnaround time for the cases that have been flagged by Critical Care
                      Suite as compared to standard of care (First‐In, First‐Out).


                Summary of Clinical Evaluation:

                          Critical Care Suite was evaluated on a dataset of 804 frontal chest X‐rays
                      collected in North America and representative of the intended
                     population. The algorithm prediction is compared to the ground truth
                      established by 3 independent US‐board certified radiologists. The
                     algorithm ROC AUC meets the performance requirement of FDA product
                  code QFM (AUC>95%): AUC=96% (95% CI [94.9% ‐ 97.2%]) (PTX present:
                   N=376; PTX absent: N=428). Stratified analyses showed consistent
                   performance across image view (AP/PA), system manufacturer (GE/non‐
                   GE) and data sources.

                          Critical Care Suite performs at high specificity 93.5% (95% CI [91.1% ‐
                     95.8%]) and high sensitivity 84.3% (95% CI [80.6% – 88.0%]). Stratified
                       analysis by pneumothorax size shows that nearly all large
                  pneumothoraces are detected (96.3% with 95% CI [93.3% ‐ 99.2%])
                     while 3 out 4 small pneumothoraces are detected (75% with 95% CI
                    [69.2% ‐ 80.8%]) with limited false notifications thanks to the high
                          specificity.

        Substantial   Critical Care Suite and HealthPNX are software devices intended to aid in
       Equivalence   triage and prioritization of radiological images. Both devices use artificial
        Discussion:   intelligence algorithms to identify suspicious findings suggestive of
                  pneumothorax in chest X‐ray images. Both devices are intended to


                                             6/7

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


                       notify the radiologist by producing a passive notification in the form of a
                    case level flag in the PACS/workstation.

                          Critical Care Suite, when deployed on a Digital Projection Radiographic
                    System, generates an on‐device, technologist notification 15 minutes
                       after exam closure, indicating which cases were prioritized by Critical
                    Care Suite in PACS. The technologist notification is contextual and does
                    not provide any diagnostic information. The on‐device, technologist
                       notification is not intended to inform any clinical decision, prioritization,
                     or action.

                  The predicate and proposed devices use similar artificial intelligence
                    techniques to process radiological images. Specifically, the proposed and
                     predicate software utilize a deep learning algorithm trained on
                   annotated medical images. Both trained algorithms achieve the high
                     accuracy performance requirement for product code QFM (ROC AUC
                     >0.95) in the detection of pneumothorax in a representative image
                     dataset withheld for testing. Critical Care Suite and HealthPNX operates
                      at high specificity and high sensitivity.

                          Critical Care Suite was shown to have no impact on timing of image
                       acquisition, processing, annotation and transfer to PACS as compared to
                    standard of care. Exams arrive on PACS with the passive notification
                     already incorporated, therefore there is no delay for image transfer or
                    computation. The worklist prioritization happens immediately once the
                 exam is received on the PACS. In comparison, HealthPNX, reports a delay
                      of about 22 seconds for results to appear in the PACS worklist.

                  The differences between Critical Care Suite and HealthPNX do not raise
                new type of safety and effectiveness question.

                       Non‐clinical and clinical testing shows that Critical Care Suite delivers
                       effective triage by accurately detecting cases with pneumothorax and
                     generating a passive notification in the PACS/workstation as soon as the
                  image is available for review in the PACS. Radiologists can easily identify
                   images that will benefit from prioritized review, leading to reduced turn‐
                   around time.

                          Critical Care Suite was found to be substantially equivalent to
                    HealthPNX.


                                             7/7