Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                          June 13, 2019
℅ Flair Bar
VP Operations
Shefayim Commercial Center, PO Box 25
Shefayim, 6099000
ISRAEL

Re: K190424
    Trade/Device Name: HealthICH
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: May 14, 2019
    Received: May 17, 2019

Dear Flair Bar:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K190424 - Flair Bar                                                                   Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K190424

Device Name
HealthICH


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Zebra Head CT triage device is a software workflow tool designed to aid the clinical assessment of adult non-contrast
head CT cases with features suggestive of intracranial hemorrhage in the medical care environment. HealthICH analyzes
cases using an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify suspected findings.  It makes case-level output available to a
PACS/workstation for worklist prioritization or triage. HealthICH is not intended to direct attention to specific portions
of an image or to anomalies other than intracranial hemorrhage. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone
basis for clinical decision-making nor is it intended to rule out hemorrhage or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of
CT cases.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

5. 510 (k) Summary

                          510(K) Summary - HealthICH
                          Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.

                               510(k) Number – K190424


     I.     Applicant’s Name:     Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.
                    Shefayim Commercial Center
               PO Box 25
                     Shefayim, 6099000
                ISRAEL
                     Telephone: +972-9-8827795
                      Fax: +972-9-8827795

         Date Prepared:       May 14, 2019

    II.    Device

Trade Name:            HealthICH

Classification Name:
Radiological Computer-Assisted Triage and Notification Software

Regulation Number:
892.2080

Classification:
Class II, Radiology
Product Code:
QAS

     III.    Predicate Device:

The HealthICH device is substantially equivalent to the following device:

 Proprietary Name        Accipiolx
 Premarket Notification   K182177
 Classification Name      Radiological Computer-Assisted Triage and Notification
                         Software
 Regulation Number      21 CFR 892.2080
 Product Code        QAS
 Regulatory Class            II

    IV.    Device Description


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                               5-1

Zebra’s HealthICH solution is a software product that automatically identifies suspected finding
suggestive of Intracranial Hemorrhage and notifies the PACS/workstation of the presence of this
critical finding in the scan. This notification allows for worklist prioritization of the identified scan
and assists clinicians in viewing the prioritized scan before others. The device aim is to aid in the
prioritization and triage of radiological medical images only.

Zebra’s HealthICH Triage Device uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze CT scans.
The HealthICH is indicated for the analysis of non-contrast head CT scans. The algorithm output
does not include an image and therefore it does not mark, highlight or direct users’ attention to a
specific location on the original CT scan.

The Zebra’s HealthICH device works in parallel to and in conjunction with the standard of care
workflow. After a head CT scan has been performed, a copy of the study is automatically retrieved
and processed by the HealthICH device. The device performs the analysis of the study and return
a  notification  about  a  suspected  finding  suggestive  of  Intracranial Hemorrhage  to  the
PACS/workstation which prioritizes it through its worklist interface. The clinician is then able to
review the study earlier than in standard of care workflow.

The primary benefit of the product is the ability to reduce the time it takes to notify physician to
the presence of a critical finding such as suspected Intracranial Hemorrhage in the head CT scan.

The software does not recommend treatment or provide a diagnosis. It is designed as tool to assist
the medical staff and hospital networks in workflow triaging by highlighting and prioritizing
studies containing suspected findings. The final diagnosis is provided by a radiologist or other
qualified physician after examining the original scan as determined by the clinical standard of care.
The software is intended for use by radiologists and other qualified medical staff who read head
CT scans on a regular basis

The following modules compose the HealthICH software:
Data input and validation: Following retrieval of a study, the validation feature assessed the
input data (i.e. age, modality, view) to ensure compatibility for processing by the algorithm.
HealthICH algorithm: Once a study has been validated, the algorithm analyzes the head CT for
identification of suspected finding suggestive of intracranial hemorrhage.
IMA Integration feature:
HealthICH interacts with users through the PACS/workstation via the Zebra Imaging Analytics
platform (IMA). It does not have a Graphical User Interface (GUI). The HealthICH sends the
results of the study analysis to the Zebra Imaging Analytics Platform, which then distributes the
HealthICH results to the PACS/workstation for prioritization
Error codes feature: In the case of a study failure during data validation or the analysis by the
algorithm, an error is provided to the Zebra Imaging Analytics Platform


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                               5-2

V.     Intended Use/Indication for Use:

The Zebra Head CT triage device is a software workflow tool designed to aid the clinical
assessment  of  adult  non-contrast head CT cases with  features suggestive  of  intracranial
hemorrhage in the medical care environment.  HealthICH analyzes cases using an artificial
intelligence algorithm to identify suspected findings.  It makes case-level output available to a
PACS/workstation for worklist prioritization or triage.  HealthICH is not intended to direct
attention to specific portions of an image or to anomalies other than intracranial hemorrhage. Its
results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making nor is it
intended to rule out hemorrhage or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CT cases.

    VI. Comparison of Technological Characteristics Compared to Predicate Device:

The technological characteristics, e.g., overall design, mechanism of action, mode of operation,
performance characteristics, etc., and the intended use of the HealthICH device are substantially
equivalent to the predicate device cited above.

A comparison of the technological characteristics with the predicate device is summarized below.

  Technological         Proposed Device:            Predicate Device:    Summary
  Characteristics          HealthICH              Accipiolx (K182177)
 Intended Use     The Zebra Head CT triage device is   AccipioIx is a software      Same
                    a software workflow tool designed   workflow tool designed to
                       to aid the clinical assessment of       aid in prioritizing the clinical
                      adult non-contrast head CT cases     assessment of adult nonwith features suggestive of            contrast head CT cases with
                        intracranial hemorrhage in the         features suggestive of acute
                    medical care                            intracranial hemorrhage in
                    environment. HealthICH analyzes    the acute care environment.
                     cases using an artificial intelligence   AccipioIx analyzes cases
                     algorithm to identify suspected       using an artificial intelligence
                       findings.  It makes case-level output  algorithm to identify
                      available to a PACS/workstation for  suspected findings.  It makes
                      worklist prioritization or triage.       case-level output available to
                  HealthICH is not intended to direct   a PACS/workstation for
                       attention to specific portions of an     worklist prioritization or
                  image or to anomalies other than       triage.
                        intracranial hemorrhage. Its results    AccipioIx is not intended to
                      are not intended to be used on a       direct attention to specific
                     stand-alone basis for clinical          portions of an image or to
                    decision-making nor is it intended    anomalies other than acute
                       to rule out hemorrhage or otherwise   intracranial hemorrhage. Its
                     preclude clinical assessment of CT    results are not intended to be
                       cases.                             used on a stand-alone basis
                                                               for clinical decision-making
                                                       nor is it intended to rule out
                                                   hemorrhage or otherwise


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                               5-3

preclude clinical assessment
                                                           of CT cases.
 Notification-     Yes                        Yes                   Same
 only, parallel
 workflow
 tool
 User              Prespecified clinical users         Prespecified clinical users   Same
                      (clinicians)                          (clinicians)
 Radiological    DICOM                DICOM               Same
 images format
 Identify patients  Yes                        Yes                   Same
 with
 prespecified
 clinical
 condition
 Clinical            Intracranial hemorrhage            Intracranial hemorrhage    Same
 condition
 Alert to finding   Yes; flagged for review          Yes; flagged for review    Same
 Independent of    Yes; No cases are removed       Yes; No cases are removed  Same
 standard of care   from worklist                  from worklist
 workflow
 Modality      CT                    CT                   Same
 Body part       Head                       Head                  Same
 Artificial        Yes                        Yes                   Same
 Intelligence
 algorithm
 Limited to       Yes                        Yes                   Same
 analysis of
 imaging data
 Aids prompt     Yes                        Yes                   Same
 identification of
 cases with
 indicated
 findings
 Where results   PACS / Workstation          PACS / Workstation       Same
 are received


    VII.    Performance Data:

The HealthICH has been evaluated and verified in accordance with software specifications and
applicable performance standards through Software Development and Validation & Verification
Process to ensure performance according to specifications, User Requirements and Federal
Regulations and Guidance documents, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for
Software Contained in Medical Devices”.


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                               5-4

The performance of the HealthICH device has been validated in retrospective stand-alone
performance study that was carried out in a simulated synthetics work-flow consisting of truthed
validation data. The data included a retrospective cohort of 427 anonymized head CT cases from
USA and Israel, including intracranial hemorrhage positive (n=199) and negative cases (n=228),
as well as confounding imaging factors. The data included cases of both genders (Male N=242,
Female N=185) and subjects aging from 18-102 years old.

The validation set was truthed (ground truth) by two US Board Certified neuro-radiologists
(truthers). In the event that the two ground truthers did not agree, a third, more senior US Board
Certified neuro-radiologist reviewed the axial CT series and determined ground truth (presence or
absence of ICH). The stand-alone detection accuracy was measured on this cohort respective to
ground truth. The triage effectiveness was evaluated by the standalone per-case processing time of
the device.

The standalone performance testing demonstrated the substantial equivalence of the HealthICH
software effectiveness as compared to the predicate device (Accipiolx, K182177). Specifically,
the HealthICH triage time (per-case “processing time”) was reported as an average 48.67 seconds
(95% CI: 47.06, 50.28). This is similar to that reported by the predicate (4.1 minutes (95% CI: 3.8-
4.3 minutes).

Additionally, the HealthICH triage accuracy was similar to that reported by the predicate
(HealthICH sensitivity and specificity of 94.47% (95% CI: 90.32-97.21%) and 92.54% (95% CI:
88.33-95.60%), respectively, and predicate sensitivity and specificity of 92% (95% CI: 87.29-
95.68%) and 86% (95% CI: 80.18-90.81%), respectively). Furthermore, the subject device had a
reported overall agreement of 93% (95% CI: 90.66, 95.60) compared to the ground truth, as
calculated for the cohort of 199 ICH-positive and 228 ICH-negative cases (N=427). Users should
note that in clinical practice, the ratio between positive and negative cases varies due to the natural
prevalence, and therefore overall agreement may differ. No adverse events were reported.

The performance testing of the HealthICH device establishes that the subject device is both safe
and effective. This established that the HealthICH device meets its intended use statement and is
substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


    VIII.   Conclusion:

The subject HealthICH device and the Accipiolx predicate device are both software-only devices
intended to aid in triage of radiological images, independent of standard of care workflow. The
labeling of both devices are limited to the categorization of exams and are not to be used in-lieu
of full patient evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm diagnosis.

Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not
change the original image, do not provide any marking, and do not remove cases from the standard
of care. The minor differences between the subject device and the predicate raise no new issues of
safety or effectiveness. In addition, performance testing demonstrates that the HealthICH performs


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                               5-5

———«_ @ zebra
as intended. The HealthICH device is therefore substantially equivalent to the Accipiolx predicate
device.
Zebra Medical Vision Ltd. 5-6