Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                May 6, 2019
℅ Flair Bar
VP Operations
Shefayim Commercial Center, PO Box 25
Shefayim, 6099000
ISRAEL

Re: K190362
    Trade/Device Name: HealthPNX
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer-aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QFM
    Dated: April 2, 2019
    Received: April 5, 2019

Dear Flair Bar:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 3 . 0 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K190362 - Flair Bar                                                                   Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good
manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820)
for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if
applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-
1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and
Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website
(http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone
(1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                              Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                          and Radiological Health
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K190362
Device Name
HealthPNX
Indications for Use (Describe)
The Zebra Pneumothorax device is a software workflow tool designed to aid the clinical assessment of adult Chest X-Ray
cases with features suggestive of Pneumothorax in the medical care environment. HealthPNX analyzes cases using an
artificial intelligence algorithm to identify suspected findings. It makes case-level output available to a PACS/workstation
for worklist prioritization or triage. HealthPNX is not intended to direct attention to specific portions or anomalies of an
image. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making nor is it intended to rule
out Pneumothorax or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of X-Ray cases.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510 (k) Summary

                          510(K) Summary - HealthPNX
                           Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.

                              510(k) Number – K190362


      I.      Applicant’s Name:        Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.
                                              Flair Bar
                               Shefayim Commercial Center
                       PO Box 25
                                 Shefayim, 6099000
                          ISRAEL
                                 Telephone: +972-9-8827795
                                  Fax: +972-9-8827795

         Date Prepared:          April 28, 2019

     II.     Device

        Trade Name:           HealthPNX


          Classification Name:
          Radiological Computer Aided Triage and Notification Software

         Regulation Number:
        21 CFR 892.2080

          Classification:
          Class II, Radiology

        Product Code:
      QFM

     III.     Predicate Device


The HealthPNX device is substantially equivalent to the following device:

 Proprietary Name        cmTriage
 Premarket Notification   K183285
 Classification Name      Radiological Computer-Assisted Prioritization Software
 Regulation Number      21 CFR 892.2080
 Product Code       QFM
 Regulatory Class            II


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                 CONFIDENTIAL                              1

IV.    Device Description:

Zebra’s HealthPNX is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software system.
The software automatically analyzes PA/AP chest x-rays and alerts the PACS/workstation once
findings suspicious of pneumothorax are identified.

The following modules compose the HealthPNX software system:

Data input and validation: After a chest x-ray has been performed, a copy of the study is
automatically retrieved and processed by the HealthPNX device. Following retrieval of a study,
the validation feature assesses the input data (i.e. age, modality, view) to ensure compatibility for
processing by the algorithm.
HealthPNX algorithm: Once a study has been validated, the algorithm analyzes the frontal chest
x-ray for detection of suspected findings suggestive of pneumothorax.
IMA Integration feature: The study analysis and the results of a successful study analysis is
provided to IMA, that notifies the PACS/workstation for prioritization through the worklist
interface.
Error codes feature: In the case of a study failure during data validation or the analysis by the
algorithm, an error is provided to the system.

The radiologist is then able to review the study earlier than in standard of care workflow.
In summary, the HealthPNX device is intended to provide a passive notification through the
PACS/workstation to the radiologists indicating the existence of a case that may potentially benefit
from the prioritization. It doesn't output an image and therefore it does not mark, highlight, or
direct users’ attention to a specific location on the original chest X ray.
The device aim is to aid in prioritization and triage of radiological medical images only.


    V.     Intended Use/Indication for Use

The Zebra Pneumothorax device  is a software workflow tool designed to aid the clinical
assessment of adult Chest X-Ray cases with features suggestive of Pneumothorax in the medical
care environment. HealthPNX analyzes cases using an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify
suspected  findings.     It makes  case-level  output  available  to  a  PACS/workstation  for
worklist prioritization or triage.  HealthPNX  is not intended to direct attention to specific
portions or anomalies of an image. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis
for clinical decision-making nor is it intended to rule out Pneumothorax or otherwise preclude
clinical assessment of X-Ray cases.


    VI. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

The technological characteristics are compared below.

Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                 CONFIDENTIAL                              2

Technological         HealthPNX                 Predicate: cmTriage           Similarities or
Characteristics                                      (K183285)                 Differences

Indication for use  The Zebra Pneumothorax     cmTriage is a passive notification     Similar except to
                  device is a software            for prioritization-only, parallel-       anatomy, imaging
                workflow tool designed to    workflow software tool used by       modality and lesion
                                                                                          type                   aid the clinical assessment     radiologists to prioritize specific
                  of adult Chest X-Ray cases    patients within the standard-of-care
                 with features suggestive of   image worklist for 2D FFDM
                Pneumothorax in the          screening mammograms.
                 medical care environment.    cmTriage uses an artificial
               HealthPNX analyzes cases    intelligence algorithm to analyze
                  using an artificial         2D FFDM screening mammograms
                    intelligence algorithm to     and flags those that are suggestive
                    identify suspected findings.   of the presence of at least one
                          It makes case-level output     suspicious finding at the exam
                   available to a                    level.
                PACS/workstation for       These flags are viewed by the
                   worklist prioritization or       radiologist via their Picture
                      triage. HealthPNX is not     Archiving and Communication
                  intended to direct attention   System (PACS) worklist. The
                    to specific portions of an      decision to use cmTriage codes and
                image or to anomalies other  how to use cmTriage   codes is
                  than Pneumothorax. Its        ultimately up to the radiologist.
                                              cmTriage does not send a proactive                     results are not intended to
                                                              alert directly to the radiologist.                be used on a stand-alone
                                                     Radiologists are responsible for
                    basis for clinical decision-                                                 reviewing each exam on a diagnostic
               making nor is it intended to                                                 viewer according to the current
                    rule out Pneumothorax or                                                    standard of care. cmTriage is limited to
                  otherwise preclude clinical    the categorization of exams, does not
                 assessment of X-Ray cases    provide any diagnostic information
                                             beyond triage and prioritization, does
                                                    not remove images from the
                                                         radiologist’s worklist, and should not
                                              be used in lieu of full patient
                                                       evaluation, or relied upon to make or
                                                 confirm diagnosis.
                                              cmTriage is for prescription use only.
Notification-only,  Yes                       Yes                            Same
parallel workflow
tool
User                Radiologist                     Radiologist                      Same

Radiological     DICOM               DICOM                        Same
images format


  Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                 CONFIDENTIAL                              3

Identify patients    Yes                       Yes                            Same
with prespecified
clinical condition
Clinical condition  Pneumothorax                  Breast Cancer                            Different but are
                                                                                         “time sensitive
                                                                                   imaging” per 21CFR
                                                                                   892.2080
Alert to finding     Passive notification flagged for  Passive notification flagged for review  Same
                   review
Independent of     Yes; No cases are removed      Yes; No cases are removed           Same
standard of care    from worklist                from worklist
workflow
Modality         X-Ray                FFDM screening mammograms          Different but both run
                                                                             on “radiological
                                                                                     medical images” per
                                                                             21 CFR 892.2080
Body part          Chest                          Breast                                   Different anatomical
                                                                                                              sites but both
                                                                                       “operates on
                                                                                              radiological images of
                                                                                               the human body” per
                                                                             21 CFR 892.2080
Artificial         Yes                       Yes                            Same
Intelligence
algorithm
Limited to        Yes                       Yes                            Same
analysis of
imaging data
Aids prompt       Yes                       Yes                            Same
identification of
cases with
indicated findings
Where results are  PACS / Workstation         PACS / Workstation               Same
received

      VII.   Performance Data

 The HealthPNX has been evaluated and verified in accordance with software specifications and
  applicable performance standards through Software Development and Validation & Verification
  Process to ensure performance according to specifications, User Requirements and Federal
  Regulations and Guidance documents, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for
  Software Contained in Medical Devices”.

 The performance of the HealthPNX device has been validated in a pivotal performance study that
 was carried out in the USA with simulated synthetic work-flow consisting of a truthed validation
  data-set. The data included a retrospective cohort of 588 anonymized Chest X-Ray cases from the
 USA and Israel, including pneumothorax positive (n=146) and negative cases (n=442), as well as

  Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                 CONFIDENTIAL                              4

confounding imaging factors. The validation data set was truthed (ground truth) by three US Board
Certified Radiologists (truthers). The stand-alone detection accuracy was measured on this cohort
respective to ground truth. The triage effectiveness was evaluated by three different US Board
Certified Radiologists (readers)  that read these cases prospectively  in  real time with the
HealthPNX device (HealthPNX prioritized work-list) and without (standard of care, “First-inFirst-out” or “FIFO” queue) with a washout period separating between the two read periods with
and without the HealthPNX device.

The detection accuracy met the a-priori performance goal (above 80% level of accuracy compared
with ground truth). Overall, the HealthPNX was able to demonstrate an area under the curve
(AUC) of 98.3% (95% CI: [97.40%, 99.02%]), which is substantially equivalent to the predicate
device, and meets the required performance goal for QFM product code. Additionally, the overall
agreement between HealthPNX device and ground truth was 93.03% (95% CI: [90.66%, 94.95%]).
The sensitivity and specificity of the HealthPNX was 93.15% (95% CI: [87.76%, 96.67%]) and
92.99% (95% CI: [90.19%, 95.19%])(n=588), respectively.

The HealthPNX reduced triage time as compared to the standard of care (mean time 8.05 minutes
(95% CI: [5.93, 10.16] minutes) vs. 68.98 minutes (95% CI: [60.53, 77.43] minutes)(n=588), with
the HealthPNX compare to standard of care, respectively). This  is a statistically significant
reduction of triage time of time sensitive images. This establishes that the HealthPNX meets its
intended use statement and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

In addition, we assessed the performance time of the HealthPNX that reflects the time it takes for
the device to analyze the study and send a notification to the PACS worklist. The average
performance time of the HealthPNX was 22.1 seconds, a timing performance that is substantially
equivalent to the predicate (3.35 minutes).

VIII. Conclusion
The subject HealthPNX device and the cmTriage predicate device are both software-only devices
intended to aid in triage of radiological images, independent of standard of care workflow. The
labeling of both devices are limited to the categorization of exams and are not to be used in-lieu
of full patient evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm diagnosis.

Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not
change the original image, do not provide any marking, and do not remove cases from the standard
of care. The minor differences between the subject device and the predicate raise no new issues of
safety or effectiveness. In addition, performance  testing demonstrates  that the HealthPNX
performs as intended . The HealthPNX device is therefore substantially equivalent to the cmTriage
predicate.


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                 CONFIDENTIAL                              5