iRhythm Technologies, Inc.
Gabrielle Logan
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
650 Townsend Street, Ste 500
San Francisco, California 94103

Re: K190593
    Trade/Device Name: Zio® ECG Utilization Service (ZEUS) System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1425
    Regulation Name: Programmable diagnostic computer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: DQK
    Dated: July 19, 2019
    Received: July 23, 2019

Dear Gabrielle Logan:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K190593 - Gabrielle Logan                                                             Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                            Nicole Goodsell
                                                Assistant Director (Acting)
                                              External Heart Rhythm and Rate Devices Team
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology, Diagnostics and
                                           Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K190593

Device Name
Zio® ECG Utilization Service (ZEUS) System


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Zio ECG Utilization Service (ZEUS) System is intended to analyze and report symptomatic and asymptomatic
cardiac events and continuous electrocardiogram information for long-term monitoring. After patient monitoring by Zio
XT or Zio AT Patch, a final report is generated based on the beat-to-beat information from the entire ECG recording. It is
indicated for use on patients 18 years or older who may be asymptomatic or who may suffer from transient symptoms
such as palpitations, shortness of breath, dizziness, light-headedness, pre-syncope, syncope, fatigue, or anxiety and
patients who are asymptomatic. The reports are provided for review by the intended user to render a diagnosis based on
clinical judgment and experience. It is not intended for use on critical care patients.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

iRhythm Technologies, Inc.                               Zio® ECG Utilization Service (ZEUS) System
                                                               Response to AI Hold Letter
Section 1b
510(k) Summary                                                                K190593


                               510(k) Notification K190593

I.     General Information

       Applicant:
      iRhythm Technologies, Inc.
      650 Townsend Street, Suite 500
      San Francisco, CA 94103, USA
      Phone: 415-632-5700
       Fax: 415-632-5701

       Contact Person:
       Gabrielle Logan
        Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist
      Phone: 415-214-7092
       Email: glogan@irhythmtech.com

      Date Prepared: August 22, 2019

II.     Device Information

      Trade Name:
       Zio® ECG Utilization Service (ZEUS) System

      Generic/Common Name:
      Programmable diagnostic computer

        Classification Names:
      Programmable diagnostic computer [21CFR§870.1425]
       Regulatory Class:
       Class II

      Product Codes:
     DQK

III.    Predicate Devices
      The following predicate device has been selected:
     −  iRhythm Technologies, Inc. Zio® AT ECG Monitoring System [K181502]

     No reference devices were used in this submission.


                                                                      Page 1 of 4

iRhythm Technologies, Inc.                               Zio® ECG Utilization Service (ZEUS) System
                                                               Response to AI Hold Letter
Section 1b
510(k) Summary                                                                K190593

IV.     Indications for Use
      The Zio ECG Utilization Service (ZEUS) System is intended to analyze and report
      symptomatic and asymptomatic cardiac events and continuous electrocardiogram
       information for long-term monitoring. After patient monitoring by Zio XT or Zio AT
       Patch, a final report is generated based on the beat-to-beat information from the entire
     ECG recording. It is indicated for use on patients 18 years or older who may be
      asymptomatic or who may suffer from transient symptoms such as palpitations,
       shortness of breath, dizziness, light-headedness, pre-syncope, syncope, fatigue, or
       anxiety and patients who are asymptomatic. The reports are provided for review by the
       intended user to render a diagnosis based on clinical judgment and experience. It is not
       intended for use on critical care patients.

V.     Device Description
      The ZEUS System is an electrocardiogram (ECG) processing and analysis system,
       designed to handle continuously recorded, single‐lead ECG data. It downloads, stores,
       analyzes and aggregates the ECG data for a Certified Cardiographic Technician (CCT) to
       review and generate a report of the findings contained within the data; thereby
       enabling the provision of a complete ECG processing and analysis service.

      Automated ECG analysis performance was quantified for any claimed analysis metrics.
      The resulting statistics demonstrate sensitivity and positive predictivity levels which
        satisfy requirements and minimize safety or efficacy concerns.


                                                                         Page 2 of 4

iRhythm Technologies, Inc.                               Zio® ECG Utilization Service (ZEUS) System
                                                               Response to AI Hold Letter
Section 1b
510(k) Summary                                                                K190593

VI.    Substantial Equivalence
      The proposed indications for use statement for the Zio Utilization Service (ZEUS) System
          is substantially equivalent to the intended use in the cleared Indications for Use
      statement for the predicate device. The performance testing results demonstrate that
       the differences in the technological characteristics between the devices do not raise any
     new issues of safety or efficacy. Therefore, the ZEUS System is determined to be
        substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

VII.    Nonclinical Testing in Support of Substantial Equivalence Determination
      There are no required FDA performance standards for the ZEUS System. Overall system
      performance testing was conducted as part of the verification activities on incremental
      changes to the ZEUS System to ensure performance as intended per specifications and
       to support a determination of substantial equivalence to the predicate device.

       Nonclinical testing included:

       •  System performance testing
       •  Software verification testing

      The results confirm by examination and provision of objective evidence that the design
       output met the design input requirements in conformance with the following list of
       recognized consensus standards:

       Table 1: FDA-Recognized Consensus Standards & Guidance Document Summary
       FDA#   Body     Number / Version                 Title
        5-70   AAMI      14971:2007(R)2010            Medical Devices – Applications Of Risk
               ANSI ISO   (Corrected 4 October 2017)    Management To Medical Devices
        3-127  AAMI      60601-2-47:2012              Medical Electrical Equipment -- Part 2-
               ANSI IEC                                   47: Particular Requirements For The
                                                               Basic Safety And Essential Performance
                                                      Of Ambulatory Electrocardiographic
                                                      Systems
        3-118  AAMI      EC57:2012                      Testing And Reporting Performance
               ANSI                                        Results Of Cardiac Rhythm And STSegment Measurement Algorithms
       N/A     U.S. FDA   October 2, 2014              Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff –
                                                       Content of Premarket Submissions for
                                               Management of Cybersecurity in
                                                        Medical Devices

     No clinical testing was performed in support of this premarket notification.


                                                                         Page 3 of 4

iRhythm Technologies, Inc.                               Zio® ECG Utilization Service (ZEUS) System
                                                               Response to AI Hold Letter
Section 1b
510(k) Summary                                                                K190593

VIII.   Conclusion
      The ZEUS System is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                                        Page 4 of 4