September 11, 2019

BrainScope Company, Inc.
Michael Singer
CEO
4330 East West Highway, Suite #1000
Bethesda, Maryland 20814

Re: K190815
    Trade/Device Name: BrainScope TBI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.1450
    Regulation Name: Brain Injury Adjunctive Interpretive Electroencephalograph Assessment Aid
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: PIW, PKQ, OLU
    Dated: July 19, 2019
    Received: July 22, 2019

Dear Michael Singer:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K190815 - Michael Singer                                                              Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                         Jay R. Gupta -S

                                           Jay Gupta
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT5A: Division of Neurosurgical,
                                                Neurointerventional
                                           and Neurodiagnostic Devices
                                  OHT5: Office of Neurological
                                           and Physical Medicine Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K190815

Device Name
BrainScope TBI (model: Ahead 500)


Indications for Use (Describe)
• BrainScope TBI is a multi-modal, multi-parameter assessment indicated for use as an adjunct to standard clinical
practice to aid in the evaluation of patients who have sustained a closed head injury, and have a Glasgow Coma Scale
(GCS) score of 13-15 (including patients with concussion/mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI)).
• BrainScope TBI provides a multi-parameter measure (Concussion Index (CI)) to aid in the evaluation of concussion in
patients between the ages of 13–25 years who present with a GCS score of 15 following a head injury within the past 72
hours (3 days), in conjunction with a standard neurological assessment of concussion. The CI is computed from a
multivariate algorithm based on the patient’s electroencephalogram (EEG), augmented by neurocognitive measures and
selected clinical symptoms.
• The BrainScope TBI Structural Injury Classification (“SIC”) uses brain electrical activity (EEG) to determine the
likelihood of structural brain injury visible on head CT for patients between the ages of 18-85 years (have a GCS score of
13 – 15), have sustained a closed head injury within the past 72 hours (3 days) who are being considered for a head CT.
BrainScope TBI should not be used as a substitute for a CT scan. Negative likely corresponds to those with no structural
brain injury visible on head CT. Positive likely corresponds to those with a structural brain injury visible on head CT.
Equivocal may correspond to structural brain injury visible on head CT or may indicate the need for further observation or
evaluation.
• BrainScope TBI provides a measure of brain function (EEG Brain Function Index, (BFI)) for the statistical evaluation of
the human electroencephalogram (EEG), aiding in the evaluation of head injury as part of a multi-modal, multi-parameter
assessment, in patients 18-85 years of age (have a GCS score of 13 – 15) who have sustained a closed head injury within
the past 72 hours (3 days).
• The BrainScope TBI device is intended to record, measure, analyze, and display brain electrical activity utilizing the
calculation of standard quantitative EEG (QEEG) parameters from frontal locations on a patient’s forehead. The
BrainScope TBI calculates and displays raw measures for the following standard QEEG measures: Absolute and Relative
Power, Asymmetry, Coherence and Fractal Dimension. These raw measures are intended to be used for post hoc analysis
of EEG signals for interpretation by a qualified user.
• BrainScope TBI also provides clinicians with quantitative measures of cognitive performance in patients 13-85 years of
age to aid in the assessment of an individual’s level of cognitive function. These measures interact with the CI and can be
used stand alone.
• BrainScope TBI also stores and displays electronic versions of standardized clinical assessment tools that should be used
in accordance with the assessment tools’ general instructions. These tools do not interact with any other device measures,
and are stand alone.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 2                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
       The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                      Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 2 of 2

4330 East-West Highway.Suite 1000.Bethesda.Maryland.20814      www.brainscope.com        phone 240.752.7680


                                      510(k) SUMMARY1


       Submitter:                    BrainScope® Company, Inc.
                                4330 East West Highway Suite #1000
                                    Bethesda, MD 20814
                                  Phone: (240) 752-7680
                                     Fax: (240) 752-7679
                                  www.brainscope.com

      Contact:                       Michael E. Singer, Ph.D.
                                     Executive Chairman
                                   BrainScope Company, Inc.
                                  Phone: (240) 752-7677
                                     Fax: (240) 752-7679
                                       Email: michael.singer@brainscope.com

      Prepared By:                  Sabyasachi Roy, Ph.D.
                                          Sr. Director Regulatory Affairs, Quality Assurance &
                                  Compliance

      Device Proprietary Name:       BrainScope TBI (Model: Ahead 500)

      Device Common Name:         Brain Injury Adjunctive Interpretive
                                     Electroencephalograph Assessment Aid

      Device Classification Name:     Brain Injury Adjunctive Interpretive
                                     Electroencephalograph Assessment Aid

       Classification Regulation:       21 CFR § 882.1450

      Panel:                        Neurology

      Product Codes:               PIW, PKQ, OLU

      Predicate Device:              BrainScope TBI (model: Ahead 400) (K183241)


1 Prepared in accordance with 21 CFR § 807.87(h) and 21 CFR § 807.92(c).
                                  BrainScope TBI 510(k) Summary                               1

Device Description:
BrainScope TBI (model: Ahead 500) is a portable, non-invasive, non-radiation emitting,
point of care device intended to provide results and measures to support  clinical
assessments and aid in the diagnosis of concussion / mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI).
The BrainScope TBI includes a new multivariate classification algorithm that analyzes a
patient’s electroencephalogram (EEG), augmented by neurocognitive performance and
selected clinical symptoms to compute a multi-modal index called the Concussion Index
(CI). BrainScope TBI provides the healthcare provider with a multi-parameter measure to
aid in the evaluation of concussion following a head injury within the past 72 hours (3
days). The BrainScope TBI (Ahead 500) retains all the capabilities of the predicate
(BrainScope TBI, model: Ahead 400) including the Structural Injury Classification (SIC)
and the Brain Function Index (BFI). It also contains configurable, selectable computerized
cognitive performance tests and digitized standard clinical assessment tools intended to
provide a multi-modal panel of measures to support the clinical assessment of concussion
/ mTBI.

Indications for Use:2
The BrainScope TBI’s Indications for Use are as follows:
   •  BrainScope TBI is a multi-modal, multi-parameter assessment indicated for use as
     an adjunct to standard clinical practice to aid in the evaluation of patients who have
      sustained a closed head injury, and have a Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS) score of
      13-15 (including patients with concussion/mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI)).
   •  BrainScope TBI provides a multi-parameter measure (Concussion Index (CI)) to
       aid in the evaluation of concussion in patients between the ages of 13–25 years
     who present with a GCS score of 15 following a head injury within the past 72
      hours (3 days), in conjunction with a standard neurological assessment of
      concussion. The CI is computed from a multivariate algorithm based on the
       patient’s electroencephalogram (EEG), augmented by neurocognitive measures
     and selected clinical symptoms.

   •  The BrainScope TBI Structural Injury Classification (“SIC”) uses brain electrical
        activity (EEG) to determine the likelihood of structural brain injury visible on head
     CT for patients between the ages of 18-85 years (have a GCS score of 13 – 15),
      have sustained a closed head injury within the past 72 hours (3 days) who are
      being considered for a head CT. BrainScope TBI should not be used as a
       substitute for a CT scan. Negative likely corresponds to those with no structural
       brain injury visible on head CT. Positive  likely corresponds to those with a
       structural brain injury visible on head CT. Equivocal may correspond to structural

2 The differences between the BrainScope TBI and its predicate do not alter the intended use of the device nor do
they affect the safety and effectiveness of the device relative to the predicate. The subject and predicate device have
the same overall intended use.
                                  BrainScope TBI 510(k) Summary                         2

brain injury visible on head CT or may indicate the need for further observation or
       evaluation.
   •  BrainScope TBI provides a measure of brain function (EEG Brain Function Index,
       (BFI)) for the statistical evaluation of the human electroencephalogram (EEG),
       aiding in the evaluation of head injury as part of a multi-modal, multi-parameter
      assessment, in patients 18-85 years of age (have a GCS score of 13 – 15) who
      have sustained a closed head injury within the past 72 hours (3 days).
   •  The BrainScope TBI device is intended to record, measure, analyze, and display
       brain  electrical  activity  utilizing the calculation of standard quantitative EEG
     (QEEG) parameters from frontal locations on a patient’s forehead. The BrainScope
      TBI calculates and displays raw measures for the following standard QEEG
      measures: Absolute and Relative Power, Asymmetry, Coherence and Fractal
      Dimension. These raw measures are intended to be used for post hoc analysis of
    EEG signals for interpretation by a qualified user.
   •  BrainScope TBI also provides clinicians with quantitative measures of cognitive
      performance in patients 13-85 years of age to aid in the assessment of an
       individual’s level of cognitive function. These measures interact with the CI and
      can be used stand alone.
   •  BrainScope TBI also stores and displays electronic versions of standardized
        clinical assessment tools that should be used in accordance with the assessment
        tools’ general instructions. These tools do not interact with any other device
      measures, and are stand alone.


Table 1: Indications for Use Comparison to Predicate device
     Proposed Device:          Primary Predicate:
   BrainScope TBI, model     BrainScope TBI, model                                                   Comments       Ahead 500               Ahead 400
          (TBD)                   (K183241)
 BrainScope TBI is a multi-    BrainScope TBI is a multi-     Equivalent.
 modal, multi-parameter       modal, multi-parameter      Moved patient age range and
 assessment indicated for     assessment indicated for     72 hour time frame to SIC and
 use as an adjunct to         use as an adjunct to          BFI specific statements below.
 standard clinical practice to    standard clinical practice to                                               Moved statement regarding
 aid in the evaluation of         aid in the evaluation of                                                                  substitute for a CT scan to the
 patients who have sustained   patients who have sustained                                                   SIC specific statement below.
 a closed head injury, and     a closed head injury within
 have a Glasgow Coma Scale  the past 72 hours (3 days),
 (GCS) score of 13-15         are between the ages of 18-
 (including patients with       85 years, have a Glasgow
 concussion/mild traumatic    Coma Scale (GCS) score of
 brain injury (mTBI)).          13-15 (including patients
                                with concussion / mild
                                traumatic brain injury
                                  BrainScope TBI 510(k) Summary                         3

Proposed Device:          Primary Predicate:
  BrainScope TBI, model     BrainScope TBI, model                                                  Comments      Ahead 500               Ahead 400
         (TBD)                   (K183241)
                              (mTBI)), and are being
                            considered for a head CT.
                           BrainScope TBI should not
                         be used as a substitute for a
                     CT scan.
BrainScope TBI provides a    BrainScope TBI provides a    Equivalent.
multi-parameter measure     measure of brain function     The CI algorithm augments
(Concussion Index (CI)) to    (EEG Brain Function Index,    patient’s EEG measures with
aid in the evaluation of         (BFI)) for the statistical        neurocognitive performance
concussion in patients        evaluation of the human      and selected clinical
between the ages of 13–25    electroencephalogram       symptoms to compute a multiyears who present with GCS  (EEG), aiding in the          modal index. This is consistent
of 15 following a head injury   evaluation of head injury as    with current clinical practice of
within the past 72 hours (3     part of a multi-modal, multi-    using a multi-modal approach
days), in conjunction with a    parameter assessment.         in concussion evaluation. The
standard neurological                                     CI expands upon the clinical
assessment of concussion.                               performance of the BFI by
The CI is computed from a                                assessing presence of
multivariate algorithm based                               concussion at time of injury.
on the patient’s
electroencephalogram
(EEG), augmented by
neurocognitive measures
and selected clinical
symptoms.
The BrainScope TBI         The BrainScope TBI           Equivalent.
Structural Injury                Structural Injury               Included patient age range,
Classification (“SIC”) uses      Classification (“SIC”) uses   GCS score, 72 hour timeframe
brain electrical activity (EEG)  brain electrical activity to     and statement regarding
to determine the likelihood of  determine the likelihood of     substitute for a CT scan to the
structural brain injury visible    structural brain injury visible   BrainScope TBI (Ahead 500)
on head CT for patients      on head CT. Negative likely   IFU for clarification.
between the ages of 18-85    corresponds to those with no
years (have a GCS score of    structural brain injury visible
13 – 15), have sustained a    on head CT. Positive likely
closed head injury within the   corresponds to those with a
past 72 hours (3 days) who    structural brain injury visible
are being considered for a    on head CT. Equivocal may
head CT. BrainScope TBI     correspond to structural
should not be used as a       brain injury visible on head
substitute for a CT scan.     CT or may indicate the need
Negative likely corresponds    for further observation or
to those with no structural      evaluation.
brain injury visible on head
CT. Positive likely
corresponds to those with a
structural brain injury visible
                                 BrainScope TBI 510(k) Summary                         4

Proposed Device:          Primary Predicate:
  BrainScope TBI, model     BrainScope TBI, model                                                  Comments      Ahead 500               Ahead 400
         (TBD)                   (K183241)
on head CT. Equivocal may
correspond to structural
brain injury visible on head
CT or may indicate the need
for further observation or
evaluation.
BrainScope TBI provides a    BrainScope TBI provides a    Equivalent.
measure of brain function     measure of brain function    Age range, GCS score and 72
(EEG Brain Function Index,   (EEG Brain Function Index,   hour timeframe added to the
(BFI)) for the statistical         (BFI)) for the statistical       BrainScope TBI (Ahead 500)
evaluation of the human       evaluation of the human      IFU for clarification.
electroencephalogram        electroencephalogram
(EEG), aiding in the          (EEG), aiding in the
evaluation of head injury as    evaluation of head injury as
part of a multi-modal, multi-    part of a multi-modal, multiparameter assessment, in     parameter assessment.
patients 18-85 years of age
(have a GCS score of 13 –
15) who have sustained a
closed head injury within the
past 72 hours (3 days).
The BrainScope TBI device   The BrainScope TBI device   Same as predicate.
is intended to record,             is intended to record,
measure, analyze, and       measure, analyze, and
display brain electrical         display brain electrical
activity utilizing the               activity utilizing the
calculation of standard         calculation of standard
quantitative EEG (QEEG)      quantitative EEG (QEEG)
parameters from frontal       parameters from frontal
locations on a patient’s        locations on a patient’s
forehead. The BrainScope     forehead. The BrainScope
TBI calculates and displays   One calculates and displays
raw measures for the        raw measures for the
following standard QEEG      following standard QEEG
measures: Absolute and      measures: Absolute and
Relative Power, Asymmetry,   Relative Power, Asymmetry,
Coherence and Fractal       Coherence and Fractal
Dimension. These raw        Dimension. These raw
measures are intended to be  measures are intended to be
used for post hoc analysis of  used for post hoc analysis of
EEG signals for          EEG signals for
interpretation by a qualified     interpretation by a qualified
user.                          user.
BrainScope TBI also         BrainScope TBI also           Equivalent.
provides clinicians with        provides clinicians with      Ahead 500 IFU statement was
quantitative measures of       quantitative measures of      modified in two ways:
                                 BrainScope TBI 510(k) Summary                         5

Proposed Device:          Primary Predicate:
   BrainScope TBI, model     BrainScope TBI, model                                                   Comments       Ahead 500               Ahead 400
          (TBD)                   (K183241)
 cognitive performance in       cognitive performance to aid       •   Specifying the intended
 patients 13-85 years of age     in the assessment of an            age group of 13-85
 to aid in the assessment of     individual’s level of cognitive         years as cleared under
 an individual’s level of          function. These measures do          predicate’s 510(k)
 cognitive function. These      not interact with any other           K183241.
 measures interact with the     device measures, and are         •   Clarification that since
 CI and can be used stand     stand alone.                                                                    the CI includes
 alone.                                                                        cognitive performance
                                                                       inputs and they do
                                                                             interact with EEG
                                                          measures to produce
                                                                          CI. The cognitive
                                                              performance
                                                            assessments can also
                                                         be used standalone.
 BrainScope TBI also stores   BrainScope TBI also stores   Same as predicate.
 and displays electronic       and displays electronic
 versions of standardized       versions of standardized
 clinical assessment tools        clinical assessment tools
 that should be used in          that should be used in
 accordance with the          accordance with the
 assessment tools’ general    assessment tools’ general
 instructions. These tools do    instructions. These tools do
 not interact with any other     not interact with any other
 device measures, and are     device measures, and are
 stand alone.                 stand alone.


Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device:
BrainScope TBI (model: Ahead 500) has similar technological characteristics as the
legally marketed predicate device. BrainScope TBI includes the following modifications
when compared to the predicate (BrainScope TBI, model: Ahead 400):
  •  The Concussion Index (CI) is derived from a multivariate classification algorithm
      that analyzes a patient’s EEG, augmented by neurocognitive performance and
      selected clinical symptoms to compute a multi-modal index for patients 13 – 25
     years of age, with a GCS of 15. The CI aids the trained healthcare provider in
      evaluating a patient for concussion within 3 days of head injury.

The EEG-based Structural Injury Classification (SIC) and Brain Function Index (BFI)
algorithms in both devices are limited to the FDA-authorized age range of 18 to 85 years
(Adolescent subgroup and Adult age patients).

                                  BrainScope TBI 510(k) Summary                         6

The minor technological differences between BrainScope TBI (Ahead 500) and the
predicate do not raise new questions of safety and effectiveness, and performance data
demonstrates that the BrainScope TBI is as safe and effective as the predicate.
BrainScope TBI (Ahead 500) is substantially equivalent to the predicate BrainScope TBI
(Ahead 400).
Table 2, Technological Comparison to Predicate Device
                                           Predicate:            Proposed Device:  Topic /                           BrainScope TBI,             BrainScope TBI,                            Comments  Area                            model: Ahead 400            model : Ahead 500                                        (K183241)
Platform    Trimble T41 mobile       Trimble T41 mobile     Same as predicate.
             device, Android OS       device, Android OS
Processed  1kHz sampled data with  1kHz sampled data with  Same as predicate.
EEG     DC to 300Hz bandwidth  DC to 300Hz bandwidth
Bandwidth  and 100Hz sampled     and 100Hz sampled
            data with 0.67Hz to       data with 0.67Hz to
          43Hz bandwidth        43Hz bandwidth
Common   < -100 dB (or better)    < -100 dB (or better)    Same as predicate.
Mode
Rejection
Ratio
(CMRR)
System    < 0.4 µV in 0.67 Hz to    < 0.4 µV in 0.3 Hz to    Same as predicate.
Noise      43Hz bandwidth        43Hz bandwidth
Floor
ADC                                          Same as predicate.          45 nV/bit              45 nV/bitResolution
ADC       1000 Hz, down sampled  1000 Hz, down sampled  Same as predicate.
Sampling    to 100 Hz for algorithm    to 100 Hz for algorithm
Rate        processing               processing
Electrode   The International 10-20   The International 10-20  Same as predicate.
Placement  System               System
System
Electrode   Fp1, Fp2, Fpz, AFz, F7,   Fp1, Fp2, Fpz, Afz, F7,   Same as predicate.
Positions    F8, A1, A2               F8, A1, A2
Utilized
Electrode   Single use Ag/AgCl       Single use Ag/AgCl     Same as predicate.
Material     electrode sensor array    electrode sensor array
           headset with solid gel     headset with solid gel
Real Time  Yes                  Yes                Same as predicate.
EEG
Display
EEG         •  SIC with three tier       •  SIC with three tier       Equivalent.
Based             classification outputs         classification outputs    Both devices share identical
Classificati      (Negative, Equivocal        (Negative, Equivocal   SIC and BFI algorithms.
on            and Positive)             and Positive)            In addition, the BrainScope
Algorithms   •   BFI                     •   BFI                 TBI (Ahead 500) includes
              •   CI                                              the new multivariate
                                                                 algorithm to compute CI.
                                  BrainScope TBI 510(k) Summary                         7

Predicate:            Proposed Device:  Topic /                           BrainScope TBI,             BrainScope TBI,                            Comments  Area                            model: Ahead 400            model : Ahead 500                                        (K183241)
Cognitive    •   Procedural Reaction     •   Procedural Reaction   Same as predicate.
Performan      Time                   Time
ce Tests     •  Match to Sample        •  Match to Sample
              •   Simple Reaction Time   •   Simple Reaction Time
              •  Go/No-Go               •  Go/No-Go
              •   Simple Reaction Time   •   Simple Reaction Time
                 Test Repeated             Test Repeated
           Device has ability to      Device has ability to
          compare patient’s       compare patient’s
             cognitive performance     cognitive performance
          and produce a Reliable   and produce a Reliable
          Change Index (RCI).     Change Index (RCI).
            Tests include            Tests include
            Adolescent and Adult     Adolescent and Adult
           ages of 13 – 85 years.    ages of 13 – 85 years.
Standard    Multiple electronic         Multiple electronic         Equivalent.
Clinical      version of “paper and     version of “paper and
Assessme   pencil” based standard    pencil” based standard
nts            clinical assessments of    clinical assessments of
            concussion such as:      concussion such as:
              •  PECARN               •  PECARN

Results      Specific raw measures.   Specific raw measures.   Equivalent.
Presentati  EEG playback.       EEG playback.          BrainScope TBI (Ahead
on and      Structural injury           Structural injury          500) includes additional CI
Reporting    classification, brain        classification and brain    related results and
Features    function index (BFI)       function index display.     reporting.
           Concussion Index (CI)    Cognitive performance
              display.                raw and standard
             Cognitive performance    scores including
           raw and standard          percentiles.
            scores including           Electronic versions of
              percentiles.             Standard Clinical
             Electronic versions of     Assessments.
           Standard Clinical
           Assessments.
Software    BrainScope TBI         BrainScope TBI           Equivalent.
           implements its software   implements its software   Updated architecture to
             with low-level             with low-level            improve device
             modifications to the       modifications to the        maintainability, scalability
            T41’s off-the-shelf        T41’s off-the-shelf       and to support the new CI
             configuration and a        configuration and a        functionality.
             kiosk mode application    kiosk mode application
            running on Android 4.1.   running on Android 4.1.
Graphical   BrainScope developed   BrainScope developed    Equivalent.
User       UI leveraging Android     UI leveraging Android   New CI functionality
Interface    Frameworks.            Frameworks.              included.
                                  BrainScope TBI 510(k) Summary                         8

Predicate:            Proposed Device:  Topic /                           BrainScope TBI,             BrainScope TBI,                            Comments  Area                            model: Ahead 400            model : Ahead 500                                        (K183241)
Test        Test output for EEG and  Test output for EEG and  Same as predicate.
Reporting   standardized             standardized
           assessments can be     assessments can be
            configured to meet user   configured to meet user
            requirements including    requirements including
             disabling tests and        disabling tests and
             redaction of personally    redaction of personally
               identifiable information     identifiable information
Data          All data stored (binary      All data stored (binary     Equivalent.
Managem   format) to non-volatile     format) to non-volatile                                                               BrainScope TBI (model:ent        memory.              memory.                                                        Ahead 500) enables secure           Data available via USB   Data available via USB                                                               communication with cloud
          and wireless           and wireless                                                            based infrastructure to support
            connection.              connection.               data synchronization.
                Certificate based
              authentication for wireless
            communication
Connectivi   •  USB 2.0 Full-Speed     •  USB 2.0 Full-Speed     Equivalent.
ty            •  GPS                    •  GPS
              •   Wi-Fi: 802.11b/g/n, 2.4  •   Wi-Fi: 802.11b/g/n, 2.4
            GHz band             GHz band
              •    All other interfaces      •    All other interfaces
                  disabled in software         disabled in software
Encryption  AES-128 for intra-       AES-128 for intra-      Same as predicate.
            device communication    device communication
          AES-256 for encrypted   AES-256 for encrypted
                files                            files

Performance Data:
Clinical performance data was submitted to support the device modification made to the
predicate. Validation data analysis was performed on 580 subjects across 10 US clinical
sites including High Schools, Colleges and Concussion Clinics. The validation study
population included subjects ages 13.09 - 25.93 years, with mean=19.52 (SD=2.28,
median=19.71), 53.62% male, with a mean time since injury for Day 0 evaluation was
45.75 hours (SD=22.66, median=47.75). All subjects had GCS score of 15. Of these 580
subjects, there were 229 matched controls, 144 healthy volunteers and 207 subjects who
sustained closed head injury and were removed from play. These subjects were divided
into 3 groups: healthy, non-head injured subjects (pre-season baselines only), subjects
with witnessed head injury, and matched controls (tested at 3 time points relative to those
of their injured matched subject). Device performance was studied in subjects who were
either removed from play, and were therefore deemed to have had a concussion, or were
matched controls and healthy volunteers. The clinical reference standard incorporated
elements from the guidelines published in International Conference on Concussion in
                                  BrainScope TBI 510(k) Summary                         9

Sport guidelines (McCrory 2017;2013) as well as National Collegiate Athletic Association
(NCAA) concussion policy.
The co-primary endpoints of the study were the sensitivity and specificity based on a
cutoff (threshold) CI derived from an algorithm development study that was independent
of the validation study. The validation study sought to determine if the subject’s CI was
consistent with similar changes seen in subjects with concussion. This primary endpoint
validates the clinical utility of the EEG-based, multimodal Concussion Index (CI) as an
aid in evaluation of concussion in subjects ages 13-25 years who sustained a closed head
injury.
The performance goals that were defined in the Statistical Analysis Plan (SAP) for the coprimary endpoints were 0.69 for sensitivity and 0.565 for specificity. The observed
performance of the CI in the clinical validation study was sensitivity of 0.8599 with 95%
confidence limits of (0.8050, 0.9041) and specificity of 0.7078 with 95% confidence limits
of (0.6588, 0.7535).
Analysis of the study results demonstrated that the change in CI over time, measured at
a population level in the non-head injured population, demonstrate that the CI is a stable
measure and that the change can be interpreted reliably.
The validation study achieved the pre-specified performance targets for the primary
endpoint. Additional analyses demonstrated that the CI discriminant score and the 22-
question Concussion Symptom Inventory (CSI) total score had a correlation of  (r =
0.7971, R2 = 0.6354). The CI and the 12-question CSI total score had a correlation of (r
= 0.8047, R2 = 0.6475).
These new modifications did not impact existing device functionality including core EEG
based Structural Injury Classifier (SIC) and Brain Function Index (BFI) algorithms. The
BrainScope TBI device conforms to all basic safety and EMC standards as the predicate.
The BrainScope TBI device was also tested to the most recent recognized consensus
standard for EMC (IEC 60601-1-2 Ed. 4.0 2014) as shown below.
The BrainScope TBI device conforms to the following standards:
        o  IEC 60601-1/A1:2012 Medical Electrical Equipment  - Part 1: General
            Requirements for Basic Safety and Essential Performance
        o  IEC 60601-1-2 Edition 4.0 2014 General requirements for basic safety and
              essential performance - Collateral Standard: Electromagnetic disturbances
                  - Requirements and tests
        o  IEC 60601-1-6/A1:2013 General Requirements For Basic Safety And
             Essential Performance - Collateral Standard: Usability
        o  IEC 60601-2-26:2012 Particular requirements for the basic safety and
              essential performance of electroencephalographs
        o  ANSI/AAMI EC12:2000/(R)2010 Disposable ECG Electrodes
                                  BrainScope TBI 510(k) Summary                        10

o  ANSI/AAMI/ISO 10993-1:2009 Biological evaluation of medical devices –
             Part 1: Evaluation and testing within a risk management process
       o  ANSI/AAMI/ISO 10993-5:2009 Biological Evaluation of Medical Devices –
             Part 5: Tests for In Vitro Cytotoxicity
       o  ANSI/AAMI/ISO 10993-10:2010 Biological evaluation of medical devices –
             Part 10: Test for irritation and skin sensitization
        o  MIL-STD-810G,  Department  of  Defense  Test Method  Standard  for
            Environmental Engineering Considerations and Laboratory Tests
        o  IEC 60529 (2004) Degree of Protection Provided by Enclosures
        o ASTM D4169 – 09, Standard Practice for Performance Testing of Shipping
            Containers and Systems

Conclusion:
The BrainScope TBI (model: Ahead 500) device has the same intended use as the legally
marketed predicate (BrainScope TBI, model: Ahead 400). The BrainScope TBI device
has similar technological characteristics as the predicate. The differences in technological
characteristics do not raise new questions of safety and effectiveness and performance
data demonstrate that the BrainScope TBI (Ahead 500) is as safe and effective as the
predicate.


                                  BrainScope TBI 510(k) Summary                        11