MEDIVIS, Inc.                                       May 13, 2019
℅ Ms. Amy Lynn
Regulatory Affairs Consultant
20 Jay Street, Suite 312
BROOKLYN NY 11201

Re: K190764
    Trade/Device Name: SurgicalAR
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: March 15, 2019
    Received: March 25, 2019

Dear Ms. Lynn:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K190764 – Ms. Amy Lynn                                                              Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good
manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820)
for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if
applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-
1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and
Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website
(http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone
(1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K190764
Device Name
SurgicalAR
Indications for Use (Describe)
SurgicalAR is a software device for display of medical images and other healthcare data. It includes functions for image
review image manipulation, basic measurements and 3D visualization (MPR reconstructions and 3D volume rendering).
Lossy compressed mammography images and digitized film screen images must not be reviewed for primary image
interpretations. Mammographic images may only be interpreted using an FDA cleared display that meets technical
specifications reviewed and accepted by FDA or displays accepted by the appropriate regulatory agency for the country in
which it is used.
Display monitors used for reading medical images for diagnostic purposes must comply with the applicable regulatory
approvals and quality control requirements for their use and maintenance.
SurgicalAR software is indicated for use by qualified healthcare professionals including, but not restricted to radiologists,
non-radiology specialists, physicians and technologists.
When accessing SurgicalAR software from a wireless stereoscopic head-mounted display (HMD) or mobile device,
images viewed are for informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

Section 5 - 510(k) Summary                                        K190764

     Company:               MEDIVIS, Inc.
      Address:                  20 Jay Street, Suite 312
                                   Brooklyn, New York, 11201

       Contact:              Amy Lynn
                                    Regulatory Affairs Consultant
      Telephone Number:         954.600.8299
      Email:                     amylynncicatello@gmail.com

      Preparation Date:          March 15, 2019

      Trade Name:               SurgicalAR
      Device Common Name:      System, Image Processing, Radiological
       Classification Regulation:    21 CFR 892.2050
       Classification Name:          Picture archiving and communications system
       Class:                              II
       Panel:                      Radiology
      Product Code:           LLZ

       Predicate Device:            VitreaView (K163232)

5.1 Device Description

SurgicalAR is a software platform to be used by clinicians for the visualization of medical
images in 3D to allow for surgical planning activities. The device takes pre-acquired 2D medical
images and reconstructs 3D models that a clinician can then view on a stereoscopic, holographic
display.
The software application is used to:
• Load patient CT/MR DICOM data
• View DICOM data using a traditional computer monitor or in Augmented Reality (AR) using a
head-mounted display, HMD.

5.2 Intended Use
SurgicalAR is a software device for display of medical images and other healthcare data. It
includes functions for image review image manipulation, basic measurements and 3D
visualization (MPR reconstructions and 3D volume rendering).

Lossy compressed mammography images and digitized film screen images must not be reviewed
for primary image interpretations. Mammographic images may only be interpreted using an FDA
cleared display that meets technical specifications reviewed and accepted by FDA or displays
accepted by the appropriate regulatory agency for the country in which it is used.

Display monitors used for reading medical images for diagnostic purposes must comply with the
applicable regulatory approvals and quality control requirements for their use and maintenance.

SurgicalAR software is indicated for use by qualified healthcare professionals including, but not
restricted to radiologists, non-radiology specialists, physicians and technologists.

When accessing SurgicalAR software from a wireless stereoscopic head-mounted display
(HMD) or mobile device, images viewed are for informational purposes only and not intended
for diagnostic use.

5.3 Operator profile
Qualified healthcare professionals, including but not restricted to surgeons, radiologists, nonradiology specialists, physicians, and technologists.

5.4 Patient population
The device is software which allows for viewing of DICOM data. Therefore, there is no specific
patient population.

5.5 Intended use environment
The software is intended to be used:

   •   In operating rooms
   •   In office environments within hospitals or at any other location with a computer
   •  For informational only purposes at any location using the head-mounted display (HMD)

5.6 Operating principle
There are different operating principles such as viewing:

   •  On desktop PCs with a traditional monitor the interaction with the software is performed
       with a mouse and/or keyboard;
   •  On PCs with a touchscreen monitor the interaction with the software is performed with a
       touchscreen interface; or
   •  On a head-mounted display the interaction with the software is performed using hand
        gestures.

5.7 Part of the body or type of tissue applied or interacted with
The device is software only which allows for the viewing of DICOM data. Therefore, it does not
interact with any body and/or tissue part and the viewing is also not limited to any body and/or
tissue part.

5.8 Comparison to predicate device
The SurgicalAR proposed device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, K163232, as
both devices have the same intended use and technological characteristics. While both devices do
not have the exact same software features, the difference does not pose any safety and/or
effectiveness questions. A full substantial equivalent discussion is provided in Section 12. The
exact feature differences and omissions are detailed in the tables contained within Section 12.

The proposed device slightly differs from the predicate device in two ways as listed below:

First, the proposed device is not available for use through internet browsers like the predicate
device. The predicate device allows access via an internet browser in addition to traditional
installation on a PC’s hard drive. This design difference does not create new or additional safety
risks regarding the use of the device but rather limits the scope of accessibility of SurgicalAR.

Secondly, the proposed device does not contain all of the same features as the predicate device.
The lack of features are not key features nor do they impact the function or intended use of the
device.

The table below demonstrates the similarities in technology and features between SurgicalAR
and the predicate device.

                                                               Predicate
                                           Subject Device
                                                             Device       Comparison                          Description
      Criteria                                               VitreaView
                                            SurgicalAR
                                                          (K163232)
                           • Line
   Annotation and     • Angle
                                           Yes            Yes          Same
 Measurement Tools   • Ruler
                           • Arrow
                           • Runs within
                     browser
                      using HTML
                    and                                                                 Different.
   User Installation    JavaScript                                                    Predicate allows
                                    No            Yes
    Requirements     only                                                               for access via
                           • No                                                                    Internet.
                          installation is
                       required on
                        user’s machine

                           • DICOM
     Data Type                              Yes            Yes          Same                           • Non-DICOM     Supported
                           • Image Zoom
                           • Pan
                           • Window Level
                  •AutoWindow
                                                                                              Different.
                           • Level
                                                                                      Predicate has
       Image           • Reset
                                    No            Yes        “image invert”
 View/Manipulation   • Scout Lines
                                                                          and “image
                           • Image Rotate
                                                                                     cine” features.
                           • Image Flip
                           • Magnify
                           • Image Invert
                           • Image Cine

                           • HTTPS
   Data Encryption                            Yes            Yes          Same
                           • SSL

Predicate
                                          Subject Device
                                                            Device       Comparison                        Description
     Criteria                                               VitreaView
                                          SurgicalAR
                                                         (K163232)

      Patient        Capable of displaying
  Demographic      patient demographic         Yes            Yes          Same
     Display        information

                    Co-planar linking:
     Linking          • Autolink                 Yes            Yes          Same
                         • Manual
                    Users can be managed
                      via an internal
User and Password
                      database, active            Yes            Yes          Same
     Control
                       directory, or parent
                      application
                                                                  Same                    Stored on server            Yes            Yes  Data Security
                                                                  Same                    Audit trail logged           Yes            Yes   Audit Trail
                   Database structure
                    allows mapping users
                       to groups internally or
User Management   mapping external
                    groups (AD, parent
                      application) to internal
                    groups and role
                                                                                            Different.
                                                                                   Predicate allows   Transmission     Via the web with
                                                         Yes           for access via     Modes         Internet browsers          No
                                                                                                 Internet.

                         • JPEG for
                  Lossy
                                                                  Same  File Type Used     data                                    Yes                                          Yes
                         • PNG for
                     Lossless data
                    This viewing feature
                     enables the display of
                     reformatted CT and                                    Same MPR Viewing                                            Yes
           MR images into axial,       Yes
                     coronal and sagittal
                      orientations
                    This viewing feature
                     enables the display of
  3D Volume    3D perspective views                                   Same                                                         Yes
Rendered Viewing   of CT and MR image        Yes
                        sets that have been
                    transformed into

Predicate
                                          Subject Device
                                                            Device       Comparison                        Description
     Criteria                                               VitreaView
                                           SurgicalAR
                                                         (K163232)
                    volumes. It also
                     provides presets to
                     enable users to alter
                      the visualization
                    parameters
                     of the 3D views to
                      highlight features.

                    This viewing feature
                     provides a facility to
                                                                  SameActive Target Tool  view a single target          Yes            Yes
                      location within
                     multiple images.
                    This viewing feature
                     provides a facility to
     Crosshair
                    synchronize and scroll                                  Same  Navigation and                                           Yes
                    through multiple            Yes
  Synchronization
                   views at the same
                      time.
                                                                                            Different.
                                                                                       Predicate
                                                                                      contains a  Ability to clone     Ability to clone
                                                         Yes            “clone”images side by side  images side by side.        No
                                                                                    copy/paste
                                                                                                 feature.


 Ability to close an   Ability to close an
 image by clicking   image by clicking an
                                                                  Same   an “X” in the    “X” in the upper-left                       Yes                                          Yes
 upper-left portion   portion of the
  of the view port    viewport.

                                                                                            Different.
  Ability to select                                                                    Predicate has                      Ability to select locale
locale and language                                                                 support for                  and language settings                       Yes
   settings on the                        No                               multiple                  on the login screen.
    login screen                                                                     languages.

                      Ability to customize                                                Different.
     Ability to        the columns in the                                              Predicate has
   customize the     study directory by                                                  feature to
  columns in the     selecting the                              Yes         customize the                                    No
 study directory by   dropdown arrow on                                      view of the
    selecting the      the right side of each                                                directory.
dropdown arrow on  column.

Predicate
                                          Subject Device
                                                            Device       Comparison                        Description
     Criteria                                               VitreaView
                                          SurgicalAR
                                                         (K163232)
  the right side of
  each column.

                     Proactive help tips
                    appear for 10-15                                                    Different.
                    seconds to educate                                             Predicate has
    Help Tips       users on certain                           Yes          feature to view                                   No
                      functionality that may                                         “help tips”.
                     not be obvious to a
                new user.

 Support for TIF    Vitrea View can                                      Same                                                        Yes
       Files          display TIF files.           Yes

                    This viewing feature
                    provides access of
                     Vitrea View software
                  on various iOS and
                  Android tablet
                     devices through the
                      default internet
                    browser. Key
                      features are:
                         • Two-finger
                    pinch to
                zoom and
      Tablet                                                                               Different.                  pan
    support for                                                                      Predicate has                         • Touch and
   information                                                                  support for iOS                    drag to
     purpose                                              Yes        and Android for                        scroll                 No
       only                                                                      non-diagnostic                         • Double-tap to
(Not for diagnostic                                                                 viewing.                     access
       use)
                    Gesture
                menu
                         • Tap
                    Carousel
                     thumbnail,
                    then tap
                  Image Pane
                       to swap
                   images
                         • Ambient
                    Lighting
                 Check
                    This viewing feature                                                Different.
HMD support for    provides access of                         Yes        Proposed device                                   No
   information      SurgicalAR software                                        has support for

Predicate
                                           Subject Device
                                                             Device       Comparison                          Description
      Criteria                                               VitreaView
                                            SurgicalAR
                                                          (K163232)
  purpose only (not   on consumer, off-the-                         HMDs for nonfor diagnostic use)   shelf-wireless, Wi-Fi                                             diagnostic
                       enabled, stereoscopic                                           viewing.
                    head-mounted display
                     with minimum of 2GB
             RAM
                       Ability to provide
                       diagnostic quality
                     medical image review
     Diagnostic
                         for multi-dimensional                                  Same    quality medical                                           Yes
                          digital images              Yes
    image review
                      acquired from a
                        variety of imaging
                      devices


5.9 Tests conducted
Both design verification and design validation were successfully conducted as part of the testing
for the SurgicalAR device.
The purpose of the design verification activity was to ensure that the design output specifications
met the design input requirements. Deviations associated with the written protocol were captured
within the design verification report. These deviations did not negatively impact the device, it’s
intended use, nor did they introduce additional risks. Therefore, it is concluded at the design
verification was successful in that the design output specifications satisfactorily met the design
input requirements.
Design validation, including human factors and usability engineering, was conducted. Human
factors and usability engineering testing was performed to assess user interactions with the
device’s user interface. The purpose is to identify use errors that would or could result in
serious harm to the patient or user. Human factors validation testing is also used to assess the
effectiveness of risk management measures. The testing performed was simulated use. The
design validation was successfully completed, and testing met all predetermined acceptance
criteria. Furthermore, no additional risks to the safety or efficacy of the device were identified.


5.10   Essential performance characteristics
SurgicalAR is software for medical image visualization. A hardware shutdown, power failure or
other hardware issue that makes the software inoperable does not cause harm. Therefore, no
unacceptable risk arises if the hardware loses performance. The hardware does not have any
essential performance characteristics. The software risks were analyzed to find risks in the
intolerable range. No risks have been identified in the intolerable range. As such, no measures
are considered essential performance characteristics. In summary, the SurgicalAR software does
not have any essential performance characteristics.