November 25, 2019

ImpediMed Limited
℅ Reuben Lawson
Senior Directory, Regulatory Affairs and Clinical
ImpediMed, Inc.
5900 Pasteur Court, Unit 125
Carlsbad, CA 92008


Re:   K190529
       Trade/Device Name: SOZO®
       Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2770
       Regulation Name: Impedance plethysmograph
       Regulatory Class:  II
       Product Code: QJB, DSB, MNW
       Dated: October 24, 2019
       Received: October 24, 2019

Dear Reuben Lawson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K190529 - Reuben Lawson                                                             Page 2


Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                         Carolyn Y. Neuland -S

                                           Carolyn Y. Neuland, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT3A: Division of Renal,
                                                     Gastrointestinal, Obesity
                                           and Transplant Devices
                                  OHT3: Office of GastroRenal, ObGyn,
                                             General Hospital and Urology Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                              Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K190529

Device Name
SOZO®


Indications for Use (Describe)
The SOZO system may be used as an adjunct to existing methods by aiding clinicians who are using Subjective Global
Assessment (SGA) tools to assess patients at risk of protein-calorie malnutrition (PCM).

The SOZO system may be further used to estimate the following body composition parameters in humans to track
clinically relevant body composition parameters over time:
• Fat mass
• Fat-free mass
• Total body water
• Intracellular fluid
• Extracellular fluid
• Skeletal muscle mass

The following outputs are also presented:
• Body Mass Index (BMI)
• Basal metabolic rate (BMR; based on Mifflin – St. Jeor’s algorithm) displayed in calories per day
• Protein and mineral (also known as ‘dry lean mass’) represents the content of a body that is not fat or fluid; calculated by
subtracting total body water weight from fat-free mass weight.

The SOZO device measures current (I), voltage (V) and phase angle (Phi), and from these values calculates resistance (R),
reactance (Xc), and impedance (Z), which are used to estimate the above body composition parameters. The device/
software will also display the Cole plot, subject height, weight, age and sex.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                          Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K190529
                                                                                                                            Page 1 of 4


                                    510(k) SUMMARY
                           ImpediMed’s SOZO® system


Submitter:

      ImpediMed Limited
        Unit 1
      50 Parker Court
      Pinkenba Qld 4008
        Australia


Phone:      760 585 2104
Facsimile:    760 804 9245

Contact Person:     Reuben Lawson

Date Prepared:      November 25, 2019

Name of Device:         SOZO®

Common or Usual Name:   Body Fluid Analyzer

Regulation Number:       21 CFR§870.2770

Regulation Name:         Impedance Plethysmograph

Regulatory Class:                  II

Product Codes:           QJB, DSB, MNW

Predicate Device:         ImpediMed Limited’s SOZO (K172507); ImpediMed Limited’s IMP
                     SFB7 (K052319)

Reference Devices:        ImpediMed Limited’s SOZO (K172122; K180126)

Device Description

      The SOZO system consists of a connected hand and footplate with built-in stainless steel
        electrodes, paired with an Android tablet over Bluetooth connection. An app (“SOZOapp”),
       supplied with the tablet, controls the functionality of the hardware and supplies the
      bioimpedance measurement data to a database (“SOZOhub”) contained within the
         hospital/facility network.


                                                                       Page 1 of 4

K190529
                                                                                                                            Page 2 of 4


      Measurements require the patient to make contact with bare hands and feet on stainless
        steel electrodes. The measurement takes about 30 seconds, during which the SOZO®
      system applies small levels of electrical current (200μA RMS) to the body across 256
       frequencies spaced logarithmically from 3kHz to 1000kHz and measures the resulting
       voltage levels. Established algorithms are used to analyze data and calculate various body
       composition parameters and present the outputs for the clinician to review.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

      The SOZO® Body Fluid Analyzer is intended for the following uses:

      The SOZO system may be used as an adjunct to existing methods by aiding clinicians who
       are using Subjective Global Assessment (SGA) tools to assess patients at risk of proteincalorie malnutrition (PCM).
      The SOZO system may be further used to estimate the following body composition
       parameters in humans to track clinically relevant body composition parameters over time:
       •   Fat mass
       •   Fat-free mass
       •   Total body water
       •   Intracellular fluid
       •   Extracellular fluid
       •   Skeletal muscle mass
      The following outputs are also presented:
       •  Body Mass Index (BMI)
       •  Basal metabolic rate (BMR; based on Mifflin – St. Jeor’s algorithm) displayed in calories
          per day
       •   Protein and mineral (also known as ‘dry lean mass’) represents the content of a body
            that is not fat or fluid; calculated by subtracting total body water weight from fat-free
        mass weight.
      The SOZO device measures current (I), voltage (V) and phase angle (Phi), and from these
       values calculates resistance (R), reactance (Xc), and impedance (Z), which are used to
       estimate the above body composition parameters. The device/software will also display the
      Cole plot, subject height, weight, age and sex.


Summary of Technological Characteristics

      Bioimpedance spectroscopy is the technological principle for both the subject and predicate
       devices. The subject and predicate devices are based on the following same fundamental
       technological elements:

                                                                       Page 2 of 4

K190529
                                                                                                                            Page 3 of 4


           •  Use of electrodes to take measurements; two ‘drive’ and two ‘sense’ channels are
             used to measure each side of the body

           •  ‘Drive’ channels deliver very low levels of current (200µA RMS) across 256
               frequencies logarithmically spaced from 3kHz to 1000kHz;

           •  ‘Sense’ channels measure current (I), voltage (V) and phase angle (Ph), and
                calculate three bioimpedance parameters: impedance (Z), resistance (R) and
              reactance (Xc) to estimate impedance levels at different frequencies and use
               established algorithms to calculate body composition parameters;

           •  Data is stored in and accessed from a local database (SOZOhub) utilizing separate
               software installed on a network connected PC.

       Thus, SOZO is the same as its predicate SOZO device. The technological characteristics of
       the SOZO system and equivalence to the reference SFB7 system have previously been
       reviewed by FDA in K172122, K172507, and K180126.

Performance Data

      The SOZO system has gone through appropriate testing per design controls to confirm
        functionality and performance of the new indications.

        Electrical safety/EMC: testing was performed according to the requirements set forth in IEC
      60601 (subparts -1, -1-2, and -1-6). It was determined that the SOZO device meets electrical
        safety and EMC requirements, and CB certificate was granted for the system.

      Software V&V: the same ‘level of concern’ software documentation as the predicate device
      was created and testing performed in accordance with ISO 62304. The software was verified
      and validated to meet acceptance criteria and perform as intended.

       Biocompatibility: testing was performed by an accredited third party according to the
       requirements set forth in ISO 10993 for a low risk, limited contact device. It was determined
        that the SOZO system passed biocompatibility testing with no failures reported.

       Functional performance: multiple SOZO systems were tested for design reliability by
       repeatedly placing weights on the components that encounter the most physical stress.
       Testing showed that the system is expected to remain functional throughout its intended life.

        Clinical testing: clinical studies have identified the applicability of ImpediMed’s BIS
       technology to act as an aid in body composition.

      Comparative performance vs. predicate device: using a test fixture to create multiple
        fixed impedance loads representing different ‘humans’, a SOZO system was compared
       against ImpediMed’s SFB7 system to verify correlation in outputs. The SOZO system
      showed a very strong correlation (r > 0.99) compared to outputs from the SFB7 device.


                                                                       Page 3 of 4

K190529
                                                                                                                            Page 4 of 4


        In all instances, the SOZO system functioned as intended and all results observed were as
       expected.

Conclusions

      The SOZO system is as safe and effective as its predicate device. The SOZO system has
       the same intended uses and similar indications, technological characteristics, and principles
        of operation as its predicate device. In addition, the minor software and labeling differences
      between the SOZO system and its predicate device raise no new issues of safety or
        effectiveness. Performance data demonstrate that the SOZO system is as safe and effective
      as its predicate device. Thus, the SOZO system is substantially equivalent.


                                                                       Page 4 of 4