Koios Medical, Inc.                                                    July 3, 2019
℅ Mr. Lev Barinov
VP of Clinical Excellence and Applied Research
500 7th Avenue, 8th Floor
NEW YORK NY 10018

Re: K190442
    Trade/Device Name: Koios DS for Breast
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2060
    Regulation Name: Computer-assisted diagnostic software for lesions suspicious for cancer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: POK
    Dated: June 27, 2019
    Received: June 28, 2019

Dear Mr. Barinov:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K190442 – Mr. Lev Barinov                                                            Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                              For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K190442

Device Name
Koios DS for Breast


Indications for Use (Describe)
Koios Decision Support (DS) for Breast is a software application designed to assist trained interpreting physicians in
analyzing the breast ultrasound images of patients with soft tissue breast lesions who are being referred for further
diagnostic ultrasound examination. Koios DS for Breast is a machine learning-based decision support system, indicated as
an adjunct to diagnostic ultrasound for breast cancer. Koios DS for Breast automatically classifies user-selected region(s)
of interest (ROIs) containing a breast lesion into four BI-RADS-aligned categories (Benign, Probably Benign, Suspicious,
Probably Malignant), and displays a continuous graphical confidence level indicator of where the lesion falls across all
categories. Koios DS for Breast also automatically classifies lesion shape and orientation according to BI-RADS
descriptors.

The software requires a user to select up to two ROIs, from up to two orthogonal views, that represent a single lesion to be
selected and processed. When utilized by an interpreting physician who has completed the prescribed training, this device
provides information that may be useful in rendering an accurate diagnosis. Patient management decisions should not be
made solely on the results of the Koios DS for Breast analysis. This device is intended to help trained interpreting
physicians improve their overall accuracy as well as reduce inter- and intra-operator variability.

Koios DS for Breast may also be used as an image viewer of multi-modality digital images, including ultrasound and
mammography. The software includes tools that allow users to adjust, measure and document images, and output into a
structured report.

Limitations: Koios DS for Breast is not to be used on sites of post-surgical excision, or images with doppler, elastography,
or other overlays present in them. Koios DS for Breast is not intended for the primary interpretation of digital
mammography images. Koios DS for Breast is not intended for use on mobile devices.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K190442


               5. 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted as part of the
Pre-Market Notification in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR Part 807, Subpart
E and Section 807.92.

1. Identification of Submitter:
Submitter:    Koios Medical Inc.
Address:     500 7th Avenue
                  8th Floor
          New York, NY 10018
Phone:       732-529-5755
Fax:         732-529-5757
Contact:     Lev Barinov
Title:      VP of Clinical Excellence & Applied Research
Phone:       732-529-5755
Fax:         732-529-5757
Summary Date: February 21, 2019

2. Identification of Product:
Device Name: Koios DS for Breast, Version 2.0
Device Common Name: Radiological Computer-Assisted Diagnostic Software
Device Classification: 21 CFR 892.2060, Class II, POK
Classification Name: Radiological Computer-Assisted Diagnostic Software (CADx) For
                    Lesions Suspicious For Cancer
Manufacturer: Koios Medical, Inc.

3. Marketed Devices
The Koios DS for Breast system is designed to assist trained interpreting physicians in
analyzing the breast ultrasound images of patients with soft tissue breast lesions who have
been referred for further diagnostic ultrasound examination. Ultrasound images of the
breast should be acquired with a small parts linear array or dedicated breast ultrasound
linear array transducers. The system provides a generated categorical output that aligns
with  or exceeds  the  sensitivity and  specificity  of  radiologist chosen BI-RADS
categorizations using computer vision and machine learning techniques. In terms of safety
and performance, this software medical device is substantially equivalent to the devices
listed below:

Model: QuantX
Manufacturer: Quantitative Insights, Inc.
510(k) Number: DEN170022

                 510(k) Summary                         Koios Medical, Inc.
                                               5-1

Model: ClearView cCAD, Version 1.0
Manufacturer: ClearView Diagnostics, Inc.
510(k) Number: K161959

4. Device Description
Koios Decision Support (DS) for Breast is a software application designed to assist
trained interpreting physicians in analyzing breast ultrasound images. The system
provides image derived data via web triggering and remote analysis. The software device
is a web application that is deployed to a Microsoft IIS web server and accessed by a user
through a compatible client. Once logged in and granted access to the Koios DS for
Breast application, the user examines selected breast ultrasound DICOM images. The
user selects up to two Regions of Interest (ROIs) of two orthogonal views of a breast
lesion for processing by Koios DS for Breast. The ROI(s) are transmitted electronically to
the Koios DS for Breast server for image processing and the results are returned to the
user for review.

The Koios DS for Breast core engine characterizes image features using the ROI data to
generate a categorical output that aligns to BI-RADS categories. The engine uses
computer vision and machine learning techniques embedded within a software capable of
reading, interpreting, analyzing, and generating findings from ultrasound data. The
underlying engine draws upon knowledge learned from a large database of known cases,
tying image features to their eventual diagnosis, to form a predictive model. The
categorical output of the Koios DS for Breast engine is divided into four categories
(Benign, Probably Benign, Suspicious, Probably Malignant), separated by three operating
points, aligning with or exceeding the sensitivity and specificity of radiologist chosen BIRADS categorizations. . The output of the system is a digital display to be used as a
concurrent read. Koios DS for Breast is intended to support compliance with the ACR
BI-RADS ultrasound lexicon classification form. The engine additionally classifies the
region of interest on the basis of shape (Oval, Round, Irregular) and orientation (Parallel
to Skin, Not Parallel).

Koios DS for Breast results can be saved or transferred in three separate ways: in-transit
transmission, PACS saving, and exporting results to third-party reporting software. Intransit transmission may be utilized when users wish to share analyses across viewing
workstations. Results can be stored in in-transit memory for a preset period of time
defined by a system administrator. These results are never locally cached, written to disk,
or otherwise stored outside of in-transit memory. After that preset period of time, all

                 510(k) Summary                         Koios Medical, Inc.
                                               5-2

results are wiped from the local memory.

Another method of saving is storing a report in the patient series on the PACS. After
single or multiple breast lesion analyses have been performed and ultimately accepted by
a trained interpreting physician, Koios DS for Breast can export a summary report to
PACS as an addendum to the DICOM series that was selected for processing. This report
serves as future reference and aid in comparison of cases requiring follow up. This
functionality is strictly reserved for approved users.

Koios DS for Breast also supports exporting results to third-party reporting software to
facilitate the reporting process. Saving or exporting preferences can be configured by the
system administrator and user.

The Koios DS for Breast software is an ASP.NET web application that is deployed to an
IIS Web Server inside a Windows operating system environment. The software does not
require any specialized hardware, but the time to process ROIs will vary depending on
the hardware specifications. If utilizing the recommended technical specifications, the
time to generate and present results for two analyzed ROIs will be <= 2 seconds. The
Koios DS for Breast processing software is a platform agnostic web service that queries
and accepts DICOM compliant digital medical files from any DICOM compliant device.

Koios DS for Breast is intended to be used on patients with soft tissue breast lesions who
are being referred for further diagnostic ultrasound examination.

5. Indications for Use
Koios Decision Support (DS) for Breast is a software application designed to assist trained
interpreting physicians in analyzing the breast ultrasound images of patients with soft tissue
breast lesions who are being referred for further diagnostic ultrasound examination. Koios
DS for Breast is a machine learning-based decision support system, indicated as an adjunct
to diagnostic ultrasound for breast cancer. Koios DS for Breast automatically classifies
user-selected region(s) of interest (ROIs) containing a breast lesion into four BI-RADSaligned categories (Benign, Probably Benign, Suspicious, Probably Malignant), and
displays a continuous graphical confidence level indicator of where the lesion falls across
all categories. Koios DS  for Breast also automatically  classifies lesion shape and
orientation according to BI-RADS descriptors.

The software requires a user to select up to two ROIs, from up to two orthogonal views,
that represent a single lesion to be selected and processed. When utilized by an interpreting
physician who has completed the prescribed training, this device provides information that

                 510(k) Summary                         Koios Medical, Inc.
                                               5-3

may be useful in rendering an accurate diagnosis. Patient management decisions should
not be made solely on the results of the Koios DS for Breast analysis. This device is
intended to help trained interpreting physicians improve their overall accuracy as well as
reduce inter- and intra-operator variability.

Koios DS for Breast may also be used as an image viewer of multi-modality digital images,
including ultrasound and mammography. The software includes tools that allow users to
adjust, measure and document images, and output into a structured report.

Limitations: Koios DS for Breast is not to be used on sites of post-surgical excision, or
images with doppler, elastography, or other overlays present in them. Koios DS for
Breast is not intended for the primary interpretation of digital mammography images.
Koios DS for Breast is not intended for use on mobile devices.


                 510(k) Summary                         Koios Medical, Inc.
                                               5-4

6. Substantial Equivalence Discussion

 Product       QuantX           ClearView   cCAD  Koios DS for Breast
               (DEN270022)       (K161959)
 Characteristics  CADx device used to   Decision support device   Decision support
                       assist in the            used to assist in the       device used to assist in
                   assessment and         assessment and           the assessment and
                     characterization of       characterization of        characterization of soft
                     breast abnormalities     breast lesions using US    tissue breast lesions
                   using MR image data.   image data.              using US image data.
 Intended Use     Diagnostic Aid using    Diagnostic Aid using     Diagnostic Aid using
                 Machine Learning to   Machine Learning to     Machine Learning to
                     characterize image      generate BI-RADS        characterize image
                     features with user       shape and orientation      features with user
                   provided ROIs to       assessments coupled      provided ROIs to
                    generate a single        with additional user       generate categorical
                   value relative to         input BI-RADS           output that aligns to
                    reference                descriptors to generate a  BI-RADS and autoabnormalities (QI       preliminary BI-RADS     classified shape and
                    Score).                bucket assessment.        orientation.
 Target            High-risk screening;   Any patient that has an     Patients with soft
 Population        diagnostic workup;      identified breast lesion     tissue breast lesions
                    evaluation of known     that is referred for      who are being referred
                    disease                 diagnostic ultrasound      for further diagnostic
                                          examination; excludes    ultrasound
                                              high-risk screening       examination.
 Modality Used    Breast MR Data        Breast Ultrasound Data   Breast Ultrasound Data
 for Analysis
 Input            Medical images        Medical images          Medical images
                   provided in a DICOM   provided in a DICOM    provided in a DICOM
                   format                 format                  format
 Output          “QI” score mapped    BI-RADS bucket        Koios defined
                   onto histograms of      assessment of lesions      categorical and
                      distributions of         based on auto-classified   continuous outputs
                   malignant and benign   shape and orientation     (confidence level
                     lesions               and user supplied inputs   indicator) that align to
                                                   BI-RADS and autoclassified shape and
                                                                          orientation
 Comparative     Metric: AUC        N/A                      Metric: AUC
 Performance     Cases: 111                                      Cases: 900
 Testing           Readers: 19                                     Readers: 15
 Physical          Software Package      Software Package        Software Package
 Characteristics   Operates on off-the-    Operates on off-the-      Operates on off-theshelf hardware           shelf hardware             shelf hardware
 Storage          Storage not supported   Storage not supported     Storage not supported
 Image Input    DICOM          DICOM           DICOM

                 510(k) Summary                         Koios Medical, Inc.
                                               5-5

Description of Similarities and/or Differences:
Indications for Use (IFU)

Comparing the IFU of the primary predicate device QuantX (DEN170022) and Koios DS
for Breast, there are several key similarities and differences outlined below:

Both devices are intended to be utilized as diagnostic aids that operate on user-supplied
Regions of Interest (ROIs). Koios DS for Breast’s core classification engine does not rely
on registration or segmentation to function sothese requirements are not present in its IFU
as compared to those for QuantX. In the case of QuantX, the IFU states “(t)he software
automatically registers images, and segments and analyzes user-selected regions of
interest (ROI).” Accordingly, the IFU for Koios DS for Breast does not contain a similar
provision. The IFU for Koios DS for Breast requires that a user select up to two ROIs
from up to two orthogonal views that represent a single lesion to be selected and
processed.

Both devices provide computer analytics based on morphological and enhancement
characteristics that the QuantX device refers to as imaging (or radiomic) features that are
then synthesized by an artificial intelligence algorithm into a single value. While the
QuantX device generates a “QI score” which is analyzed relative to reference
abnormalities, Koios DS for Breast generates a probability output that analyzes imaging
features relative to a dataset of known ground truth that is then used to generate a
categorical assessment. The categorical assessment provided by Koios DS for Breast
aligns to BI-RADS and auto-classifies shape and orientation.

The intended use population for QuantX includes patients presenting for high-risk
screening, diagnostic imaging workup, or evaluation of known disease. Koios DS for
Breast is intended to be used for assisting trained interpreting physicians in analyzing
patients with soft tissue breast lesions who are being referred for further diagnostic
ultrasound examination. This intended use includes patients presenting with any soft
tissue breast lesion through any form of imaging or physical examination resulting in a
referral for diagnostic ultrasound - thus covering diagnostic imaging workup or the
evaluation of known disease. Koios DS for Breast is not indicated to be used for the
evaluation of patients presenting for high-risk screening, which is the only clear
difference in target populations between the predicate and Koios DS for Breast.

Both the QuantX device and Koios DS for Breast are intended to be used as image
viewers of multi-modality digital images including ultrasound and mammography. Both

                 510(k) Summary                         Koios Medical, Inc.
                                               5-6

sets of software include tools to allow users to measure and document images, and output
the findings in structured DICOM formats. Neither platform is intended for primary
interpretation of digital mammography images. Both platforms contain labeling
instructions with a list of warnings.

The secondary predicate device, cCAD (K161959), which was also developed by Koios
Medical (fka ClearView Diagnostics, Inc.), differs in that it relied upon user-supplied BIRADS descriptors and generated a BI-RADS bucket assessment. Similar to cCAD, Koios
DS for Breast automatically assesses shape and orientation for user selected ROIs, but
does not support the addition of user supplied BI-RADS descriptors to suggest a BIRADS bucket assessment. In addition, although Koios DS for Breast may be utilized as a
primary diagnostic viewer for ultrasound, warnings explicitly limit users from utilizing
the platform for primary interpretation of mammography images along with labeling
instructions with a list of warnings, precautions and contraindications.

Modality

QuantX is intended to be utilized on breast MR data, while Koios DS for Breast is intended
to be utilized on breast ultrasound data. While this clearly differentiates the products, they
are both aligned to the generic FDA device type (per DEN170022) for radiological
computer-assisted software (CADx) for lesions suspicious for cancer.

Koios DS for Breast shares the modality requirements of cCAD.

Input

Per the respective device descriptions of QuantX and Koios DS for Breast, the input to
each consists of medical images provided in a DICOM format. While there are modality
differences that are addressed above, the technical implementation for ingesting images for
processing occurs via the same DICOM based interface.

Koios DS for Breast shares the input requirements of ClearView Diagnostics’ cCAD
product.

Output

The output of both systems differs in both information and style of display. The QuantX
system outputs a “QI” score that is then mapped onto distributions of malignant and benign
lesions. It does not explicitly compute a likelihood of malignancy, but instead relies on the
user to interpret the QI score and its respective position in the benign/malignant histograms
to impact their assessment of the lesion’s underlying risk. Conversely, Koios DS for Breast
directly characterizes a lesion based on categorical and continuous outputs (confidence level

                 510(k) Summary                         Koios Medical, Inc.
                                               5-7

indicator) that are aligned to BI-RADS and auto-classifies shape and orientation. This
allows  for users  to  interpret  the automated assessment alongside an  existing  risk
stratification and feature description lexicon.

In addition, Koios DS for Breast implements an automated assessment of shape and
orientation as done by cCAD. The results are presented in a form substantially similar to
the form provided by cCAD.

Koios DS for Breast, does not provide a BI-RADS bucket assessment of lesions as cCAD
does. Instead, Koios DS for Breast aligns its risk assessment to BI-RADS with categories
chosen such that they align with or exceed the sensitivity and specificity of BI-RADS
categorizations.

Algorithm

Koios DS for Breast and cCAD share a similar algorithm set, training data, and validation
approach for automated shape and orientation assessment.

While Koios DS for Breast and QuantX both aim to characterize lesions suspicious for
cancer, their respective differences in modality necessitate differences in the algorithmic
approach applied. Due to the fact that QuantX does not disclose their algorithmic approach,
Koios Medical cannot speculate as to the underlying architecture of their system. Instead,
Koios Medical aims to demonstrate equivalence through performance impact.

Performance Testing

Koios DS for Breast and cCAD share a similar algorithm set, training data, and validation
approach for automated shape and orientation assessment. As such their performance
results are directly comparable.

When comparing clinical validation between Koios DS for Breast and QuantX, the
sponsors used similar endpoints in their clinical studies. Both sponsors evaluated an Area
Under the Curve (AUC) shift when comparing the performance of users alone versus users
utilizing the respective software platform. The number of cases evaluated in the QuantX
study was 111, while the Koios DS for Breast study evaluated a total of 900 cases. The
number of readers utilized in the QuantX study was 19, while the Koios DS for Breast
study used a total of 15 readers.

While the results of QuantX study showed a mean AUC shift of +0.0487, the Koios DS for
Breast study showed a mean shift of +0.037. The 95% CI was noticeably tighter for the
AUC with a standard error of .0036 for Koios DS for Breast compared to .0254 when
computing the MRMC estimated AUC via the trapezoidal rule. Further, the AUC of both

                 510(k) Summary                         Koios Medical, Inc.
                                               5-8

the first and second reads is considerably higher in the Koios DS for Breast study set than
in the QuantX study with an AUC shift of .7090 to .7577 for QuantX and a shift from .836
to .873 for Koios DS for Breast. While the absolute values for AUC may differ based on
reader, data, and modality; the range for possible improvement has a smaller lower bound
in the Koios DS for Breast clinical evaluation. In conclusion, the Koios DS for Breast study
has  demonstrated  substantially  equivalent  performance  to QuantX by showing  a
statistically significant acceptance of similar success criteria to QuantX with a smaller
standard error.


7. Clinical Performance Data
A clinical study was executed to determine the effect of Koios DS for Breast on reader
performance. The study objective was to determine the impact on Interpreting Physician
(Reader) performance as defined by the area under the Receiver Operating Characteristic
(ROC) Curve (AUC) when Koios DS for Breast and an ultrasound examination are
combined (USE + DS), compared to USE Alone in patients that present with a soft tissue
breast lesion through any form of imaging or physical examination and are referred for
diagnostic ultrasound.

The study consisted of 15 readers with varying levels of training and experience
providing analysis on a randomized set of 900 patient cases presented with USE + DS
and USE Alone in two reading periods separated by a 1-month wash-out, totaling 1800
cases analyzed per reader. The reader set and dataset were distributed in accordance with
FDA guidance and are explained in detail below:

Reader Experience


                 510(k) Summary                         Koios Medical, Inc.
                                               5-9

Years of
Breast Fellowship Experience - MQSA
Trained and/or Mammography Qualified
Board Dedicated Breast and/or Breast Academic Institution Interpreting
Reader ID Certification’: Imager Ultrasound Affiliation (Yes/No) Physician
1 Diagnostic Radiology No 13 Years No Yes
2 Diagnostic Radiology No 4Years No No
3 Diagnostic Radiology Yes 7 Years Yes Yes
4 Breast Surgeon No 0 Years No No
5 OB/GYN No 20 Years No No
6 Diagnostic Radiology No 13 Years Yes No
7 Diagnostic Radiology No 3 Years Yes No
& OB/GYN No 0 Years No No
9 Diagnostic Radiology Yes 15 Years No Yes
10 Diagnostic Radiology No 13 years No No
" Diagnostic Radiology Yes 30 Years No Yes
12 Diagnostic Radiology Yes 10 Years Yes Yes
13 Diagnostic Radiology No 0 Years No No
14 Interventional Radiology No 4 Years No No
15 Breast Surgeon No 25 Years Yes No
Reader Experience Breakdown
510(k) Summary Koios Medical, Inc.
5-10

Dataset Demographic Information

The following patient demographics, as measured by the Breast Cancer Surveillance
Consortium (2006-2009), were met to ensure populations representative of national rates:

      592 White women
      73 Hispanic women
      77 African American women
      133 Asian women
      25 cases that do not fall in the above categories

The age distribution of patients included within the study were:

            •  <40:        15.3%      = 138
            •   40-49:       25.3%      = 228
            •   50-59:       23.0%      = 207
            •   60-74:       26.1%      = 235
            •   75-84:       7.6%       = 68
            •  85+:        1.0%       = 9
            •  N/A:        1.7%       = 15

  Breast Density information for the clinical study was as follows:
   •  BI-RADS 1:  12.8%
   •  BI-RADS 2:  38.1%
   •  BI-RADS 3:  33.2%
   •  BI-RADS 4:  15.9%
The lesion sizes included within the study ranged from 3-80mm with 332/900 (36.9%)
<10mm, 229/900 (25.4%) 10-14mm, 132/900 (14.7% 15-19mm, and 200/900 (22.2%) >
20mm. Size was unavailable for 7 lesions (0.8%). The minimum lesion size was 3mm.

Per the primary endpoint of the study, ROC curves were generated and analyzed. All
AUCs were computed via the trapezoidal approximation. Based on the standard error
measurements, the error can be propagated to estimate the mean performance interface
and 95% confidence interval. This was found to be 0.0370 (0.030, 0.044) at α = .05,
satisfying the success criteria for the primary endpoint.

To characterize the effect of Koios DS (USE + DS) system on inter-operator variability,
the Kendall Tau-B correlation coefficient was computed in a pairwise manner for all
readers. The metric is > 0 for all reader pairs. The standard error for USE + DS and USE
Alone was computed to assess if the shifts in the metric were significant. The average
Kendall Tau-B of USE Alone was .5404 (.5301, .5507) and the average Kendall Tau-B of

                 510(k) Summary                         Koios Medical, Inc.
                                             5-11

USE + DS was .6797 (.6653, .6941) with 95% CI demonstrating a significant increase in
the metric (α = .05).

Also assessed was the effect of Koios DS on intra-operator variability leveraging 150
reads that did not switch from USE Alone to USE + DS across the washout session in the
reader study (75 each). USE Alone class switching rate was 13.6% and the USE + DS
class switching rate was 10.8% (p = 0.042), demonstrating a statistically significant
reduction in intra-reader variability when using USE + DS.

8. Non-Clinical Performance Data
Malignancy Risk Classification:

Bench testing was performed to ascertain the degree of concordance with trained
interpreting physicians. Ground truth for malignancy risk classification was determined
by pathology or 1-year follow-up for cases that were not biopsied. The system was
analyzed on 900 lesions from 900 different patients set aside from the system’s training
data for the purpose of validating performance. Each lesion is represented by two
orthogonal images (e.g. radial and anti-radial), providing a total of 1800 images. System
performance on the 900 cases reported an AUC of 88.2%.

BI-RADS Descriptors:

Bench testing was performed to ascertain the degree of concordance with trained
interpreting physicians. Ground truth for shape and orientation was supplied by three
MQSA certified radiologists. These physicians, all with over 20 years of experience and
at least 3000 images read per year, evaluated this dataset on the aforementioned
parameters. The system was used to analyze these 1300 cases on the same parameters.
In the first test, the system was analyzed on 1204 cases which had a majority decision on
shape and 1227 lesions which had a majority decision on orientation. The Koios DS for
Breast system was able to achieve overall accuracy that fell within the 95% confidence
interval of the radiologists’ performance, rendering them statistically equivalent.


                 510(k) Summary                         Koios Medical, Inc.
                                             5-12

Koios DS                                   Cut Off for
                  for Breast   Koios DS for                  Proportion Point
                 properly       Breast                        estimate
   Category     Identified    Proportion     95% CI                               Conclusion


     Lesion                                 [89.43%                       Within criteria established
  orientation     1125       91.12%        92.60%]         86.12%          for clinical equivalence


                                           [85.68%                       Within criteria established
 Lesion shape     1066       87.62%        89.36%]         83.54%          for clinical equivalence

  Koios DS performance for shape and orientation classification, when measured against majority decision

In the second test, categorical agreement between each pair of readers was compared to
agreement between each reader and the system. For this test, majority agreement was not
enforced and all cases were analyzed for reader-reader and reader-system agreement.
Agreement was estimated by means of calculating the Cohen’s Kappa coefficient for
each pair. On average, for both shape and orientation, the level of agreement between two
pairs of readers was not found to statistically differ from the level of agreement between
readers and the system.

                                        𝜿𝜿: Reader vs Reader              𝜿𝜿: System vs Reader
         Shape           0.769 [0.711, 0.826]          0.738 [0.679, 0.797]
          Orientation      0.728 [0.655, 0.801]          0.744 [0.675, 0.813]

  Average kappa coefficient and 95% confidence intervals for reader vs reader and system vs reader categorizations


                 510(k) Summary                         Koios Medical, Inc.
                                             5-13

9. Conclusion
Based on the substantial equivalence evaluation, which is derived from the nonclinical
and clinical tests that demonstrate that the device is as safe, as effective, and performs as
well as or better than the legally marketed device predicates, we have determined that the
Koios DS for Breast product is substantially equivalent to DEN170022 and K161959.


                 510(k) Summary                         Koios Medical, Inc.
                                             5-14