Aidoc Medical, Ltd.                                                    April 15, 2019
          J. Smith, M.D., J.D.
Regulatory Counsel
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street, NW
WASHINGTON DC 20004

Re: K190072
    Trade/Device Name: BriefCase
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: January 15, 2019
    Received: January 15, 2019

Dear Dr. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 3 . 0 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K190072 - John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.                                                      Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/CombinationProducts/GuidanceRegulatoryInformation/ucm597488.htm); good
manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820)
for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if
applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-
1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to http://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/Safety/ReportaProblem/default.htm.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice
(https://www.fda.gov/MedicalDevices/DeviceRegulationandGuidance/) and CDRH Learn
(http://www.fda.gov/Training/CDRHLearn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and
Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website
(http://www.fda.gov/DICE) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone
(1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                              Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                          and Radiological Health
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                        Food and Drug Administration                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                      See PRA Statement below

510(k) Number (if known)
K190072

Device Name

BriefCase
Indications for Use (Describe)

BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the
analysis of non-enhanced head CT and CTPA images. The device is intended to assist hospital
networks and trained radiologists in workflow triage by flagging and communication of suspected
positive findings of Intracranial Hemorrhage (ICH) and Pulmonary Embolism (PE) pathologies. For
the PE pathology, the software is only intended to be used on single-energy exams.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with
detected findings on a standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care
image interpretation. The user is presented with notifications for cases with suspected findings.
Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only
and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original
medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and
based on their professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified
clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
       ☒ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   ☐ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR
              801 Subpart C)

                 CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

            This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
   *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per
         response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather
        and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information.
        Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information
           collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of
                                          Health and Human
                                           Services Food and
                                      Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork
                                         Reduction Act
                                      (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs
                                           .gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

510(k) Summary
                     Aidoc Medical, Ltd.’s BriefCase (K190072)


Submitter:

       Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
      92 Yigal Alon St.
        Tel-Aviv, Israel
      Phone:             +972-73-7946870

       Contact Person:      N. Epstein, Ph.D.

      Date Prepared:         April 4th, 2019

Name of Device:            BriefCase

Classification Name:         Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
                            device

Regulatory Class:          Class II

Product Code:          QAS (21 C.F.R. 892.2080)

Predicate Device:           BriefCase (K180647, for ICH triage)

Device Description

BriefCase is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device. The
software system is based on an algorithm programmed component and is comprised of a standard
off-the-shelf  operating system,  the  Microsoft Windows  server 2012  64bit, and  additional
applications, which include PostgreSQL, DICOM module and the BriefCase Image Processing
Application. The device consists of the following three modules: (1) Aidoc Hospital Server (AHS);
(2) Aidoc Cloud Server (ACS); and (3) Aidoc Worklist Application that is installed on the radiologist’
desktop and provides the user interface in which notifications from the BriefCase software are
received.

DICOM images are received, saved, filtered and de-identified before processing.  Series are
processed chronologically by running an algorithm on each series to detect suspected findings and
then notifications on flagged series are sent to the Worklist desktop application, thereby prompting
preemptive triage and prioritization.

The Worklist Application displays the pop-up text notifications of new studies with suspected
findings when they come in.  Notifications are in the form of a small pop-up containing patient
name, accession number and the relevant pathology (e.g., PE). A list of all incoming cases with
suspected findings is also displayed. Hovering over a notification or a case in the worklist pops up
a compressed, small black and white, unmarked image that is captioned “not for diagnostic use”
and is displayed as a preview function.  This compressed preview is meant for informational
purposes only, does not contain any marking of the findings, and is not intended for primary
diagnosis beyond notification.

Presenting the radiologist with notification facilitates earlier triage by prompting the user to assess
the relevant original images in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention earlier than
would have been the case in the standard of care practice alone.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the
analysis of non-enhanced head CT and CTPA images. The device is intended to assist hospital
networks and trained radiologists in workflow triage by flagging and communication of Intracranial
Hemorrhage (ICH) and Pulmonary Embolism (PE) pathologies. For the PE pathology, the software
is only intended to be used on single-energy exams.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with
detected findings on a standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care
image interpretation. The user is presented with notifications for cases with suspected findings.
Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only
and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original
medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and
based on their professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified
clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The subject BriefCase for PE triage and predicate device BriefCase for ICH triage (K180647) are
identical in all aspects and defer only with respect to the training of the algorithm on PE and ICH
images, respectively.

Both devices are radiological computer-aided triage and notification software programs.  Both
devices are  artificial intelligence algorithms incorporated software packages for use with CT
scanners, PACS, and radiology workstations. As noted above, both devices are intended to aid in
triage and prioritization of radiological images. The predicate device processes head CTs and is
indicated for intracranial hemorrhage triage, while the subject device also processes CTPA images
and is indicated for Pulmonary Embolism triage. Both devices are intended to provide radiologists
with  notifications and unannotated preview images  of suspect studies  for the purpose  of
preemptive triage.

In addition, both software devices notify the attending radiologist of the availability of time sensitive
radiological medical images for review based on computer aided image analysis. Both devices
send notifications and compressed previews to the radiology workstations’ desktop. Notifications
are meant to prompt the radiologist to start preemptive triage of a flagged case, upon which he
may decide after observing the unannotated, low quality preview on his desktop, to turn to the local
PACS to perform evaluation of the original series earlier than would have been the case without
BriefCase.

Thus, the subject and predicate BriefCase raise the same types of safety and effectiveness
questions, namely, accurate detection of findings within the processed study. It is important to note
that, like the predicate, the subject device does not remove cases from the standard of care reading
queue. Both devices operate in parallel with the standard of care, which remains the default option
for all cases.

A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.

Table 1. Key feature comparison
                           Predicate Device                         Subject Device
               Aidoc Briefcase for ICH triage (K180647)   Aidoc Briefcase for ICH and PE triage
Intended Use /   BriefCase is a radiological computer aided   BriefCase is a radiological computer aided
Indications for    triage and notification software indicated      triage and notification software indicated
Use                for use in the analysis of non-enhanced       for use in the analysis of non-enhanced
               head CT images. The device is intended to  head CT and CTPA images. The device is
                   assist hospital networks and trained         intended to assist hospital networks and
                   radiologists in workflow triage by flagging     trained radiologists in workflow triage
               and communication of suspected positive    by flagging and communication of
                   findings of pathologies in head CT images,   suspected positive findings of Intracranial
               namely Intracranial Hemorrhage (ICH).     Hemorrhage (ICH) and Pulmonary
                                                    Embolism (PE) pathologies. For the PE
                 BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence       pathology, the software is only intended to
                  algorithm to analyze images and highlight   be used on single-energy exams.
               cases with detected ICH on a standalone
                desktop application in parallel to the         BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence
                ongoing standard of care image              algorithm to analyze images and highlight
                    interpretation. The user is presented       cases with detected findings on a
                  with notifications for cases with suspected   standalone desktop application in parallel
              ICH findings. Notifications                    to the ongoing standard of care image
                  include compressed preview images that     interpretation. The user is presented
                 are meant for informational purposes only    with notifications for cases with suspected
               and not intended for diagnostic use           findings. Notifications include compressed
               eyond notification. The device does not     preview images that are
                     alter the original medical image and is not   meant for informational purposes only and
                 intended to be used as a diagnostic device.  not intended for diagnostic use
                                                    beyond notification. The device does not
              The results of BriefCase are intended to be   alter the original medical image and is not
               used in conjunction with other               intended to be used as a diagnostic device.
                   patient information and based on
                  professional judgment, to assist with       The results of BriefCase are intended to be
                     triage/prioritization of medical images.      used in conjunction with other
                   Notified clinicians are responsible for         patient information and based on their
                 viewing full images per the standard of       professional judgment, to assist with
                  care.                                              triage/prioritization of medical images.
                                                                   Notified clinicians are responsible for
                                                           viewing full images per the standard of
                                                                care.

User population  Radiologist                                  Radiologist
Anatomical     Head                              Head and chest
region of
interest
Data             Non-contrast head CT scan                 Non-contrast head CT scan and CTPA
acquisition                                                        (single energy exams only)
protocol
View DICOM   DICOM Information about the patient,     DICOM Information about the patient,
data             study and current image                    study and current image
Segmentation    No; device does not mark, annotate, or      No; device does not mark, annotate, or
of region of        direct users’ attention to a specific location    direct users’ attention to a specific location
interest            in the original image                             in the original image

Algorithm           Artificial intelligence algorithm with              Artificial intelligence algorithm with
                database of images                      database of images
Notification/Prio  Yes                                Yes
ritization

Preview images  Presentation of a small, compressed, black   Presentation of a small, compressed, black
                and white preview image that is labeled     and white preview image that is labeled
                   “Not for diagnostic use”;                    “Not for diagnostic use”;
                The device operates in parallel with the     The device operates in parallel with the
                   standard of care, which remains the default  standard of care, which remains the default
                    option for all cases.                          option for all cases.
  Alteration of    No                              No
   original image
  Removal of     No                              No
  cases from
   worklist queue


Performance Data

Pilot Study Summary
The company conducted a retrospective evaluation of 2,803 CT pulmonary angiogram (CTPA)
exams of patients with suspected PE, from a single center. The goal of this study was primarily to
demonstrate that the BriefCase software can identify PE with high accuracy. Ground truth was
determined by a review of a single radiologist and the radiology report. Another radiologist was
used to break ties between the report and the reviewer.

Performance Endpoints: Specificity and sensitivity.

Pilot Study Results
Sensitivity was 93.0% (95% CI: 90.2%-95.1%). Specificity was 93.7% (95% CI: 92.7%-94.6%).

Pivotal Study Summary
Aidoc conducted a retrospective, blinded, multicenter, multinational study with the BriefCase
software with the primary endpoint to evaluate the software’s performance in identifying CTPAs
containing pulmonary embolism in 184 cases from 3 clinical sites (2 US and 1 OUS). There were
approximately an equal number of positive and negative cases (images with PE versus without
PE) included in the analysis.

Sensitivity and specificity exceeded the 80% performance goal.  Specifically, sensitivity was
observed to be 90.6% (95% CI: 82.2%-95.9%) and specificity was observed to be 89.9% (95% CI:
82.2%-95.1%).

In addition, a secondary endpoint measure was Briefcase’s potential clinical benefit of worklist
prioritization for true positive PE cases. For that purpose, in two medical centers, one in Israel and
one in the US, Aidoc compared the standard-of-care metric of time-to-exam-open to the software’s
time-to-notification metric for PE cases.

The BriefCase time-to-notification includes the time to get the DICOM exam, de-identify it, upload
it to the cloud, analyze and send a notification back to the worklist application. The standard of
care time-to-open-exam consisted of the time from the initial scan of the patient to when the
radiologist first opened the exam for review.

The standard of care time-to-exam-open was compared to the BriefCase time-to-notification for 51
True Positive cases (i.e. identified as positive both by the reviewers as well as the BriefCase
device), and the results are reported in the Table 2 below.

The BriefCase time-to-notification for PE was 3.9 minutes (95% CI: 3.7-4.1). In contrast, standard

of care time-to-exam-open was much longer (64.1 minutes: 95% CI 36.6-91.5). The mean
difference of 60.2 minutes (95% CI 32.7-87.6) for these two metrics is statistically significant and
assuming the radiologist receives a notification on a true positive PE case and acts on  it
immediately, it can on average save 60.2 minutes (95% CI 32.7-87.6) compared to the time-toexam-open in a FIFO reading queue. The value of 60.2 is based on the study of 51 cases, taken
from 2 medical centers (1 US, 1 OUS), and may vary in practice.

                              Table 2. Time saving data
                 N               Lower       Upper
                        Mean
       Parameter                       Confidence   Confidence   Median    P-value
                              estimate
                                                  Limit           Limit

  Time-to-open-exam in                     51     64.1        36.6          91.5        49.0
   the standard of care
  Time-to-notification of                     51     3.9          3.7            4.1         3.9
      BriefCase PE
        Difference       51     60.2        32.7          87.6        45.2     <0.0001


Thus, the reported time savings data demonstrates that radiologists may have the opportunity to
be involved in the clinical workflow substantially earlier thanks to the notifications from the
BriefCase device.

In summary, performance validation data, combined with real-world evidence, establish the
achievement of effective preemptive triage by the BriefCase image analysis algorithm as well as
effective notification functionality of the BriefCase application, as compared to the standard of care
for improved time-to-exam-open of a notified case.

Conclusions

The subject BriefCase for PE triage and the predicate BriefCase for ICH triage devices are both
intended to aid in prioritization and triage of radiological medical images for the indications of
Pulmonary Embolism and Intracranial Hemorrhage, respectively. The labeling of both devices
clearly states that the devices are not for diagnostic use. Both devices are software packages with
similar technological characteristics and principles of operation, incorporating deep learning AI
algorithms that process images, and software to send notifications and unannotated compressed
preview images to the radiologists’ workstation. In both devices, the labeling instructs the user to
further evaluate and diagnose based only on the original images in the local PACS.

Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not
change the original image, do not provide any marking on the output preview, and do not remove
images from the standard of care FIFO queue, thus not disturbing standard interpretation of the
images by the attending radiologists. Both devices achieve reduction of the standard of care timeto-open-exam to several minutes, which is the BriefCase’ time-to-notification, and thus contribute
similarly to the standard of care workflow turnaround time reduction through preemptive triage.

The BriefCase device for PE triage is thus substantially equivalent to the BriefCase for ICH triage.