WellDoc, Inc.                             November 4, 2019
Caroline York
Senior Vice President, Operations
10221 Wincopin Circle, Suite 150
Columbia, Maryland 21044

Re: K190013
    Trade/Device Name: WellDoc BlueStar
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 880.5725
    Regulation Name: Infusion Pump
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MRZ, NDC
    Dated: October 25, 2019
    Received: October 28, 2019

Dear Caroline York:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

K190013 - Caroline York                                                               Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,

               Alan M. Stevens -S


                                        Alan Stevens
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT3C: Division of Drug Delivery and
                                             General Hospital Devices,
                                           and Human Factors
                                  OHT3: Office of Gastrorenal, ObGyn,
                                             General Hospital and Urology Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                              Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K190013

Device Name
WellDoc® BlueStar®


Indications for Use (Describe)
The WellDoc BlueStar® System is indicated for use by healthcare providers (HCPs) and their patients – aged 18 years
and older - who have type 1 or type 2 diabetes. The BlueStar System is intended to provide secure capture, storage, and
transmission of blood glucose data as well as information to aid in diabetes self-management. The BlueStar® System
analyzes and reports blood glucose test results and supports medication adherence. In addition, the BlueStar System
provides coaching messages (motivational, behavioral, and educational) based on real-time blood glucose values and
trends. It includes software intended for use on mobile phones or personal computers in the home or in professional
healthcare settings. The software also allows for entry of other diabetes-related healthcare information and provides
educational information.

The BlueStar® System is not intended to replace the care provided by a licensed healthcare professional, including
prescriptions, diagnosis, or treatment.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                             Page 1 of 1                                                     PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                              Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K190013

Device Name
WellDoc® BlueStar®


Indications for Use (Describe)
The WellDoc BlueStar® Rx System is indicated for use by healthcare providers (HCPs) and their patients – aged 18 years
and older - who have type 1 or type 2 diabetes. The BlueStar® Rx System is intended to provide secure capture, storage,
and transmission of blood glucose data as well as information to aid in diabetes self-management. The BlueStar® Rx
System analyzes and reports blood glucose test results and supports medication adherence. In addition, the BlueStar® Rx
System provides coaching messages (motivational, behavioral, and educational) based on real-time blood glucose values
and trends. It includes software intended for use on mobile phones or personal computers in the home or in professional
healthcare settings. The software also allows for entry of other diabetes-related healthcare information and provides
educational information. BlueStar® Rx includes an insulin dose calculator to allow patients to use their prescribed
regimen to calculate a dose of insulin for a given amount of carbohydrates and/or blood glucose value.

The BlueStar® Rx System is not intended to replace the care provided by a licensed healthcare professional, including
prescriptions, diagnosis, or treatment.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                             Page 1 of 1                                                     PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K190013 510(k) Summary

Date of Summary Preparation: November 1, 2019
Name of Manufacturer:     WellDoc, Inc.
Address:                 10221 Wincopin Circle, Suite 150
                          Columbia, MD 21044
Contact Person:            Kevin McRaith
                           Chief Executive Officer
Phone:                     (443) 692-3100
Fax:                        (443) 692-3099
Trade or Proprietary Name:  WellDoc® BlueStar®
Common or Usual Name:    Medical computers and software
                             Infusion pump accessories
Product Codes:          MRZ, NDC
Regulation:               21 CFR 880.5725 – Accessories, Pump, Infusion
                        21 CFR 868.1890 – Calculator, Drug dose
Regulatory Class:               II
Classification Panel:        General Hospital
Predicate Device:         K162532 (WellDoc® BlueStar® and BlueStar® Rx System)
Reference Device:         K150910 (Accu-chek Connect Diabetes Management Application)


Device Description

WellDoc® BlueStar® is a stand-alone software system intended to be used by healthcare
providers (HCPs) and their patients – aged 18 years and older - who have Type 1 or Type 2
Diabetes. The system is intended to assist Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetes patients to self-manage
their disease, as cleared under K162532. Patients receive guidance on diabetes self-management
and are encouraged to reach out to their healthcare team when needed. There are two versions of
BlueStar® – BlueStar® and BlueStar® Rx – which differ in the availability of the insulin dose
calculator, which is restricted to a prescription from a licensed HCP with prescribing authority.

BlueStar® and BlueStar® Rx are implemented through an enterprise such as a health plan or
large physician group in tandem with a patient’s healthcare team and are comprised of the
following applications:

          •   Enterprise Director Portal
          •  HCP Service
          •   Patient Mobile Application
          •   Patient Web Portal

The Enterprise Director application is used for administrative purposes. The HCP Service houses
the Medication Reconciliation feature, which allows for the process of identifying the most
accurate list of all medications that the patient is taking, including name, dosage and frequency,
by comparing the medical record to an external list of medications obtained from a patient,
hospital, or other provider (cleared under K141273).


                                                                                   1

The Patient Web Portal and the Patient Mobile application have a similar feature set. Data
(including blood glucose values, medications, carbohydrates, and activity) entered into these
applications are stored in the database and can be retrieved for display in either application. Both
applications require the initial web- or mobile-based registration before the patient can access
them. On the patient applications (Mobile and Web), BlueStar® and BlueStar® Rx function as
an (1) information repository (logbook and Personal Health Record) and (2) diabetes education
resource (learning library and health tips) and provide (3) motivational, behavioral, and
educational coaching based on real-time blood glucose values and trends, (4) a secure
communication system (Message Center), (5) medication information (dose and schedule), and
(6) workflow and decision support for healthcare providers.

In BlueStar® Rx, the patient web portal and mobile application also provide an insulin calculator
to allow patients to use their prescribed regimen to calculate a dose of insulin for a given amount
of carbohydrates and/or blood glucose value. This submission introduces Insulin on Board to be
considered in the calculation. The insulin dose calculator is indicated for prescription-use only.

Furthermore, as cleared under K162225, BlueStar® and BlueStar® Rx have the ability to
connect to the One Touch Verio Flex Blood Glucose Meter (K150214) via Bluetooth. This will
allow users to send data from their meter to the BlueStar® and BlueStar® Rx app, which will
provide coaching messages (motivational, behavioral, and educational) based on the real-time
blood glucose values and trends. The BlueStar Server will also have the ability to transmit data
to the OneTouch Reveal Server. With this application, 3-hour delayed continuous glucose
monitoring device data can be accessed via API and uploaded for data visualization purposes
only. These modifications do not change the fundamental scientific technology of the device.

Indications for Use

The device has two (2) versions: over the counter and prescription.

OTC:

      The WellDoc BlueStar® System is indicated for use by healthcare providers (HCPs) and
        their patients – aged 18 years and older - who have type 1 or type 2 diabetes. The
       BlueStar System is intended to provide secure capture, storage, and transmission of blood
       glucose data as well as information to aid in diabetes self-management. The BlueStar®
      System analyzes and reports blood glucose test results and supports medication
       adherence. In addition, the BlueStar System provides coaching messages (motivational,
       behavioral, and educational) based on real-time blood glucose values and trends. It
       includes software intended for use on mobile phones or personal computers in the home
       or in professional healthcare settings. The software also allows for entry of other
        diabetes-related healthcare information and provides educational information.

      The BlueStar® System is not intended to replace the care provided by a licensed
       healthcare professional, including prescriptions, diagnosis, or treatment.

Rx:


                                                                                   2

The WellDoc BlueStar® Rx System is indicated for use by healthcare providers (HCPs)
      and their patients – aged 18 years and older - who have type 1 or type 2 diabetes. The
      BlueStar® Rx System is intended to provide secure capture, storage, and transmission of
       blood glucose data as well as information to aid in diabetes self-management. The
      BlueStar® Rx System analyzes and reports blood glucose test results and supports
       medication adherence. In addition, the BlueStar® Rx System provides coaching
      messages (motivational, behavioral, and educational) based on real-time blood glucose
       values and trends. It includes software intended for use on mobile phones or personal
      computers in the home or in professional healthcare settings. The software also allows
        for entry of other diabetes-related healthcare information and provides educational
       information. BlueStar® Rx includes an insulin dose calculator to allow patients to use
        their prescribed regimen to calculate a dose of insulin for a given amount of
       carbohydrates and/or blood glucose value.

      The BlueStar® Rx System is not intended to replace the care provided by a licensed
       healthcare professional, including prescriptions, diagnosis, or treatment.

Intended Use

The intended use of the subject device is unchanged from the previously cleared version
(K162352), and is as follows:


      The BlueStar® Rx System is intended to provide secure capture, storage, and
       transmission of blood glucose data as well as information to aid in diabetes selfmanagement. The BlueStar® Rx System analyzes and reports blood glucose test results
      and supports medication adherence. In addition, the BlueStar® Rx System provides
       coaching messages (motivational, behavioral, and educational) based on real-time blood
       glucose values and trends. It includes software intended for use on mobile phones or
       personal computers in the home or in professional healthcare settings. The software also
       allows for entry of other diabetes-related healthcare information and provides educational
       information. BlueStar® Rx includes an insulin dose calculator to allow patients to use
        their prescribed regimen to calculate a dose of insulin for a given amount of
       carbohydrates and/or blood glucose value.

      The BlueStar® Rx System is not intended to replace the care provided by a licensed
       healthcare professional, including prescriptions, diagnosis, or treatment.


Substantial Equivalence Discussion
Intended Use Comparison
The table below includes a comparison of the intended use between the new device and those of the
predicate device:

                                  Subject Device                          Predicate Device
    Characteristic
                        The WellDoc BlueStar System            The WellDoc BlueStar System


                                                                                   3

K190013                            K162532
                OTC: The WellDoc BlueStar® System is    OTC: The WellDoc BlueStar® System is
                      indicated for use by healthcare providers      indicated for use by healthcare providers
                  (HCPs) and their patients – aged 18 years    (HCPs) and their adult patients – aged 21
                  and older - who have Type 1 or Type 2        years and older - who have type 2 diabetes.
                       diabetes. The BlueStar® System is intended  The BlueStar System is intended to
                       to provide secure capture, storage, and        provide secure capture, storage, and
                     transmission of blood glucose data as well    transmission of blood glucose data as well
                     as information to aid in diabetes self-         as information to aid in diabetes selfmanagement. The BlueStar® System        management. The BlueStar® System
                     analyzes and reports blood glucose test       analyzes and reports blood glucose test
                        results and supports medication adherence.    results and supports medication adherence.
                      In addition, the BlueStar® System provides   In addition, the BlueStar System provides
                    coaching messages (motivational,            coaching messages (motivational,
                      behavioral, and educational) based on real-    behavioral, and educational) based on realtime blood glucose values and trends. It       time blood glucose values and trends. It
                     includes software intended for use on         includes software intended for use on
                   mobile phones or personal computers in the   mobile phones or personal computers in
                home or in professional healthcare settings.    the home or in professional healthcare
                 The software also allows for entry of other     settings. The software also allows for entry
                      diabetes-related healthcare information and    of other diabetes-related healthcare
                     provides educational information.            information and provides educational
Indications for Use  The BlueStar® System is not intended to      information.
                     replace the care provided by a licensed
                     healthcare professional, including          The BlueStar® System is not intended to
                       prescriptions, diagnosis, or treatment.         replace the care provided by a licensed
                                                                   healthcare professional, including
                  Rx: BlueStar is indicated for use by            prescriptions, diagnosis, or treatment.
                     healthcare providers (HCPs) and their adult
                       patients – aged 18 years and older - who      Rx: BlueStar® Rx is indicated for use by
                   have Type 1 or Type 2 diabetes. BlueStar®    healthcare providers (HCPs) and their
               Rx is intended to provide secure capture,      adult patients – aged 21 years and older -
                       storage, and transmission of blood glucose   who have type 2 diabetes. BlueStar® Rx is
                     data as well as information to aid in diabetes  intended to provide secure capture,
                    self-management. BlueStar® Rx analyzes     storage, and transmission of blood glucose
                  and reports blood glucose test results and      data as well as information to aid in
                     supports medication adherence. In addition,   diabetes self-management. BlueStar® Rx
                   BlueStar® Rx provides coaching messages    analyzes and reports blood glucose test
                      (motivational, behavioral, and educational)    results and supports medication adherence.
                   based on real-time blood glucose values and   In addition, BlueStar® Rx provides
                       trends. It includes software intended for use   coaching messages (motivational,
                  on mobile phones or personal computers in    behavioral, and educational) based on realthe home or in professional healthcare        time blood glucose values and trends. It
                        settings. The software also allows for entry    includes software intended for use on


                                                                                4

of other diabetes-related healthcare          mobile phones or personal computers in
                       information and provides educational         the home or in professional healthcare
                        information. The prescription version of       settings. The software also allows for entry
                     BlueStar® Rx includes an insulin dose        of other diabetes-related healthcare
                         calculator to allow patients to use their        information and provides educational
                        prescribed regimen to calculate a dose of      information. The prescription version of
                          insulin for a given amount of carbohydrates   BlueStar® Rx includes an insulin dose
                       and/or blood glucose value.                    calculator to allow patients to use their
                                                                     prescribed regimen to calculate a dose of
                     BlueStar® Rx is not intended to replace the   insulin for a given amount of
                        care provided by a licensed healthcare        carbohydrates and/or blood glucose value.
                         professional, including prescriptions,
                         diagnosis, or treatment.                    BlueStar® Rx is not intended to replace
                                                                      the care provided by a licensed healthcare
                                                                         professional, including prescriptions,
                                                                       diagnosis, or treatment.
    Prescription Only
                              OTC, Rx                          OTC, Rx
           or
   Over the Counter
                           Patients with Type 1 or Type 2 Diabetes;           Patients with Type 2 Diabetes;
  Intended Population
                            Aged 18 and older                     Aged 21 and older
    Environment of
                          Home or Clinic                    Home or Clinic
        Use

Discussions of differences in Indications for Use statement
As compared to the previously cleared version, the subject device of this application proposes to
make the following changes:

   •  Change the indications for use to include Type 1 diabetic patients to the user group;
   •  Change the indications for use to allow use in patients aged 18 and older (previously it
      was 21 years and older);
   •  Add Insulin on Board (IOB) to its insulin dose calculator function; and
   •  Add the ability to receive 3-hour delayed data from continuous glucose monitors via API
        for data visualization purposes only.

Discussions of differences in intended population
   •  Change the indications for use to include Type 1 diabetic patients to the user group;
   •  Change the indications for use to allow use in patients aged 18 and older (previously it
      was 21 years and older);

Discussions of differences in environment of use
The environment of use for the subject device is identical to the predicate device: home and
clinic use.


                                                                                   5

Summary
The subject and predicate devices are both insulin dose calculators intended to be used by
diabetic patients. The differences between the subject and predicate devices are focused on the
intended patient population being expanded to include Type 1 diabetic patients and patients aged
18 and older, in addition to updates to the user interface; these changes do not raise different
questions of safety or effectiveness. Performance data provided in the submission, including
human factors, design, and labeling information, demonstrate substantially equivalent
performance to the predicate. The data included participants from the new intended patient
population and in conjunction with implemented labeling risk mitigation measures the device is
equivalent to the predicate.
Moreover, as further demonstrated in the non-clinical testing, the different technological
characteristics of adding the Insulin on Board feature and ability to connect to delayed data from
CGM do not affect the safety and effectiveness of WellDoc BlueStar System.

Technological Characteristics
The table below includes a comparison of the technological characteristics between the new
device and those of the predicate device:


                                                             Reference
                                                              Device
                                               Predicate
                       Subject Device                      The ACCUDevice
   Technological   The WellDoc BlueStar              CHEK Connect
                                       The WellDoc                   Comments
   Characteristic          System                                Diabetes
                                             BlueStar System
                      K190013                         Management
                                        K162532
                                                    App
                                                       K150910
    Insulin Dose                                         Yes (Rx-only)       Same
                     Yes (Rx-only)       Yes (Rx-only)
     Calculator
  Insulin on Board      Yes (Rx-only)          No        Yes (Rx-only)    See Comment 1
                  One-Touch Verio Flex               ACCU-CHEK    See Comment 2
   Connection to                           One-Touch                        and CGMs                         Aviva Connect
   Blood Glucose                              Verio Flex
                (CGM for data                         blood glucose
      Meter
                         visualization only)                           meter

Discussions of differences in technological characteristics:
Comment 1: The addition of Insulin on Board to the Insulin Dose Calculator function available
by prescription-only in BlueStar® Rx.
Both the subject device and reference device use a well-understood and accepted linear decay
model to model the Insulin on Board decay. There are no notable differences with regards to this
technological characteristic to a previously-cleared device.


                                                                                   6

Comment 2: The ability to receive three-hour delayed data from continuous glucose monitoring
devices via API for data visualization purposes only.
The subject device does not use Bluetooth to connect to a Continuous Glucose Meter directly.
There are no new questions with regards to software or cybersecurity. De Novo DEN140038
classified CGM secondary display regulation. BlueStar has complied per the special controls
stated in 21 CFR 862.1350 .


Performance Testing
The following bench testing was performed and reviewed to support the substantial equivalence of the
subject device:

 Software                •   Software verification and validation per the FDA Guidance for the
                             Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical
                            Devices (May 11, 2005) for a Major Level of Concern
                         •  FDA Guidance “Guidance for Industry, FDA Reviewers and
                           Compliance on Off-the-Shelf Software Use in Medical Devices”
 Cybersecurity           •   Cybersecurity was evaluated per the FDA Guidance Content of
                            Premarket Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical
                            Devices Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff,
                             (October 2, 2014). Specifically, addressing the following areas: Identify
                           and Protect, Detect, Response and Recover
 Electrical Safety         •  N/A - This is a stand-alone software system. Electrical Safety testing
                         was not required or completed.
 EMC                   •  N/A
 Wireless Coexistence     •  N/A
 & RF Wireless testing
 Accessory              •  N/A
 compatibility
 Battery testing           •  N/A
 Human Factors          •  Human factors testing was conducted with the intended user populations
                               of patients and healthcare providers. The human factors, design, and
                                labeling information provided in the submission confirm that the user
                                 interface has been adequately validated for use per the labeling.
 Reprocessing/Cleaning   •  N/A
 MR Safety              •  N/A
 Biocompatibility         •  N/A


Clinical Tests
Not Applicable.


                                                                                   7

Conclusions
The differences between the predicate and the subject devices do not raise any new or different questions
of safety or effectiveness. The WellDoc® BlueStar® and BlueStar® Rx System is substantially equivalent
to WellDoc® BlueStar® and BlueStar® Rx System cleared under K162532 with respect to the indications
for use, target populations, treatment method, and technological characteristics.


                                                                                   8