Omega Medical Imaging, LLC                                      October 4, 2018
c/o John Newman
Manager of Regulatory Affairs
3400 St. Johns Parkway, Suite 1020
SANFORD, FL 32771

Re: K191713
    Trade/Device Name: CS-series-FP Radiographic / Fluoroscopic Systems with Optional CA-100S /
                       FluoroShield™ (ROI Assembly)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1650
    Regulation Name: Image-Intensified Fluoroscopic X-Ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAA, OWB
    Dated: May 2, 2019
    Received: June 26, 2019

Dear John Newman:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K191713 - John Newman                                                               Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEAL TH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                    Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indicationsfor Use                       See PRA Statement below.

 510(k) Number (if known)
  K191713

 Device Name

 CS-series-FP  Radiographic  I Fluoroscopic Systems with Optional CA-IOOS I FluoroShield (ROI Assembly)


 Indications for Use (Describe)

 The Omega Medical Imaging, LLC CS-series-FP (SSXI) systems with optional accessory device CA-1 OOS as a
 modification device to provide an automated Region of interest that reduces exposure to the patient and operator. The
 system  is intended for use in Radiographic/fluoroscopic  applications including cardiac, vascular, general
 radiographic/fluoroscopic  diagnostic, and interventional x-ray imaging for General Populations.
 At no time will the CA-1 OOS be considered as a replacement for the primary collimator. The primary collimator shall
 always be used, in accordance with good medical practice, to define a Region of Interest


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                  [i] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)    0 Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                        This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
           time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                      Department of Health and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (7117)                               Page 1of1                                                    PSC Publishing Services ('.'01) 443-6740   EF

Traditional 510(k) SUMMARY      K191713

Company Name:        Omega Medical Imaging, LLC

Address:                3400 St. Johns Parkway, Suite 1020, Sanford, Fl 32771

Telephone No:             407-323-9400

Registration No:           1052701

Contact person:           John Newman (Manager of Regulatory Affairs)

Date Prepared:             08/28/2019

Device (trade) name:       CS-series-FP Radiographic / Fluoroscopic Systems with Optional CA-
                      100S / FluoroShield™ (ROI Assembly)

Common/usual name:       Fluoroscopic/Radiographic X-ray system

Classification Name:         Image-intensified Fluoroscopic x-ray system

Classification Panel:        Radiology

CFR section:              892.1650

Device Class:              Class II

Primary Product code:      JAA

Secondary product code:  OWB

                      Predicate Device K182834

Company Name:        Omega Medical Imaging, LLC

Address:                675 Hickman Circle, Sanford, Florida 32771

Telephone No:             407-323-9400

Registration No:           1052701

Contact person:           John Newman

Date Prepared:             02/13/2019

Device (trade) name:       CS-series-FP Fluoroscopic / Radiographic Systems with Optional CA-
                      100S (ROI Assembly) K182834

Common/usual name:       Fluoroscopic/Radiographic X-ray system

Classification Name:         Image-intensified fluoroscopic x-ray system

Classification Panel:        Radiology

CFR section:              892.1650

        Traditional 510(k) Summary for Optional CA-100S / FluoroShield™ Region of Interest Device, Rev. 4      page-1

Device Class:              Class II

Primary Product code:      JAA

Secondary Product code:   OWB


Device description:

This 510(k) submission is for the addition of an optional secondary fast collimator system (Model:
CA-100S / FluoroShield™ K182834 cleared 02/18/19). The CA-100S/ FluoroShield™ will be used
with the following FDA cleared device: Omega’s CS-series-FP ( K100102) which utilizes a Varex
2020 Flat Panel Detector. (Note: the only difference between this submission and the predicate is
the size of the FPD. The predicate device utilizes a Varex 3030 Flat Panel Detector)

The-CA-100S/ FluoroShield™ system is composed of a Shutter, a ROI Electronics Unit, an AutoROI Processor, two ROI Control Panels and a Monitor (See Figure 1) .

Conventional Collimation              CA-100S/ FluoroShield™ Auto ROI


Optimized Dose Reduction: Advanced Auto Collimation

Omega's (CA-100S/ FluoroShield™) allows for auto collimation while maintaining a perspective of
surrounding anatomy. The blended image incorporates a lower frequency refresh of the peripheral image
area. This combined image (live fluoroscopy of ROI + background refreshed at a rate of once or twice per
second) increases the quality of information presented during interventional procedures.

    Image quality is improved via auto-collimation resulting in a reduced FOV and subsequently less X-ray
       scatter.
     Anatomical landmarks and devices visible outside the Region of Interest (ROI) provide important clinical
      information which are viewed at a reduced exposure level / Rate.
    The CA-100S can be sized and positioned in manual mode, as opposed to conventional collimation,
     which is generally limited to positioning about the center of the image.
     Auto ROI automatically follows the movement of devices i.e. endoscopes, catheters, etc., minimizing
       distraction and input requirements for the operator.


        Traditional 510(k) Summary for Optional CA-100S / FluoroShield™ Region of Interest Device, Rev. 4      page-2

Secondary Collimator CA-
 100S (Shutter) mounted
                                                                                                               Monitor
below primary collimator


                                                        ROI Electronics unit          X-Ray Tube


                                                             Auto ROI Processor
            Primary Collimator


                               ROI Control panels


                                                 Figure 1


During a fluoroscopy procedure, the physician’s attention is focused on a narrow region of interest
(ROI) or a small region within the full field of view after collimating down to an area that will best suit
the procedure with the primary collimator. (Figure 2)


  Figure 2, Primary /               Figure 3, Secondary Collimator,        Figure 4, Blended image from
  Conventional Collimator        CA-100S/FluoroShield™, Shutter            both collimators.
This smaller region of interest (ROI) captured by the secondary collimator (CA-100S) is a small
area within the area defined by the pre-existing primary collimator. (See Figure 3) The area outside
the ROI receives much less attention by the physician but is exposed. The CA-100S secondary
collimator may be used to additionally shield anatomy that is not the primary focus of the physician
but is required to maintain peripheral imaging. The CA-100S ROI image processing combines the
live ROI with the legacy image of the full field of view (defined by the primary collimator). This
allows for the collimation of the ROI without impacting the doctors normal work flow, visualisation,
orientation and navigation. (See Figure 4)

The ROI always contains the central beam for accurate calculations of Air Kerma values.

The CA-100S / FluoroShield™ offers additional collimation by shielding parts of the FOV outside
the ROI without loss of visual information available to the physician or operator. the X-Ray
Generator and Generator Interface are not changed. The system is configured with Omega’s
permanently floor mounted C-Arm that provides motorized positioning of the x-ray source and
image receptor, along with a patient table with options for elevating and tilting.


        Traditional 510(k) Summary for Optional CA-100S / FluoroShield™ Region of Interest Device, Rev. 4      page-3

  System components integrated for this option are:
     a.  CA-100S / FluoroShield™ secondary collimator Components detailed in Yellow.
     b.  Image Processor / Workstation
     c.  Associated electrical / electronic / hardware components (See illustration below)


Typical system configuration consisting of integrated components such as the X-Ray generator, Image
                   Processor, collimator, X-ray Tube, Positioner and patient table.


                                             Figure 5


    Traditional 510(k) Summary for Optional CA-100S / FluoroShield™ Region of Interest Device, Rev. 4      page-4

OPERATION

The CA-100S / FluoroShield™ collimator is installed between the X-ray source and the primary
collimator (See Figure 5). The opening of the secondary collimator shutters is adjustable in
position. When the secondary collimator shutter function is enabled, only the ROI is continuously
exposed and always includes the central beam from the X-ray tube this does not affect Air Kerma
rate, Accumulated Air Kerma or Accumulated Fluoro Time as calculations are derived from
kV, mA, exposure time and SOD. The secondary collimator shutter periodically opens fully to
allow the acquisition of a FOV frame (defined by the primary collimator) that provides the
background peripheral area. The image processing software then provides a combined, or
“blended” image comprising the ROI frame and the most recently acquired FOV frame.
The Product is permanently incorporated in the host fluoroscopy system (Omega’s CS-series-FP)
and its clinical environment. The system is intended to be installed by trained technicians and
operated by professionals trained in its use and the associated medical interventional procedures.
The CA-100S/ FluoroShield™ Product functions in ON Mode, OFF Mode or Bypass Mode. In ON
Mode, the secondary collimator shutter is activated, and the images are blended. In OFF Mode, the
secondary collimator shutter is not driven, and the shutter blades are retracted fully while the
images pass through both collimators without blending images (i.e. all image frames are FOV
image frames defined by the primary collimator). In BYPASS Mode, the secondary collimator
shutter driver is powered down (all shutter blades are retracted) and all received images bypass the
CA 100-S/ FluoroShield™ image processing path.
The Product consists of a Shutter, a ROI Electronics Unit, an Auto-ROI Processor with Status /
Reduction Monitor and two ROI Control Panels. Their operations are described below.


Shutter
The shutter consists of four lead blades that are moved into positions defined by the
operator or automatically by the ROI Processor to determine and select the Region of Interest.
Each shutter blade is moved by the application of a current which drives its magnetic coil. The
electromotive force is counterbalanced by the retracting force of the spring. This current is limited to
1 Amp. The driving voltage is limited to ±30V peak.
The Shutter provides position feedback via low voltage (10V peak) signaling. Power for
the feedback circuit is provided externally as 12V, limited to approximately 200mA.
When not driven, the shutter is mechanically retracted by strong springs. In this state, it
is essentially transparent to the optical path of the Host System.
Neither operators nor patients will come into contact with the shutter.
The enclosure is made of plated steel and aluminum. All moving parts and electrical
components are completely enclosed. External electrical connections are made with
shielded cables. Electrical components are galvanically isolated from the housing. The
shutter and associated cables are enclosed by the housing of the Host System.


        Traditional 510(k) Summary for Optional CA-100S / FluoroShield™ Region of Interest Device, Rev. 4      page-5

ROI Electronics Unit (“REU”)
The REU controls the overall operations of the Product. It receives images from the
receptor panel and transmits images to the Host System’s image processor. If the
received image is an ROI frame, it combines the frame with the background from the
most recent FOV frame.
The REU drives the four shutter blades through independent channels and receives
position feedback through independent channels. The REU holds the blade positions
constant while X-ray emission is in progress. The shutter blades are only moved when there is no
X-ray emission.
The REU receives and responds to user inputs via the ROI Control Panels. (See section
below for details.)
The REU receives and responds to signals representing the state of a fluoro sequence,
the state of X-ray emission, the source-to-image distance, pending or in-progress table
movement, flip and rotation offset, and magnification mode.
The REU sends positions of the boundaries of the ROI and the overall operating status
to the Host System for display on its main screen.
The REU sends blended images to the Auto-ROI Processor and receives the calculated
(recommended) locations for the shutter blades. In auto-ROI mode the REU drives the
blades to these locations.
*On detecting conditions that may compromise operations or longevity of the
Product, the REU puts the Product in OFF Mode. On detecting conditions that may
compromise the image, a loss of communication with, or control over, other modules,
the REU puts the Product in Bypass Mode.
The REU is installed in an electronics cabinet. Neither operators nor patients will come into contact
with the REU.
The REU’s electrical and electronic components are housed in a metallic enclosure. All panels of
the enclosure are bonded to each other. A protective earth terminal is provided.
The REU is intended to operate on a 120/240 Vac, 50/60Hz, single-phase output from an
uninterruptible power supply. The component power supply unit (“PSU”) is
recognized to UL60950-1 and ES60601-1. The Earth terminal of the PSU is bonded to the
enclosure.


        Traditional 510(k) Summary for Optional CA-100S / FluoroShield™ Region of Interest Device, Rev. 4      page-6

ROI Control Panels (“RCP”)
A bedside RCP and a control room/booth RCP provide facilities for the user to control
the operation of the Product. Four buttons and a trackpad are provided on each RCP to
control ROI functionality.
The RCP communicates with the REU over a shielded cable which also carries 12V to
power the RCP. The 12V power source provides 2A of current to both RCPs and other
circuits drawing on this rail. Each RCP consumes about 100mA.
The RCP’s electrical and electronics components are fully enclosed in a metallic
enclosure that provides ingress protection against fluids (jets or strong sprays). The
trackpad is exposed to touch. The touch surface is tied to the enclosure and isolated
from the rest of the circuits. A shielded cable connects the RCP to the REU. The shield
of the cable is tied to the enclosure.


Auto-ROI Processor (“ARP”)
A dedicated computing device receives and analyzes the processed images from the
REU. From these images, the ARP calculates the ROI settings that provide the most useful
image to the physician or operator. The ARP also generates display data that indicates
the operating status and/or status messages. The ARP communicates with the REU via a
single Gigabit Ethernet (“GigE”) connection over CAT5E or CAT6 copper cables with
magnetic isolation at the connectors.
The ARP is enclosed in a metallic housing and is intended to be installed in a control
room or electronics room. It is intended to operate on a 120Vac, 60Hz, single-phase
output from an uninterruptible power supply.


        Traditional 510(k) Summary for Optional CA-100S / FluoroShield™ Region of Interest Device, Rev. 4      page-7

No Mechanical Differences other than the sized of the Flat Panel Detector between
Predicate device and this submission:
   No mechanical changes to mount the CA-100S Sutter under the Primary Collimator
      as illustrated in Figure 6. Both the predicate device and this submission utilize the
     same mechanical mounting for the CA-100S / FluoroShield™ Shutter assembly.


                                        Predicate Device and this submission with CA-100S installed


                                          Primary Collimator


                                                                   CA-100S / FluoroShield™
                                             X-Ray Tube              Shutter (Secondary Collimator)


                                                                            Figure 6


        Traditional 510(k) Summary for Optional CA-100S / FluoroShield™ Region of Interest Device, Rev. 4      page-8

New and adapted Features for implementation of CA-100S into this submission:


       This release provides both REU and ARP support for the Varex 2020 Panel based CA-100S system.
       There are no changes to the existing software that supports the Varex 3030 Panel Based CA-100S
       system.
      Image resolution: image width and height are set to 1024 to match the 2020 system resolution.
      Frame rate: image processing and display frame rates are set to 15 frames per second to match the
       2020 system’s effective frame rate.
      Frame duplication: system will replay the last good known frame when a dark frame (image with no
       matching X-RAY exposure) is input
       Blades’ indices switch: The blade location index is updated to match the panel orientation of the 2020
       system.
      Mag modes: Mag mode 1 and Mag mode 2 is set to 80% and 66.7% of normal mode (Mag mode 0)
       image size, respectively.

Auto ROI Processor Software
      Image resolution: image width and height are set to 1024 to match the 2020 system resolution.
      Frame rate: image processing and display frame rates are set to 15 frames per second to match the
       2020 system’s effective frame rate.
       Ignore duplicate frames in image receiving: a received frame with the same ID as the previous frame
          is skipped for only processing valid frames (such ID duplication occurs due to the valid frame
        duplication in the REU to discard the 2020 system’s alternation between valid and dark frames).
       Shutter’s ROI size and path in calibration: the ROI’s size used in calibration is reduced and its path is
       trimmed to match the narrower field of view of the 2020 system.
       Blades’ indices switch in calibration: the blades’ indices are re-assigned to match the panel
         orientation of the 2020 system.
       Segmentation model: updated model based on trained images from the 2020 system.
       Motion detection module and its incorporation in tracking: a module that computes motion detection
       between consecutive frames, based on which a motion map is generated to improve tracking of the
      ROI in combination with the segmentation map.
        Initial ROI size in Mag modes: the initial ROI in Mag mode 1 and Mag mode 2 is set to 80% and
      66.7% of normal mode (Mag mode 0) image size, respectively.
       Prior probability in tracking and updated parameters: to improve ROI tracking performance.


        Traditional 510(k) Summary for Optional CA-100S / FluoroShield™ Region of Interest Device, Rev. 4      page-9

Reason for Submission:

       Modification of a cleared device.

  Comparison with Predicate Devices:

Indications for use comparison:
510(k)      K182834 (Predicate Device)                                 (This Submission)
Number     CS-series-FP with optional CA-100S                      CS-series-FP with optional CA-100S
and
Device
Name
Intended    The Omega Medical Imaging, LLC CS-series-FP    The Omega Medical Imaging, LLC CS-series-FP
Use         (SSXI) systems with optional accessory device CA-   (SSXI) systems with optional accessory device CA-
          100S as a modification device to provide an        100S as a modification device to provide an
           automated Region of interest that manages         automated Region of interest that reduces
            exposure to the patient and operator. The System    exposure to the patient and operator. The System
                is intended for use in Radiographic/fluoroscopic        is intended for use in Radiographic/fluoroscopic
              applications including cardiac, vascular, general      applications including cardiac, vascular, general
             radiographic/fluoroscopic diagnostic, and             radiographic/fluoroscopic diagnostic, and
              interventional x-ray imaging for General               interventional x-ray imaging for General
             Populations.                                        Populations.
             At no time will the CA-100S be considered as a       At no time will the CA-100S be considered as a
            replacement for the primary collimator. The primary   replacement for the primary collimator. The primary
              collimator shall always be used, in accordance with   collimator shall always be used, in accordance with
           good medical practice, to define a Region of        good medical practice, to define a Region of
              Interest                                                 Interest

Classificati   Image-intensified Fluoroscopic X-ray system                Image-intensified Fluoroscopic X-ray system
on Name:
CFR         892.1650                                              892.1650
Regulation
#:
Device       Class II                                                 Class II
Class
Classificati   JAA, OWB                                            JAA, OWB
on
Product
Code:


  PRODUCT OVERVIEW

  The CA-100S / FluoroShield™ is a secondary collimator that can only be used in conjunction with
  the primary collimator. When using the CA-100S / FluoroShield™, the primary collimator shall be
  used to manually define a region of interest. Once this ROI has been established by the primary
   collimator, the CA-100S / FluoroShield™ can be used to further reduce the size of the ROI beyond
  the ROI initially established with the primary collimator. Due to the reduction in size of the ROI, the
  CA-100S/ FluoroShield™  can offer a reduction in Dose Area Product to patients and medical staff
  by reducing the area of exposure. At no time will the CA-100S/ FluoroShield™ be considered as a
  replacement for the primary collimator. The primary collimator shall always be used, in accordance
   with good medical practice, to define a ROI.
   Additional testing for this submission was performed utilizing a DAP meter to demonstrate the dose
   reduction results utilizing the CA-100S / FluoroShield™ accessory. A clinical study was conducted
  sampling 100 patients as well to demonstrate the dose reduction to patients and staff.

      Predicate device Omega CS-series-FP utilizes the CA-100S.


          Traditional 510(k) Summary for Optional CA-100S / FluoroShield™ Region of Interest Device, Rev. 4      page-10

 The only difference for this submission is use of the CA-100S with a smaller Varex 2020 FPD
      that is 20cm x 20cm verses the predicate device that utilizes a Varex 3030 FPD that is 30cm x
    30cm.


Substantial Equivalence:

    SE was determined on Bench performance testing.  Included in this report is detailed data
     comparing performance with the existing Omega Medical Imaging CS-series-FP system utilizing
     the CA-100S integrated with the Varex 3030 FPD verses the Varex 2020 FPD. The tests that
     were performed utilized commercially available Phantoms such as the Phillips Phantom, and
      including a fabricated Moving Catheter to exercise the auto ROI functionality.
      Additional Testing utilizing a DAP meter to further demonstrate the reduction of Patient dose
    was conducted and demonstrated in house bench testing and a 3rd party Clinical Study. This
     substantiates our position in changing the IFU statement from "Manages exposure" to "Reduces
     exposure"


  This device is substantially equivalent to Omega Medical Imaging CS-series-FP Radiographic
  Fluoroscopy System with Optional Accessory Device CA-100S (ROI Assembly) K182834 marketed
  by Omega Medical Imaging LLC. The Omega CS-series-FP with Optional accessory device Model
  CA-100S. The basic system configuration, method of operation, base software and manufacturing
  process remain unchanged from the cleared device. The only difference is the size of the Flat Panel
  detector, Predicate device utilizes a Varex 3030 FPD, this submission utilizes a Varex 2020 FPD.


Safety information:

   The Omega CS-series-FP with the CA-100S option systems comply with the applicable
     requirements of 21 CFR 1020.30, 21 CFR 1020.31, and 21 CFR 1020.32.
   The Omega CS-series-FP with the CA-100S option systems comply with the international safety
     standards EN 60601-1, IEC 60601-1-2, IEC 60601-1-3, IEC 60601-1-4, IEC 60601-1-6, IEC
     60601-2-54, EN ISO 15223-1 and EN ISO 14971.
   The Omega CS-series-FP with the CA-100S option systems comply with UL 60601-1 and
    CAN/USA C22.2 No.601.1-M90
   The device is designed and manufactured under the Quality System Regulations as outlined in
    21 CFR § 820 and ISO 13485 Standards. This device is in conformance with applicable parts
      of the IEC60601-1 standards and its collateral standards.  All requirements of the Federal
     Diagnostic Equipment Standard, as outlined in 21 CFR § 1020, that apply to this device will be
    met and reported in this initial report.
     This device conforms to applicable Performance Standards for Ionizing Radiation Emitting
      Products [21 CFR Subchapter J, Federal Diagnostic X-ray Equipment Standard].


Safety is assured through a risk management process and manufacturing is in compliance with the
Quality System Regulations

Conclusion:

    The technological characteristics of Omega CS-series-FP with Optional accessory device
     Model CA-100S  is substantially equivalent to the Omega Medical Imaging CS-series-FP


       Traditional 510(k) Summary for Optional CA-100S / FluoroShield™ Region of Interest Device, Rev. 4      page-11

K182834. This determination was made by comparing intended uses, designs, materials and
   performance. Any differences between the devices do not raise any issues of safety and
    effectiveness. It is the contention of Omega Medical Imaging that all new safety issues have
   been addressed in the design of this change and that adequate evidence of this is presented
    with this submission.

    It is believed that the clinical studies presented in this Submission, taken together with the
    extensive internal bench testing with FluoriSheild™ are sufficient to support the safety and
    effectiveness of FluoroShield to reduce radiation during fluoroscopic imaging procedures. A
    prospective study of 100 consecutive patients who underwent fluoroscopy-guided endoscopic
   procedure.  Patients underwent  interventions  utilizing  either conventional fluoroscopy  or
   FluoroSheild™ fluoroscopy system to limit radiation exposure to the region of interest. There
   was no significant difference in demographics, body mass index, procedural type, procedural or
    fluoroscopy time between the conventional and the FluoroShield fluoroscopy systems.


  There were two main Objectives of this clinical study

      1.    To compare and measure radiation exposure to patients by using dose area product
           (DAP).

      2.    To compare and measure scatter radiation to endoscopy personnel measured using
           Landauer Luxel personal dosimetry badges.

       Clinical studies conducted showed When using FluoroShield, unnecessary radiation can be
      reduced up to 61.8% in patients and 59.4% to the staff. FluoroShield technology ensures
        radiation safety while maintaining image quality so physician and staff can continue to
       perform interventional procedures on patients effectively.


      The use of the CA-100S / FluoroShield ™ is consistent with a best medical practice for
        interventional fluoroscopy with Floroshield, which in real-time optimizes image quality in the
       region of interest while reducing unnecessary radiation in the periphery.


      Taken together, the clinical trials and in-house testing reports presented in this Submission
       are believed to be sufficient to support the safety and effectiveness of FluoroShield in
       reducing unnecessary radiation exposure to both patient and staff. This also substantiates
       are decision to modify the Indications for Use statement by changing the phrase: "Manages
       exposure" to "Reduces Exposure"


      The FluoroShield™ was fully integrated with the Varex 2020 FPD, Image Processor ARP
       processor, ROI electronics and all supporting equipment to establish full functionality and
        integration into Omega Medical Imaging host system including Verification and Validation of
       Software and operational functions.

      Product verification plan and the Test Reports are written in accordance to applicable
       regulations Historically, OMI includes the purpose (test objectives) scope and lists
      methods (test instructions) within one design verification protocol and captures the results
        in one report. The full validation/Verification and test report for this project were included.


     Traditional 510(k) Summary for Optional CA-100S / FluoroShield™ Region of Interest Device, Rev. 4      page-12

The functional test also serves as the validation of the software modules whose outputs
   are observable in system behavior and effects on, or interaction with, the fluoroShield™

  OMI does not create separate test reports and protocols for each test. A table listing all
    the testing performed to ensure full integration of the system is indicated below in Table 1.

  OMI has established Test Instructions that were utilized to perform and record all of the
   Design Verification tests identified in Protocol after a full integration of the device into a
   host system. These controlled test instructions were explicitly created for the CA-100S /
   FluoroShield™ with a Varex 2020 PFD but have been based on OMI’s experience with
   previous CA-100S with a Varex 3030 FPD device project. Within each Testing Instruction,
    the Purpose, Contents (testing material and equipment) and Data Recording are defined.
   These Test Instructions were referenced in the Design Verification the Testing Instructions
   are listed in Table 1 below:


Test Description:                             Reference:           Section:
 Calibration Process                        Doc#IK08-0118      7.1
 Power- On                               Doc#IK08-0118      7.2
 ROI Control Panel                         Doc#IK08-0118      7.3
 Host System Communication via Relays       Doc#IK08-0118      7.4
 Mag Modes                              Doc#IK08-0118      7.5
 Responses to MX- Ikomed Serial Link        Doc#IK08-0118      7.6
 Responses to Abnormal Condition           Doc#IK08-0118      7.7
 Responses to Abnormal Signals             Doc#IK08-0118      7.8
 Video Bypass Button                      Doc#IK08-0118      7.9
 Housekeeping Task                       Doc#IK08-0118      7.10
 Auto ROI Processor Access                 Doc#IK08-0118      7.11
 Video Quality                             Doc#IK08-0118      7.12
 Shutter Blade Position Consistency           Doc#IK08-0118      7.13
 Shutter Vibration                          Doc#IK08-0118      7.14
   Table 1


Traditional 510(k) Summary for Optional CA-100S / FluoroShield™ Region of Interest Device, Rev. 4      page-13

Referenced Guidance Documents:

   Guidance for this submission of 510(k) for Indications of use as provided in: Pediatric
     Information for X-ray Imaging Device Premarket Notifications (Document issued on
    November 28th, 2017) Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff.
   Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in
     Medical Devices. (Document issued on October 2, 2014)
   Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical
     Devices (Document issued on May 11, 2005)
   Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff: Information to Support a Claim of Electromagnetic
     Compatibility (EMC) of Electrically-powered Medical Devices. (Document issued on July11,
     2016)
   Guidance for this submission of 510(k) for (SSXID) Solid State X-ray Imaging Devices issued
     on: September 1, 2016 was used to establish substantial equivalence
   Guidance for industry and FDA Staff - User Fees and Refunds for Premarket Notification
    Submissions 510(k)s, (Document issued on October 2, 2017)
   Guidance for industry and FDA Staff - Refuse to Accept Policy for 510(k) (Document issued
    on January 30, 2018)
   Guidance for industry and FDA Staff -Format for Traditional and Abbreviated 510(k)s
     (Document issued on August 12, 2005)
   Guidance for industry and FDA Staff - Deciding when to submit a 510(k) for a change to an
     existing device. (Document issued on October 25, 2017)
   Guidance  for  industry and FDA  Staff  - The 510(k) Program: Evaluating Substantial
     Equivalence in Premarket Notifications [510(k)] (Document Issued on July 28, 2014)
   Guidance for industry and FDA Staff - Guidance for Off-The-Shelf Software Use in Medical
     Devices (Document issued on September 9, 1999)
   Guidance for industry and FDA Staff - Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submission
     for Software in Medical Devices. (Document issued February 3, 2016)
   Guidance for industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff - Policy Clarification for Certain
     Fluoroscopic Equipment Requirements (Document issued on May 8, 2019)
   Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Medical X-Ray Imaging Devices Conformance with
    IEC Standards. (Document issued on May 8,2019)
   Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Clarification of Radiation Control Regulations for
     Manufacturers of Diagnostic X-Ray Equipment. (Document issued on December 17, 2018)


       Traditional 510(k) Summary for Optional CA-100S / FluoroShield™ Region of Interest Device, Rev. 4      page-14