Xiamen Manteia Technology LTD.                                   February 28, 2020
℅ Ms. Diana Hong
General Manager
Mid-Link Consulting Co. Ltd.
P.O Box 120-119
Shanghai, 200120
CHINA

Re: K191928
    Trade/Device Name: AccuContour™
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QKB
    Dated: January 10, 2020
    Received: January 17, 2020

Dear Ms. Hong:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K191928 – Ms. Diana Hong                                                             Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K191928

Device Name
AccuContour


Indications for Use (Describe)
It is used by radiation oncology department to register multimodality images and segment (non-contrast) CT images, to
generate needed information for treatment planning, treatment evaluation and treatment adaptation.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary


This 510(k) Summary is being submitted in accordance with requirements of Title 21, CFR Section 807.92.


The assigned 510(k) Number: K191928


1.   Date of Preparation: 02/26/2020


2.   Sponsor Identification


    Xiamen Manteia Technology LTD.
     1903, B Tower, Zijin Plaza, No.1811 Huandao East Road, Xiamen, China


     Establishment Registration Number: Not registered yet.


     Contact Person: Lu Xie
     Position: Research Management
      Tel: +86 592-6100813
     Email: xielu@manteiatech.com


3.   Designated Submission Correspondent


    Ms. Diana Hong (Primary Contact Person)
    Mr. Lee Fu (Alternative Contact Person)


    Mid-Link Consulting Co., Ltd
     P.O. Box 120-119, Shanghai, 200120, China


      Tel: +86-21-22815850,
     Fax: +1-360-925-3199
     Email: info@mid-link.net


                                                                                    1 / 6

4.    Identification of Proposed Device


     Trade Name: AccuContourTM
   Common Name: Medical Imaging Software


     Regulatory Information


     Classification Name: System, Imaging processing, Radiological
      Classification: II;
     Product Code: QKB
     Regulation Number: 21CFR 892.2050
    Review Panel: Radiology;


     Indication for Use Statement:


       It is used by radiation oncology department to register multimodality images and segment (non-contrast)
   CT images, to generate needed information for treatment planning, treatment evaluation and treatment
     adaptation.


     Device Description:

    The proposed device, AccuContourTM, is a standalone software which is used by radiation oncology
     department to register multimodality images and segment (non-contrast) CT images, to generate needed
     information for treatment planning, treatment evaluation and treatment adaptation.


    The product has two image process functions:
     (1) Deep learning contouring: it can automatically contour the organ-at-risk, including head and neck,
          thorax, abdomen and pelvis (for both male and female),
     (2) Automatic Registration, and
     (3) Manual Contour.


       It also has the following general functions:
      Receive, add/edit/delete, transmit, input/export, medical images and DICOM data;
      Patient management;
     Review of processed images;
     Open and Save of files.


                                                                                    2 / 6

5.    Identification of Predicate Device


     510(k) Number: K182624
     Product Name: MIM-MRT Dosimetry


6.   Non-Clinical Test Conclusion


     Segmentation performance test
    The segmentation performance test was performed on proposed device and predicate device to evaluate
     the automated segmentation accuracy. Two separate tests were performed. One test involved images
     generated in healthcare institutions in China using scanner models available in China covering three
     major vendors. The other involved images generated in healthcare institutions in US using scanner
    models available in US covering three major vendors. The three major vendors were GE, Siemens and
      Philips. For each body parts, all intended organs were included in images of the US and China. Ground
     truthing of each image was generated from the consensus of at least three licensed physicians. DICE
      similarity coefficients (DSC) was used for evaluation. DSC values were calculated on two sets of
     images for test group and control group, respectively. According to the results, it could be concluded that
     the DSC of proposed device was non-inferiority compared with that of the predicate device.


     Registration performance test
    The registration performance test was performed on proposed device and predicate device to evaluate
     the automated registration accuracy. Two separate tests were performed. One test involved images
     generated in healthcare institutions in China using scanner models available in China covering three
     major vendors. And the image registration feature is tested on multi-modality image sets from same
      patients. The other involved most images generated in healthcare institutions in U.S. All fixed image and
    most moving images came from U.S and a small amount of moving images adopted from online
     database were originally from non-US sources. All the scanner models covered three major vendors.
    And the image registration feature is only tested on multi-modality image sets from different patients.
    Both tests covered various modalities, including CT/CT, CT/MR and CT/PET. The Normalized Mutual
     Information (NMI) was used for evaluation. NMI values were calculated on two sets of images for both
     the proposed device and predicate device, respectively. The NMI value of proposed device was
    compared with that of the predicate device. According to the results, it could be concluded that the NMI
     of proposed device was non-inferiority compared with that of the predicate device.


7.   Clinical Test Conclusion


   No clinical study is included in this submission.


                                                                                    3 / 6

8.   Substantially Equivalent (SE) Comparison


                           Table 1 Comparison of Technology Characteristics
 ITEM             Proposed Device                           Predicate Device K182624
 Regulatory Information
 Regulation No.    21CFR 892.2050                   21CFR 892.2050
 Product Code    QKB                          LLZ
 Class                  II                                                   II
 Indication     for    It   is  used  by   radiation  oncology  MIM software is used by trained medical
 Use               department  to  register  multimodality   professionals  as  a   tool  to  aid  in
                   images and segment (non-contrast) CT   evaluation and information management
                    images, to generate needed information   of digital medical images. The medical
                       for   treatment   planning,   treatment  image  modalities  include, but  are not
                     evaluation and treatment adaptation.        limited to, CT, MRI, CR, DX, MG, US,
                                                  SPECT, PET and XA as supported by
                                         ACR/NEMA DICOM 3.0. MIM assists
                                                                     in the following indications:
                                                     •   Receive,  transmit,  store,  retrieve,
                                                                      display,   print,  and  process  medical
                                                         images and DICOM objects.
                                                     • Create, display and print reports from
                                                           medical images.
                                                     •   Registration,  fusion  display,  and
                                                           review of medical images for diagnosis,
                                                                treatment   evaluation,  and   treatment
                                                                planning.
                                                     • Evaluation of cardiac  left ventricular
                                                                function and  perfusion,  including  left
                                                                    ventricular     enddiastolic     volume,
                                                                  end-systolic   volume,   and   ejection
                                                                        fraction.
                                                     • Localization and definition of objects
                                                          such as tumors and normal  tissues in
                                                           medical images.
                                                     •     Creation,   transformation,   and
                                                               modification of contours for applications
                                                                  including, but not limited to, quantitative
                                                                     analysis,   aiding   adaptive   therapy,
                                                                     transferring contours to radiation therapy
                                                                treatment   planning    systems,   and

                                                                                    4 / 6

ITEM             Proposed Device                           Predicate Device K182624
                                                              archiving contours for patient follow-up
                                                      and management.
                                                    • Quantitative and statistical analysis of
                                              PET/SPECT brain scans by comparing to
                                                                other registered PET/SPECT brain scans.
                                                    • Planning and evaluation of permanent
                                                            implant brachytherapy procedures  (not
                                                              including radioactive microspheres).
                                                    • Calculating absorbed radiation dose as
                                                           a result of administering a radionuclide.
                                            When using device  clinically, the user
                                                           should   only   use  FDA   approved
                                                              radiopharmaceuticals.   If   using  with
                                                       unapproved ones, this device should only
                                                       be used for research purposes.
                                                      Lossy    compressed   mammographic
                                                       images and digitized film screen images
                                                      must not be reviewed for primary image
                                                                     interpretations. Images that are printed to
                                                              film   must   be   printed   using   an
                                                    FDA-approved printer for the diagnosis
                                                              of    digital   mammography   images.
                                                 Mammographic images must be viewed
                                                    on a display system that has been cleared
                                                    by the FDA for the diagnosis of digital
                                               mammography images. The software is
                                                             not to be used for mammography CAD.
Label/labeling     Conform with 21CFR Part 801          Conform with 21CFR Part 801
Operating System  Windows                          Windows and MAC system
Segmentation Features
Algorithm        Deep Learning                           Atlas-based
Compatible        Non-Contrast CT                        Non-Contrast CT
Modality
Compatible      No   Limitation  on   scanner  model,  No   Limitation  on   scanner  model,
Scanner Models   DICOM 3.0 compliance required.       DICOM3.0 compliance required.
Compatible      No Limitation on TPS model, DICOM  No Limitation on TPS model, DICOM
Treatment          3.0 compliance required.                   3.0 compliance required.
Planning System
Contraindications  None                             None

                                                                                   5 / 6

ITEM             Proposed Device                           Predicate Device K182624
 Registration Features
 Algorithm           Intensity Based                              Intensity Based
 Compatible        CT, MRI, PET                        CT, MRI, CR, DX, MG, US, SPECT,
 Modality                                      PET and XA
 Compatible      No   Limitation  on   scanner  model,  No   Limitation  on   scanner  model,
 Scanner Models   DICOM 3.0 compliance required.       DICOM3.0 compliance required.
 Compatible      No Limitation on TPS model, DICOM  No Limitation on TPS model, DICOM
 Treatment          3.0 compliance required.                   3.0 compliance required.
 Planning System


9.   Substantially Equivalent (SE) Conclusion


    Based on the comparison and analysis above, the proposed devices are determined to be Substantially
     Equivalent (SE) to the predicate devices.


                                                                                    6 / 6