Galgo Medical S.L                                                  January 15, 2020
℅ Antoni Riu
General Manager
C/Comte d'Urgell, 143, 4B
Barcelona, Barcelona 08036
SPAIN

Re: K191125
    Trade/Device Name: ADAS 3D
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: December 1, 2019
    Received: December 12, 2019

Dear Antoni Riu:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K191125 - Antoni Riu                                                                 Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K191125

Device Name
ADAS 3D


Indications for Use (Describe)
ADAS 3D is indicated for use in clinical settings to support the visualization and analysis of MR and CT images of the
heart for use on individual patients with cardiovascular disease.

ADAS 3D is indicated for patients with myocardial scar produced by ischemic or non-ischemic heart disease.
ADAS 3D processes MR and CT images. The quality and the resolution of the medical images determines the accuracy of
the data produced by ADAS 3D.

ADAS 3D is indicated to be used only by qualified medical professionals for the visualization and analysis of cardiac
images. The data produced by ADAS 3D must not be used as an irrefutable basis or a source of medical advice for clinical
diagnosis or patient treatment. The data produced by ADAS 3D is intended to be used to support qualified medical
professionals for clinical decision making.

ADAS 3D is not intended to identify regions for catheter ablation or treatment of arrhythmias.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

ADAS 3D
                                                                                     510(k) Premarket Notification
                         Section 5 – 510(k) Summary
                                 K191125
SUBMITTER NAME:       GALGO MEDICAL S.L
SUBMITTER ADDRESS:      C/Comte d´Urgell 143, 4-B
                          08036 Barcelona
                     BARCELONA
                        SPAIN

CONTACT:                    Antoni Riu
TELEPHONE:              +34 93 328 3964
e-mail:                       Antoni.riu@galgomedical.com

DEVICE TRADE NAME:     ADAS 3D
COMMON NAME:              Radiological Image Processing System
CLASSIFICATION NAME:      Radiological Image Processing System (21 CFR 892.2050)
PRODUCT CODE:           LLZ
REGULATION DESCRIPTION: Picture archiving and communications system

PREDICATE DEVICE(S):     MR-CT VVA (K140587)

1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

ADAS 3D is a software-based image processing tool for post-processing cardiovascular enhanced
Magnetic Resonance (MRI) images and Computed Tomography Angiography (CTA) images.

ADAS 3D is designed to process DICOM image databases to enable the calculation, quantification and
visualization of 3D cardiac imaging data by displaying and quantifying the levels of enhancement.
ADAS 3D also enables the visualization of the shape of the cardiac chamber and the adjacent
anatomy. After data processing, the data and images can be exported utilizing industry standard
formats for viewing on other system, including Electrophysiology (EP) navigation system.


The following table lists the principal characteristics and features of the software:


 Characteristics / Feature        ADAS 3D
 General Features
 Operation System                    Min. 64-bit Microsoft Windows 10
                                   Rec. 64-bit Microsoft® Windows® 10
 CPU Type                           Min. Intel® Pentium® 4 or AMD Athlon™ 64, 3 GHz or faster or Intel® or
                        AMD dual core 2 GHz or faster
                                   Rec. Intel® Core i74790 K or equivalent
 Memory                             Min. 8 GB RAM
                                   Rec. 16 GB RAM
 Disk Space                          Min. 100 GB free disk space for local study database
                                   Rec. 250 GB free disk space or more for local study database
 Graphics                            Min. Microsoft® DirectX 10® capable graphics card or higher

ADAS 3D
                                                                                   510(k) Premarket Notification
                        Section 5 – 510(k) Summary

                                  Rec. Microsoft® DirectX 11® or capable graphics card or higher  (for
                                example GeForce GT 730)
Other                              1,280 x 1,024 or higher screen resolution
Input file formats                DICOM/DICOMDIR
System Interface                 -DICOM: Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) is a
                                    standard  for handling, storing, printing, and transmitting information  in
                                   medical imaging.
                               -LIEBRE Study: A LIEBRE study is a set of files storing each processed
                                    case.
                                                    - Navigation System File Format: Format for Navigation system.
                                   Snapshots: Snapshots in PNG format.
                                      -Videos: Videos in MPEG format and MPEG-1 video codec.
User Interface                         -Application workflow navigation tool.
                                       -Toolbar.
                                   -Working area.
                                     -Toolbox.
Functional Features
Functions                             -Importing Cardiac Imaging (MRI/CTA) in DICOM format

                            MRI Images support:
                                                  •         Visualization of the distribution of the enhancement in a threedimensional (3D) chamber of the heart
                                                  •         Quantification of the total volume of the enhancement within the
                                                    Left Ventricle (LV) and the visualization of the enhancement area
                                                        in multiple layers through the cardiac structure
                                                  •         Calculation,  quantification  and  visualization  of  corridors  of
                                               intermediate signal intensity enhancement in the LV
                                                  •         Quantification and visualization of the total area and distribution of
                                               the enhancement within the Left Atrium (LA)

                         CTA images support:
                                                  •         Quantification of LV wall thickness
                                                  •          Identification and Visualization of other 3D anatomical structures

                                                    - The ADAS 3D exports data into industry standard file formats supported
                                 by catheter navigation systems

Data Storage                               All analysis results can be saved and reloaded again for reviewing and/or
                                       exporting. The analysis results include the input DICOM image, 3D
                                   models, numerical values, snapshots and videos.
Software Algorithms                     -Left Ventricle Layer Computation
                                           -Left Atrium Layer Computation Algorithm
                                -Enhancement Quantification algorithm
                                -3D Corridor Detection Algorithm
                                     -Heart Anatomy Extraction algorithm
                                -From Binary image to surface mesh algorithm
                                           -Left Ventricle Wall Thickness algorithm

ADAS 3D
                                                                                     510(k) Premarket Notification
                         Section 5 – 510(k) Summary

1.1.  3D corridors module
The 3D Corridors Module is an automatic detection feature designed to help identify and visualize
3D corridors of border zone (BZ) tissue within the LV. The 3D Corridors algorithm generates visual
representations of the corridors that may travel through multiple layers of the LV.

A 3D Corridor is defined as a path of BZ tissue (or an area of intermediate intensity on the MRI) that
starts and ends in healthy tissue (HT) and travels between areas of core scar (CS) tissue. A corridor
is a three-dimensional path in the myocardium and has an associated volume. The ADAS 3D
software distinguishes between protected and unprotected regions for a corridor.

      A protected region of BZ tissue is defined as the corridor that is embedded in an area of CS.
      An unprotected region of BZ tissue is defined as BZ tissue that is not surrounded by CS.


The ADAS 3D software only calculates 3D Corridors using the layers in between the endo and
epicardium. The mitral value and the endo and epicardial surfaces define the boundaries for 3D
Corridor detection, they are considered as CS tissue by the software.

To be automatically identified, by ADAS 3D, as a 3D Corridor, four criteria must be met in at least
one layer:

    1.   It must pass through a BZ region
    2.   It must connect two HT regions
    3.   It must be protected by the CS region both
             a.  Within its layer, on both sides and by a minimum CS size
             b. AND surrounding the layer
    4.   It must have a minimum length of 5 mm

1.1.1.  Precautions
      The software is not intended to identify regions for catheter ablation or treatment of
        arrhythmias.
       This software is a tool to support clinicians for better visualization of cardiac images from MR
      and CTA.  It is up to the clinicians to make their own interpretations of the information that
           is presented.
      The intermediate signal intensity “3D Corridor” detection tool is not intended for clinical
        patient management and its use has not been validated clinically.
      The results are explicitly not to be regarded as the sole, irrefutable basis for clinical diagnosis.

1.2.  SUMMARY OF COMPARISON WITH PREDICATE DEVICE

In the establishment of substantial equivalence, the Software ADAS 3D  is compared with the
following previously cleared device:
      MR-CT VVA (K140587)

ADAS 3D
                                                                                         510(k) Premarket Notification
                            Section 5 – 510(k) Summary

   Comparison of the proposed devices with the predicate device is summarized in the following table


Elements of            Proposed Device                     Predicate Device
Comparison             ADAS 3D                     MR-CT VVA
                 (GALGO MEDICAL S.L)          (Medis Medical Imaging Systems,
                                                                               b.v.)
Regulatory Data
Regulatory                    Class II                                 Class II                  Identical
Class
Classificatio    Radiological Image processing system      Radiological Image processing      Identical
n name                                                      system
Regulation            21 CFR 892.2050                  21 CFR 892.2050             Identical
Number
Product                       LLZ                                  LLZ                    Identical
Code
FDA                       Pending                      510(k) cleared: K140587           -
Clearance
Use
Indication    ADAS 3D is indicated for use in the    MR-CT VVA is indicated for use in      Similar to
for Use          clinical setting to support the             clinical settings where more          predicate
                visualization and analysis of cardiac     reproducible than manually derived   device
         MR and CTA images for patients with   quantified results are needed to
               cardiovascular disease.                support the visualization and
                                                         analysis of MR and CT images of the
           ADAS 3D is indicated for patients with  heart and blood vessels for use on
              myocardial scar produced by ischemic  individual patients with
              or non-ischemic heart disease. ADAS    cardiovascular disease. Further, MR-
           3D processes MR and CTA images.     CT VVA allows the quantification of
             The quality and the resolution of the    cerebral spinal fluid in MR velocityoriginal images determines the        encoded flow images.
                quality and the accuracy of the data
             produced by ADAS 3D.            When the quantified results
                                                  provided by MR-CT VVA are used in
           ADAS 3D is indicated to be used by     a clinical setting on MR and CT
                qualified medical professionals        images of an individual patient, they
                 (cardiologists, electrophysiologists,     can be used to support the clinical
                radiologists or trained technicians)      decision making for the diagnosis of
                for the calculation, quantification and  the patient. In this case, the results
                visualization of cardiac images. The     are explicitly not to be regarded as
              data produced by ADAS 3D is          the sole, irrefutable basis for clinical
               indicated to be used to support         diagnosis, and they are only
                  clinical decision making and should     intended for use by the responsible
              not be used on an irrefutable basis or   clinicians.
               as the sole source of information for

ADAS 3D
                                                                                         510(k) Premarket Notification
                            Section 5 – 510(k) Summary

Elements of            Proposed Device                     Predicate Device
Comparison             ADAS 3D                     MR-CT VVA
                 (GALGO MEDICAL S.L)          (Medis Medical Imaging Systems,
                                                                               b.v.)
                  clinical diagnosis or patient
              treatment.
           ADAS 3D is not intended to identify
               regions for catheter ablation or
              treatment of arrhythmias.

ADAS 3D
                                                                                         510(k) Premarket Notification
                            Section 5 – 510(k) Summary

Intended     ADAS 3D is intended to be used for    QMass® MR is software intended to   Similar to
use            post-processing cardiovascular        be used for the visualization and      predicate
             enhanced Magnetic Resonance (MR)    analysis of MR and CT images of the   device
             images and Computed Tomography    heart and blood vessels.
              Angiography (CTA) images that are
              formatted in Digital Imaging and      QMass® MR is intended to support
             Communication in Medicine (DICOM)   the following visualization
               standard. ADAS 3D is intended for the   functionalities:
               non-invasive calculation,                     - cine loop and 2D review
                quantification and visualization of         - performing caliper measurements
               cardiac imaging data to support a
             comprehensive diagnostic decision-   QMass® MR is also intended to
             making process for understanding      support the following analyses:
               cardiovascular disease.                       - cardiac function quantification
                                                                          - anatomy and tissue segmentation
           ADAS 3D analyzes the enhancement      - signal intensity analysis for the
               of myocardial fibrosis from DICOM     myocardium and infarct sizing
         MR images to support:                       - MR parametric maps (such as T1,
                 Visualization of the distribution of  T2, T2* relaxation)
                  the enhancement in a threedimensional (3D) chamber of the   QMass® MR is also intended to be
                    heart.                         used for:
                 Quantification of the total              - quantification of T2* results in MR
                volume of the enhancement       images that can be used to
                   within the left Ventricle (LV) and    characterize iron loading in the
                  the visualization of the             heart and the liver
                enhancement area in multiple
                    layers through the cardiac         These analyses are based on
                    structure.                        contours that are either manually
                 Calculation, quantification and     drawn by the clinician or trained
                     visualization of corridors of        medical technician who is operating
                  intermediate signal intensity       the software, or automatically
                enhancement in the LV.           detected by the software and
                 Quantification and visualization    subsequently presented for review
                   of the total area and distribution   and manual editing. The results
                   of the enhancement within the     obtained are displayed on top of the
                    Left Atrium (LA).                 images and provided in reports.

                Additionally, ADAS 3D imports        The analysis results obtained with
           DICOM CTA images to support:       QMass® MR are intended for use by
                    Quantification of the wall       cardiologists  and  radiologists  to
                       thickness of the LV.            support clinical decisions concerning
                                                  the heart and vessels.

ADAS 3D
                                                                                         510(k) Premarket Notification
                            Section 5 – 510(k) Summary

Elements of            Proposed Device                     Predicate Device
Comparison             ADAS 3D                     MR-CT VVA
                 (GALGO MEDICAL S.L)          (Medis Medical Imaging Systems,
                                                                               b.v.)
                    Identification and
                         visualization of other 3D
                     anatomical structures.
            ADAS-3D exports information to
               multiple industry standard file
              formats suitable for documentation
             and information sharing purposes.
             The 3D data is exported into industry
              standard file formats supported by
               catheter navigation systems. It is
              intended to be used by qualified
              medical professionals (cardiologists,
                electrophysiologists, radiologists or
               trained technicians) experienced in
              examining and evaluating
               cardiovascular MR and CTA images as
               part of the comprehensive diagnostic
              decision-making process. ADAS-3D is
             a standalone software application.
Technical characteristics
General          Is a software solution for the               Is software intended to be used for    Identical to
description    visualization and analysis of           the visualization and analysis of MR   predicate
               cardiovascular MR and CT images.     and CT images of the heart and       device
                                                 blood vessels.
Mode     of  Software Solution                    Software Solution                      Identical to
action                                                                                    predicate
                                                                                        device
Operating    Windows                       Windows                               Identical to
System                                                                                   predicate
                                                                                        device
Principles of  Analysis of MR and CT images           Analysis of MR and CT images          Identical to
operation                                                                                 predicate
                                                                                        device
User         Mouse, Keyboard                  Mouse, Keyboard                      Identical to
Interface                                                                                 predicate
                                                                                        device
Target         Patients with myocardial scar.           Individual patients with                Similar to
Population                                            cardiovascular disease.               predicate
                                                                                        device
Anatomical    Left Ventricle and Left Atrium           Left ventricle and Right Ventricle       Similar than

ADAS 3D
                                                                                         510(k) Premarket Notification
                            Section 5 – 510(k) Summary

Elements of            Proposed Device                     Predicate Device
Comparison             ADAS 3D                     MR-CT VVA
                 (GALGO MEDICAL S.L)          (Medis Medical Imaging Systems,
                                                                               b.v.)
sites                                                                                      predicate
                                                                                        device
Conditions                                   Must be used by Cardiologist,          Identical to
                      It is intended to be used by qualified
of use                                                    radiologist or trained technicians      predicate
              medical professionals (cardiologists,
                                       who are qualified to perform cardiac  device
                radiologists or trained technicians)
                                                            analysis.
              experienced in examining and
               evaluating cardiovascular MR and
            CTA images as part of the
             comprehensive diagnostic decisionmaking process.

Images       Vendor independent DICOM MR/CT    Vendor independent DICOM MR/CT   Identical to
supported    images (specific requirements         images (specific requirements         predicate
             depends on type of analysis, but      depend on type of analysis, but       device
              imaging viewing is possible on all       imaging viewing is possible on all
           MR/CT images)                  MR/CT images)
Image Features
Image        By visualization and analysis of the  By visualization and analysis of the   Identical to
assessment   images                            images                              predicate
                                                                                        device
Image            - 2D slice review                                - 2D slice review                       Similar to
display and     - 3D Multiplanar reconstruction            - 3D Multiplanar reconstruction       predicate
manipulatio    - Pan/zoom; magnify; maximize and   - Pan/zoom; magnify; maximize and   device
n             minimize; scroll through slice stack;  minimize; scroll through slice stack;
               adjust window  level,  contrast and  adjust window level, contrast and
                brightness.                             brightness.
                                                                          - Cine loop
                                                                          - Performing caliper measurements
Result            - Numerical                                      - Numerical                            Similar to
visualization    - Graph                                            - Graph                              predicate
                     - 2D view                                         - Bulls Eye View                      device
                     - 3D view                                         - 2D view
                                                                          - 3D view
Export            - Snapshots as PNG                            - Images, movie frames, movies,      Similar to
capabilities     - Videos as MPEG                        graphs, snapshots and reports in    predicate
                     - Numerical data as TXT                  various file formats or as DICOM    device
                     - Study data as an internal file format    secondary captures
                                                                          - Reports can be exported in TXT,
                                                   PDF, HTML, XML and as DICOM SC
                                                              directly to PACS

ADAS 3D
                                                                                         510(k) Premarket Notification
                            Section 5 – 510(k) Summary

Elements of            Proposed Device                     Predicate Device
Comparison             ADAS 3D                     MR-CT VVA
                 (GALGO MEDICAL S.L)          (Medis Medical Imaging Systems,
                                                                               b.v.)
                                                                                   -  All analysis results can be saved
                                              and reloaded again for reviewing
                                                  and/or exporting
                     - 3D surface meshes as VTK/DIF
Performing Function Analysis
                       - Quantification of LV wall thickness    Cardiac Function Quantification:       Similar to
                                                 mass, wall motion, wall thickness      predicate
                                             and wall thickening                  device
                       - Identification and Visualization of  Anatomy and tissue segmentation     Similar to
                other 3D anatomical structures                                            predicate
                                                                                        device
                       - Visualization of the distribution of     Signal intensity analysis for the        Similar to
                the enhancement in a three-        myocardium and infarct sizing. Also   predicate
                dimensional (3D) chamber of the     referred as DSI (Delayed Signal        device (see
                  heart.                                  Intensity)                             detailed
                       - Quantification of the total volume                                     comparison
                 of the enhancement within the Left                                             in the
                  Ventricle (LV) and the visualization                                          section
                 of the enhancement area in                                           below)
                 multiple layers through the cardiac
                  structure.
                       - Calculation, quantification and
                   visualization of corridors of
                 intermediate, signal intensity
              enhancement in the LV.
            None                    MR parametric maps (such as T1,    N/A
                                                       T2, T2* relaxation)                     (additional
                                                                                                     specificatio
                                                                                    ns for the
                                                                                          predicate
                                                                                              device, not
                                                                                         included on
                                                                                     the
                                                                                proposed
                                                                                            device)

ADAS 3D
                                                                                         510(k) Premarket Notification
                            Section 5 – 510(k) Summary

Elements of            Proposed Device                     Predicate Device
Comparison             ADAS 3D                     MR-CT VVA
                 (GALGO MEDICAL S.L)          (Medis Medical Imaging Systems,
                                                                               b.v.)
            None                                   quantification of T2* results in MR   N/A
                                                images that can be used to            (additional
                                                       characterize iron loading in the         specificatio
                                                    heart and the liver                  ns for the
                                                                                          predicate
                                                                                              device, not
                                                                                         included on
                                                                                     the
                                                                                proposed
                                                                                            device)


Performance function analysis of enhancement
                Visualization of the enhancement in  Visualization of the DSI in 2D           Similar to
           2D                                                                         predicate
                                                                                        device
                Visualization of the distribution of the   Visualization of the DSI in 3D           Similar to
            enhancement in a three-dimensional                                        predicate
               (3D) chamber of the heart.                                                 device
                       - Quantification of the total volume    Quantification of DSI                   Similar to
                 of the enhancement within the Left                                        predicate
                  Ventricle (LV) and the visualization                                        device
                 of the enhancement area in
                 multiple layers through the cardiac
                  structure.
                       - Quantification and visualization of
                the total area and distribution of
                the enhancement within the left
               Atrium (LA)                      Measurements:
                                                                                   - Quantification of infarct size (%
             Measurements:                     and mass), infarct transmurality
                       - Total Volume (g), BZ (g) and Core
                    (g)
                       - For each layer: Total area (cm2), BZ
               (cm2) and Core (cm2)
                       - Calculation, quantification and        Visualization of DSI                    Similar to
                   visualization of corridors of                                                predicate

ADAS 3D
                                                                                         510(k) Premarket Notification
                            Section 5 – 510(k) Summary

Elements of            Proposed Device                     Predicate Device
Comparison             ADAS 3D                     MR-CT VVA
                 (GALGO MEDICAL S.L)          (Medis Medical Imaging Systems,
                                                                               b.v.)
                 intermediate, signal intensity                                             device
              enhancement in the LV.
    Table 5.1 Summary comparison of characteristics and features – proposed and predicate devices.

ADAS 3D
                                                                                     510(k) Premarket Notification
                         Section 5 – 510(k) Summary


1.3.  INTENDED USE

As established in the Indications for Use Statement:
 ADAS 3D is indicated for use in the clinical setting to support the visualization and analysis of
 cardiac MR and CTA images for patients with cardiovascular disease.

 ADAS 3D is indicated for patients with myocardial scar produced by ischemic or non-ischemic heart
 disease.

 ADAS 3D processes MR and CTA images. The quality and the resolution of the original images
 determines the quality and the accuracy of the data produced by ADAS 3D.

 ADAS 3D   is  indicated  to  be  used  by  qualified  medical  professionals  (cardiologists,
 electrophysiologists,  radiologists  or  technicians)  for  the  calculation,  quantification  and
 visualization of cardiac images. The data produced by ADAS 3D is indicated to be used to support
 clinical decision making and should not be used on an irrefutable basis or as the sole source of
 information for clinical diagnosis or patient treatment. The data produced by ADAS 3D is intended
 to be used to support qualified medical professionals for clinical decision making.
 ADAS 3D is not intended to identify regions for catheter ablation or treatment of arrhythmias.


ADAS 3D has similar intended uses as the predicate devices and has very similar technological
characteristics. However, subject and predicate devices have some minor different technical
characteristics as described in Section 12 of this submission.

1.4.  SUMMARY DISCUSSION OF NON-CLINICAL DATA

The proposed device has been designed, developed, tested, verified and validated according to
documented procedures and specific protocols in line with the FDA guidance documents.

Non-clinical test data are submitted to support this premarket notification and to establish the
decision concerning adequate safety and performance of the predicate device. It was tested and
validated with synthetic and phantom data. The results of these non-clinical data testing and
validation is included in this submission in section 18.

The FDA guidance documents used are the following:
      Guidance for the Submission of Premarket Notifications for Medical Imaging Management
       Devices
      Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical
        Devices.
      Guidance for Off-The-Shelf Software Use in Medical Devices – September 9, 1999
       General Principles of Software Validation; Final Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff – January

ADAS 3D
                                                                                     510(k) Premarket Notification
                         Section 5 – 510(k) Summary

        11, 2002.
       Design Considerations and Pre-market Submission Recommendations for Interoperable
       Medical Devices – September 6, 2017
       Design and development included identification, evaluation and control of potential hazards
       as per standard ISO 14971. Integration, verification and validation testing have been
        successfully completed following standard ISO 62304.

1.5.  SUMMARY DISCUSSION OF CLINICAL DATA

Clinical data was used to test and validate this software as described in section 18 of this submission
to support this premarket notification and to establish the decision concerning adequate safety and
performance of the predicate device.

1.6.  CONCLUSIONS

We believe the intended use, the indications for use and performance of the ADAS 3D software is
substantially equivalent to the intended use, indications for use and performance of the predicate
device. We also believe that the ADAS 3D software does not pose any new or increased risk compared
with the predicate device. Based on the information included in this submission, we conclude that
ADAS 3D is substantially equivalent to the listed legally marketed predicate devices.