March 4, 2020

Fluidda Inc.
c/o Anjali Nair
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
750 N. San Vicente Blvd, Suite 800 West
WEST HOLLYWOOD CA 90069

Re: K191550
    Trade/Device Name: Broncholab
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed tomography x-ray system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: January 28, 2020
    Received: January 29, 2020

Dear Anjali Nair:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K191550 – Anjali Nair                                                                 Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K191550

Device Name
Broncholab


Indications for Use (Describe)
Broncholab provides physicians with reproducible CT values for pulmonary tissue for providing quantitative support for
diagnosis and follow-up examination. Broncholab can be used to support physicians in the diagnosis and documentation
of pulmonary tissues images (e.g., abnormalities) from CT thoracic datasets. Three-D segmentation and isolation of
subcompartments, volumetric analysis, density evaluations, low density cluster analysis, fissure evaluation and reporting
tools are combined with a dedicated workflow.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Section 5 - 510(k) Summary


Submitter                                         Fluidda Inc.

Submission Number                            K191550

Address                                       750 N San Vicente Blvd Ste. 800 West, West Hollywood, CA
                                                  90069, USA

Contact Person                                          Anjali Nair

                                                  Regulatory Affairs Specialist at Fluidda Inc.

                                                            Tel: +91 9324857705

                                                     Email: anjali.nair@fluidda.com


Date Prepared                                   January 28, 2020

Trade Name                                    Broncholab

Common Name                                      Quantitative CT analysis system

Classification Name                          Computed Tomography X-Ray System

Regulation Number                              21 CFR 892.1750

Classification                                        Class II

Product Code                                JAK

Panel                                            Radiology

Legally marketed Primary Predicate Device           Vida Pulmonary Workstation 2 (PW2), Vida Diagnostics
                                                 (K083227)

Predicate Regulation Number                     21 CFR 892.1750

Predicate Classification & Product Code               Class II; Product Code- JAK

                                            The predicate device has not been subject to a design-related
                                                               recall.


                                                                                                              Section 5-1

Device Description

Broncholab is a SaMD (Software as Medical Device) which provides quantitative CT values that are intended to support
the physician in the diagnosis and documentation of pulmonary tissues images (abnormalities) from CT scans. The CT
scan images are transformed into 3D models of the patient-specific lungs using several image processing steps.
Broncholab can be used to assess the effectiveness of therapy based on CT scan data. It is used along with the following
accessories:

       • Web Portal: Enables the uploading of CT scans and patient data
       •  Client Report: Enables the conversion of the output of Broncholab (CT values) into a desired digital format (PDF
       Report) and transfers this Report to the physician via email.


Inspiratory CT scan images uploaded by the users are converted into quantitative CT values using a combination of
software tools. Quality checks (both manual and automated) are implemented to assure the quality of the final data.
The outputs are provided as absolute values and as a percentage of the total airway volume/ lung volume/ lobar
volume depending on the parameter. The device can be used on a computer with a web browser installed and consists
of two accessories:

       • An online portal to upload the CT scans
       • An accessory that enables the creation of the Report


The CT values include:

    1. Lung and Lobar Volume is the volume of the 3D model of each lung lobe.
    2. Airway Volume is defined as the region from the trachea until the segmental bronchi.
    3. Lung Density Scores/ Volumes is defined as all the intrapulmonary voxels with Hounsfield Units between -1024
      and -950 using the inspiratory scans:
                 • Low attenuation areas below -950 HU (LAA-950HU)
                 • 15th percentile of density histogram : Percentile density (PD) can also be used to express Emphysema.
                 • Blood vessel density : Blood vessel density can be determined through segmentation and 3-D
              reconstruction of the blood vessels. The segmentation is based on local geometry features and HU
             thresholds and is performed on the inspiratory CT scan.
    4. Fissure Analysis (fissure integrity) is the percentage of completeness of the fissure. Lung fissures are a doublefold of visceral pleura that either completely or incompletely separates the lungs into lung lobes.

CT scan images must be DICOM 3.0 compliant.


Indications for Use Statement

Broncholab provides physicians with reproducible CT values for pulmonary tissue for providing quantitative support for
diagnosis and follow-up examination. Broncholab can be used to support physicians in the diagnosis and
documentation of pulmonary tissues images (e.g., abnormalities) from CT thoracic datasets. Three-D segmentation and
isolation of subcompartments, volumetric analysis, density evaluations, low density cluster analysis, fissure evaluation
and reporting tools are combined with a dedicated workflow.


                                                                                                                Section 5-2

Summary of Technological Comparisons

Subject Device Predicate Device iH
Device Proprietary Name Broncholab Vida Pulmonary Workstation 2 (PW2) « SUIVAIENGE Gt :
Manufacturer Fluidda, Inc. Vida Diagnostics COMPARISON :
510(k) 191550 K083227 4
icing
Regulation 21 CFR 892.1750 21 CFR 892.1750 | same :
ig .. Productcode | JAK JAK | same :
Classification !
Class. Name | Computed Tomography X- Ray Computed Tomography X- Ray System Same H
System | :
Broncholab provides physicians The Vida Pulmonary Workstation 2 (PW2) Same :
with reproducible CT values for _ software provides reproducible CT values for '
pulmonary tissue for providing _ pulmonary tissue which is essential for :
quantitative support for diagnosis _ providing quantitative support for diagnosis '
and follow-up examination. and follow up examinations. :
Broncholab can be used to support The PW2 can be used to support the Same H
physicians in the diagnosis and physician in the diagnosis and documentation :
documentation of pulmonary of pulmonary tissue images (e.g., '
tissues images (e.g., abnormalities) from CT thoracic datasets. H
Indications for Use Statement ae “ '
abnormalities) from CT thoracic :
datasets. :
Three-D segmentation and Three-D segmentation and isolation of sub- | Same H
isolation of subcompartments, compartments, volumetric analysis, density :
volumetric analysis, density evaluations, low density cluster analysis and '
evaluations, low density cluster reporting tools are combined with a :
analysis, fissure evaluation and dedicated workflow. :
reporting tools are combined with :
a dedicated workflow. '
Intended User Population Physician Physician | same :
Patients population Broncholab can be used to support The PW2 can be used to support the Same ‘
physicians in the diagnosis and physician in the diagnosis and documentation :
documentation of pulmonary of pulmonary tissue images (e.g., '
tissues images (e.g., abnormalities) from CT thoracic datasets. :
abnormalities) from CT thoracic '
datasets. :

Section 5-3

Subject Device Predicate Device i

Device Proprietary Name Broncholab Vida Pulmonary Workstation 2 (PW2) « Rane !

Manufacturer Fluidda, Inc. Vida Diagnostics ccenenatcon '

510(k K191550 083227 4

Modality cT cT Same H

Data Loading DICOM DICOM Same :

Application Graphical User Interface (GUI) Workstation Equivalent :

Using the GUI doesnot}

affect the processing of

scans. It only providesa

means to transfer the '

input and receive the '

output (Report). These!

differences donot raise}

different questions :

regarding the safety and}

effectiveness of the ‘

subject device. :

Automation of process | Automation of tasks within the Fully automated analysis of an Equivalent :

workflow of the FRI inspiratory chest CT scan '

Quantification Software :

Software device that | Yes Yes Same :

operates on industry '

standard hardware :

CT Scan Equivalent Equivalent Equivalent :

Protocol :

Requirements ‘

Input Chest CT Scans Chest CT Scans Same :

Output iH. — Lung and lobar volume 1. Lung and lobar volume ; , ot

b. Airway volume 2. Lung and lobar density scores Like the predicate, the subject:

3. Fissure analysis levice provides: :

8. Lung and lobar density scores :

. Fissure analysis 1. Lungandlobar

volume :

2. Lungandlobar

density scores '

3. Fissure analysis!

Performance testing to '

idemonstrate accuracy and}

leffectiveness of the airway

jolume and blood vessel

density parameter, along with:

all other outputs hasbeen

performed and the results are:

placed in Section 18 - :

Performance Testing - Bench. '

Analyzed Data Output} Provides a Report Provides a report Same '
Section 5-4

Subject Device Predicate Device STANTIAL ot

Device Proprietary Name Broncholab Vida Pulmonary Workstation 2 (PW2) « culvalen ee mn !

Manufacturer Fluidda, Inc. Vida Diagnostics ccenenatcon '

510(k K191550 083227 4

Tasks performed by Device

Segmentation Provides Three-D Segmentation _ Provides Three-D Segmentation | same :

Provides Segmentation of: Provides Segmentation of: Same H

+ Left Lung * Left Lung '

J+ Right Lung * Right Lung :

l* Left Upper Lobe (LUL) * Left Upper Lobe (LUL) :

le Left Lower Lobe (LLL) * Left Lower Lobe (LLL) :

l* Right Upper Lobe (RUL) * Right Upper Lobe (RUL) Hi

I+ Right Middle Lobe (RML) * Right Middle Lobe (RML) :

I+ Right Lower Lobe (RLL) * Right Lower Lobe (RLL) '

Provides Airway Segmentation _ Provides Airway Segmentation | same :

Intended user cannot manually _Intended user can manually edit These differences donot |

edit segmentation. segmentation raise different questions |

regarding the safety and}

effectiveness of the '

subject device. i

Volumetric Analysis Ability to measure volume for: Ability to measure volume for: Same '

I+ Both Lungs * Both Lungs :

I+ Left Lung * Left Lung H

le Right Lung * Right Lung !

l* Left Upper Lobe (LUL) * Left Upper Lobe (LUL) i

I+ Left Lower Lobe (LLL) * Left Lower Lobe (LLL) H

l* Right Upper Lobe (RUL) * Right Upper Lobe (RUL) H

l* Right Middle Lobe (RML) * Right Middle Lobe (RML) fi

J+ Right Lower Lobe (RLL) * Right Lower Lobe (RLL) !

Density analysis Ability to measure Ability to measure Same '

volume at multiple volume at multiple '

density ranges for: density ranges for: '

* Both Lungs * Both Lungs '

* Left Lung * Left Lung H

© Right Lung * Right Lung '

* Left Upper Lobe (LUL) * Left Upper Lobe (LUL) H

* Left Lower Lobe (LLL) * Left Lower Lobe (LLL) '

* Right Upper Lobe (RUL) * Right Upper Lobe (RUL) H

* Right Middle Lobe (RML) © Right Middle Lobe (RML) :

* Right Lower Lobe (RLL) © Right Lower Lobe (RLL) '

Ability to measure 15" percentile Ability to measure 15" percentile density, | Same '

densitv. blood vessel densitv and _ blood vessel densitv and perform fissure !

| perform fissure evaluations evaluations | :

Detects Airway Yes Yes Same :

Morphology :

SF
Section 5-5

Quality check of CT Quality Checks on CT Scans Integrated scan quality check Equivalent :
Scans Both the subject and :
predicate devices conduct !

quality checks on incoming!

data although exact H

wording is different. ‘

Analysis Automation of tasks in the Fully automated quantification Equivalent Hl
workflow of the FRI Quantification In the case of both the :

Software. devices, image processing !

steps that can be done '

manually are done H

automatically in order to

save time. Any differences |

do not raise different ‘

questions regarding the:

safety and effectiveness of!

the subject device. '

Review of output The Report is QC verified before Automated quality check of the Report Equivalent ‘
it is emailed to the physician. Inthe case of both the =!

subject and the predicate |

devices, the final output is |

reviewed before it is made!

available to the intended +

user. H

Delivery of results: Yes Yes Same '
the results are :
delivered back to the :
intended user '
Energy used and/or | No No Same :
delivered to patient :
Materials | wa N/A | same :
Biocompatibility | va N/A | same H

Section 5-6

Non-Clinical Performance Testing

Verification testing was conducted against predetermined acceptance criteria to show that the subject device performs
the functions that are equivalent to the predicate device. Broncholab successfully passed verification testing. Design
validation was performed in simulated use settings. The results support substantial equivalence of the subject device to
the predicate device and demonstrate that it is safe and effective for its intended use.

The following quality assurance measures were applied during software development:

       • Software Development Life Cycle
       • Software Risk Assessment
       • Software Configuration Management and Version Control
       • Software issue tracking and resolution


A head-to-head performance testing was conducted between the subject and the predicate device.

The aim of this study was to assess and compare the measurement of lung structure parameters at inspiration, such as
lobe volume, emphysema, blood vessel density, 15th percentile lung density (PD15) and fissure integrity, between the
Broncholab device and the VIDA device, i.e. primary predicate (K083227). Firstly, both devices analyzed the lobe
volume, emphysema, blood vessel density, PD15 and fissure integrity. Subsequently, Bland-Altman plots were used for
the pairwise comparison of the lobe volume, emphysema, blood vessel density and PD15 measurements between the
two devices. Moreover, for the comparison of the fissure integrity measurements between both devices, the Intraclass
Correlation Coefficient (ICC) with 95% confidence interval (CI) was calculated. The airway volumes are not compared
with the primary predicate but with segmentations which were corrected by three physicians. The pairwise comparison
between Broncholab and the physicians was performed using Bland-Altman plots of airway volume.

The tolerable variability for absolute and relative values are 150mL and 5%, respectively.

The results showed that for the lobe volume, emphysema and blood vessel density measurements expressed in relative
values, the mean differences (range) between Broncholab and the primary predicate were all less than 5%. When
expressed in absolute values, the mean differences (range) between Broncholab and the primary predicate were less
than the threshold absolute value. The mean difference (range) between Broncholab and the primary predicate for the
PD15 measurements was less than 1 HU. The ICC estimate (95% CI) for comparison of the fissure integrity
measurements between Broncholab and the primary predicate was found to be 0.75 (0.54, 0.87). The mean difference
(range) between Broncholab and the physicians for the airway volume measurements expressed in relative values was
less than 5%. Expressed in absolute values the mean difference (range) was less than the absolute threshold value.
Ground truth was established by taking the mean airway volume obtained from three physicians' segmentation.

The scans were take with a wide variety of scanners. The CT scanner brands and models used to obtain scans in the
datasets used for the performance testing are:


 Imaging parameters                  Equivalence study


 Scanner manufacture               GE Healthcare; Philips; Siemens


 Scanner types                        LightSpeed VCT; LightSpeed Pro 16; LightSpeed 16; Revolution CT;
                                        Revolution EVO; iCT 256; Emotion 16; SOMATOM Definition AS; SOMATOM
                                          Force; SOMATOM Definition Flash; Brilliance 64; Definition; Definition AS+;
                                        Discovery CT750 HD; Sensation 64


                                                                                                                Section 5-7

Clinical Performance Data

No clinical performance testing data is provided with this submission.

Conclusion

Based on the intended use and technological characteristics comparison, non-clinical tests described, it can be
concluded that taken individually as well as in sum, the subject device (Broncholab) is as safe, as effective, and
performs as well as the predicate device (Vida PW2) and is thus substantially equivalent to it.


                                                                                                                Section 5-8