Ventripoint Diagnostics, Ltd.                                        October 16, 2019
℅ Desmond Hirson
President
2 Sheppard Avenue East, Suite 605
Toronto, Ontario M2N 5Y7
CANADA

Re: K191493
    Trade/Device Name: Ventripoint Medical System Plus (VMS+) 3.0
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ, IYN, IYO, ITX
    Dated: September 13, 2019
    Received: September 16, 2019

Dear Desmond Hirson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K191493 - Desmond Hirson                                                             Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K191493

Device Name
Ventripoint Medical System Plus (VMS+) 3.0


Indications for Use (Describe)

The VMS+ 3.0 is an adjunct to existing ultrasound imaging systems and is intended to record, analyze, store and retrieve
digital ultrasound images for computerized 3-dimensional image processing.

The VMS+ 3.0 is indicated for use where Left Ventricle (LV), Right Ventricle (RV), Left Atrium (LA), and Right Atrium
(RA) volumes and ejection fractions are warranted or desired


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

VMS+
                                                             Ventripoint Medical System
                                                                      510(k) Submission
               K191493
Section 3: 510(k) Summary

 Date:                   September 13, 2019
 Submitter:                  Ventripoint Diagnostics Ltd.
                        2 Sheppard Avenue East, Suite 605
                             Toronto, Ontario M2N 5Y7

 Contact Person:        Desmond Hirson
                            President
                            dhirson@ventripoint.com
                               Tel: 416-848-4156

 Device Name               Ventripoint Medical System Plus (VMS+) 3.0
 Common Name:           Diagnostic Ultrasound Image Analysis System
 Classification:            Regulatory Class:  II
                        Review Category: Tier II
                                Classification Panel: Radiology
 Classification Names:      Picture archiving and communications system 892.2050 90 LLZ
                              Ultrasonic pulsed doppler imaging system 892.1550 90 IYN
                              Ultrasonic pulsed echo imaging system 892.1560 90 IYO
                             Diagnostic ultrasonic transducer 892.1570 90 ITX


A. LEGALLY MARKETED PREDICATE DEVICE
 Device Name      GE EchoPAC
 510(k) Number       K150085
 Common Name:       Picture Archiving and Communications System
 Classification:        Regulatory Class:  II
                     Review Category: Tier II
                           Classification Panel: Radiology
                          Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System 892.2050 90 LLZ

B. LEGALLY MARKETED REFERENCE DEVICE
 Device Name          Ventripoint Medical System Plus (VMS+)
 510(k) Number       K173810
 Common Name:       Diagnostic Ultrasound Image Analysis System
 Classification:        Regulatory Class:  II
                     Review Category: Tier II
                           Classification Panel: Radiology
                          Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System 892.1550 90-IYN


                                                                             Page 1 of 5

VMS+
                                                             Ventripoint Medical System
                                                                      510(k) Submission

C. DEVICE DESCRIPTION
The VMS+ was cleared under 510(k) (K173810) for use in evaluation where Right Ventricle
(RV), Left Ventricle (LV), Right Atrium (RA), and Left Atrium (LA) volumes and ejection
fractions are warranted or desired. The modified VMS+ (VMS+ 3.0) has the same operating
principle and employs the same fundamental scientific technology to that of the cleared
device.

D. INTENDED USE/INDICATIONS FOR USE
The VMS+ 3.0 system is an adjunct to existing ultrasound imaging systems and is intended
to record, analyze, store and  retrieve  digital ultrasound images  for computerized 3-
dimensional image processing.

The VMS+ 3.0 system is indicated for use where Left Ventricle (LV), Right Ventricle (RV),
Left Atrium (LA), and Right Atrium (RA) volumes and ejection fractions are warranted or
desired.

E. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE REFERENCE
DEVICE
The VMS+ 3.0  is substantially equivalent to the primary predicate device, GE EchoPAC
(K150085) and the reference device, Ventripoint Medical System Plus (VMS+) (K173810) with
regard to both the intended use and technological characteristics.
As with the primary predicate device, VMS+ 3.0 provides annotation, analysis, measurement,
report generation, communication, storage and retrieval of ultrasound images that are acquired
via any ultrasound imaging system, for cardiology ultrasound applications.
Using the Knowledge-Based Reconstruction (KBR) algorithm and capturing 2D ultrasound
images at specific angles and locations to recreate the shape of a heart is the technological
principle for both the subject and predicate devices.   It is based on the use of the constructed
heart information to calculate volumes of any one of the four chambers, either at end-diastolic
and/or end-systolic.
The VMS+ 3.0 has the same intended use and provides the same technological characteristics
in terms of operational environment, software, operating system, operating  principle, and
performance when compared to the reference device.
At a high level, the subject and reference devices are based on the following same technological
elements:
•     Knowledge-based reconstruction algorithm. Requires placement of anatomic landmarks
      on the 2D images. Landmarks are then used to build an accurate 3D constructed shape
     mesh (defined by vertices, edges, and faces).

•    3D visualization and calcs: Generate a 3D surface model of the 4 chambers of the heart
      and calculate accompanying volume measurement.

•      Executing on a computer, processes data acquired by a sensor system in conjunction


                                                                             Page 2 of 5

VMS+
                                                             Ventripoint Medical System
                                                                      510(k) Submission

       with the output from the ultrasound equipment, to enable tracking anatomic landmark
       points from the 2D images and conversion of those points into 3D data points.

•     Windows OS 7 and 10 based analysis system
•    3D tracking/positional system is magnetic-based; free-hand scanning
•     Console (system) and Workstation (standalone) software
•      Patient contacting components for image acquisition
•     Measurement and analysis technique: Record the ultrasound image sequences from
       the secondary video output of the 2D ultrasound machine and tracks the ultrasound
       transducer’s 3D spatial coordinates during the imaging session by utilizing a 3D tracking
      system connected to the ultrasound transducer.

•    3D Echo and MRI functionality
•       Original VMS+ and DICOM image data formats
•      Software functionality: The software components are responsible for providing the user
       with controls for managing the hardware operation, capturing ultrasound images, marking
      up images with key anatomical features, invoking the reconstruction algorithm, displaying
       the resulting construction and generating the corresponding report.

The following technological differences exist between the subject and reference devices:
    •  Knowledge-based reconstruction located locally on the system whereas for the predicate
       device, the knowledge-based reconstruction is located on a Microsoft Windows Server
      and accessible to the data acquisition tool over the internet

    •  Use of touchscreen and mouse as input devices

    •  Use of touchscreen for image capture and general user interface

    •  Medical grade computer mounted to a medical grade variable height roll stand

    •  User manually selects the End Diastolic and End Systolic frames whereas the predicate
       device automatically determined the first End Diastolic frame.

    •  The magnetic transmitter which acts as the reference point from which position and
        orientation has been moved closer to the patient.
    •
      Scan plane adjustment for minor adjustment of the plane position obtained form the
        position sensors.

    •  User can both send to PACS and retrieve from PACS

F. PERFORMANCE DATA


                                                                             Page 3 of 5

VMS+
                                                             Ventripoint Medical System
                                                                      510(k) Submission

The following performance data were provided  in support  of the substantial equivalence
determination:
Biocompatibility Testing
Biocompatibility testing was conducted on patient contacting components of the VMS+ 3.0 device,
including evaluation tests for cytotoxicity, sensitization, and irritation of intracutaneous reactivity.
The components comply with the ISO 10993-1 standard.

Electrical safety and electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)
Electrical safety and EMC testing were conducted on the VMS+ 3.0 device. The system complies
with the IEC 60601-1 standard for safety and essential performance and IEC 60601-1-2 standard
for electromagnetic compatibility.

Software Verification and Validation
Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provides as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The software for this device
was considered as a “moderate” level of concern, since failures or latent design flaws are unlikely
to result in minor injury to the patient or operator through incorrect or delayed information or
through the action of a care provider.
The verification and validation of the existing and new features of the VMS+ 3.0 demonstrate that
the VMS+ 3.0 performs as intended, specifications conform to user needs and intended uses, and
that the requirements implemented can be consistently fulfilled.

All test reports were successful according to the acceptance criteria.  The verification and
validation were performed with software versions and hardware units that are considered
equivalent to the final version of the product, as warranted by 21 CFR 820.30(g) and with the user
interface as planned for the release.

Nonclinical Performance Bench Study
Performance bench testing of the modified device was completed to verify that the modified
device was substantially equivalent in performance specifications to the previously cleared
reference device. Predefined acceptance criteria were applied during testing and were met. The
test results generated demonstrate that the device is as safe, as effective, performs as intended
and as well as the predicate device (i.e. delivers volume measurements that are equivalent in
accuracy when compared with volumes obtained using the legally marketed VMS+.

Animal Study
No animal study was required to support substantial equivalence for the subject device.

Clinical Studies
No clinical tests were conducted to support substantial equivalence for the subject device.

                                                                             Page 4 of 5

VMS+
                                                             Ventripoint Medical System
                                                                      510(k) Submission

G. Conclusions

Device Similarities
Intended use and other key features are consistent with traditional clinical practice and FDA
guidance. The VMS+ 3.0 product conforms to applicable medical device safety standards
and compliance is verified through independent evaluation. The design and development
process of the manufacturer conforms to 21 CFR 820 Quality System Regulation and ISO
13485:2016 quality system standards.

Safety and Effectiveness
VMS+ 3.0 is a non-invasive technology. The modifications to the cleared VMS+ software and
hardware do not introduce new questions concerning safety or effectiveness.  and is therefore
substantially equivalent to the predicate. Ventripoint Diagnostics Ltd. believes that VMS+ 3.0 is
as safe and effective as the reference device and performs as well as the reference device.


                                                                             Page 5 of 5