TeraRecon, Inc.                                                        July 12, 2019
℅ Megha Jain
QARA Manager
4000 East, 3rd Ave, Suite 200
FOSTER CITY CA 94402

Re: K191585
    Trade/Device Name: iNtuition-Structural Heart Module
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: June 11, 2019
    Received: June 14, 2019

Dear Megha Jain:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K191585 - Megha Jain                                                                 Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K 191585
Device Name
iNtuition - Structural Heart Module 4.4
Indications for Use (Describe)
iNtuition-Structural Heart Module is a software solution that is intended to assist Cardiologists, Radiologists and Clinical
Specialists with the visualization and measurements of structures of the heart and vessels.
iNtuition-Structural Heart Module enables the user to:
* Visualize and measure (diameters, lengths, angles, areas and volumes) structures of the heart and vessels for
pre-operative planning and sizing for cardiovascular interventions and surgery, and for post-operative evaluation.
* Quantify calcium (volume, density)
iNtuition-Structural Heart Module has the following tools and features that facilitate:
+ Automatic and manual centerline detection.
* Segmentation of cardiovascular structures.
* Measurement tools (diameters, lengths, areas, volumes, angles) for the dimensions of vessels and structures.
* Calcium quantification and scoring.
* Various visualization techniques: 2D/3D/4D visualization, MPR, Curved MPR, Stretched MPR, MIP, MinIP, Raysum
and MAR.
* Capture and Report.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

TeraRecon, Inc.                                                 iNtuition-Structural Heart Module 510(K)

                                                               K191585
                                                    Date of Summary: 09 July 2019

   510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness
                                                                  iNtuition-Structural Heart Module
         (As required by 21 CFR 807.92(c))

 Submitter: TeraRecon, Inc.                    Contact erson: Magha Jain
 Applicant: 4000 E 3rd Ave, Suite 200         QARA Manager
 Sponsor:    Foster City, CA 94402                Ph: 650 -372-1100
 Establishment:                                  Fax: 650 -372-1101
 Registration#: 2954793                            Email: mjain@terarecon.com

 Device Information:

 Name of Device:                  iNtuition-Structural Heart Module
 Common Name:               Medical Imaging System
 Classification Name:           § 892.2050, Picture Archiving and Communications System
 Product Code:             LLZ
 Classification Panel:            Radiology
 Device Classification:            Class II

 Predicate Devices::

      -  3mensio Workstation (K153736) (Primary predicate device)
      -   iNtuition (K121916) (Secondary predicate device)

 Indications for Use:

 iNtuition-Structural Heart Module  is a  software  solution  that  is  intended  to  assist
 Cardiologists, Radiologists and Clinical Specialists with the visualization and measurements
 of structures of the heart and vessels.

 iNtuition-Structural Heart Module enables the user to:
     •   Visualize and measure (diameters, lengths, angles, areas and volumes) structures of
         the heart and vessels for pre-operative planning and sizing for cardiovascular
         interventions and surgery, and for post-operative evaluation.
     •   Quantify calcium (volume, density).

 iNtuition-Structural Heart Module has the following tools and features that facilitate:
     •  Automatic and manual centerline detection.
     •  Segmentation of cardiovascular structures.
     •  Measurement tools (diameters, lengths, areas, volumes, angles) for the dimensions
        of vessels and structures.


                                                                                     5-1

TeraRecon, Inc.                                                 iNtuition-Structural Heart Module 510(K)


     •  Calcium quantification and scoring.
     •  Various visualization techniques: 2D/3D/4D visualization, MPR, Curved MPR,
        Stretched MPR, MIP, MinIP, Raysum and MAR.
     •  Capture and Report.

 Device Description:

 iNtuition-Structural Heart Module is an optional image post-processing software module
 using iNtuition (K121916) standard features and part of its optional features. It is a software
 device generally used with the off-the-shelf hardware, offered in various configurations, with
 the simplest configuration being a stand-alone workstation capable of image review,
 communications, archiving, database maintenance, remote review, reporting and basic 3D
 capabilities. It can also be configured as a server with some, or with all, or none of its optional
 features.

 Whether provided as a workstation or a server, the iNtuition-Structural Heart Module software
 is designed to provide access by a local user physically sitting at the computer hosting the
 iNtuition server software, and/or by one or more remote users who concurrently connect to the
 server using a freely-downloadable thin client application or through a zero-footprint web
 viewer (with conference capabilities) over local network or internet.

 iNtuition-Structural Heart Module is iNtuition (K121916) based optional feature and employs
  all standard features offered by iNtuition such as convenient image manipulation tools like
 drawing of region of interests, manual and automatic segmentation of structures, image
 assessment and measurement tools – linear, diameter, perimeter, angle, area and volume and
 tools that support the creation of reports, transmitting and storing this report in digital form
 and tracking historical information about the studies analyzed by the software. iNtuition
 Vessel analysis and calcium scoring features are utilized to support automatic and manual
 centerline extraction and analysis and calcium quantification.

 iNtuition-Structural Heart Module:

      •   Supports the visualization and quantification of coronary vessels and cardiac
         structures for anatomic and pre- or post-operative evaluations through guided clinical
        workflows.
      •   Enables the assessment and measurement of different structures of the heart, e.g.
         aorta, aortic valves, mitral valve, pulmonic valve, atria and atrial appendages, and
         ventricles.
      •   Provides analysis of the feasibility of a transapical, transfemoral or subclavian
        approach to structures for replacement or repair procedures via 3D measurements.
      •  Uses the same iNtuition (K121916) Vessel Analysis and Calcium modules.Enables


                                                                                     5-2

TeraRecon, Inc.                                                 iNtuition-Structural Heart Module 510(K)


         assessment and measurement of vessels and can help identify calcifications, aneurysms
        and other anomalies to quickly and reliably prepare for various types of vascular
         procedures.Supports the creation, transmission and storage of a report in digital form. It
        can also track historical information about the studies analyzed by the software.Displays
          results analysis, that can be printed as hardcopy or saved in a variety of formats to a
         hard disk, network, PACS system or CD/DVD/USB.


 Comparison Technological Characteristics:

A comparison of the technological characteristics of the predicates and subject device is given in
 the table below:

                   New Device                  Predicate Device               Predicate Device
                                                        (Secondary)                    (Primary)
Device Name         iNtuition-Structural Heart                iNtuition              3mensio Workstation
                        Module
Manufacturer             Terarecon, Inc.                 Terarecon, Inc.              Pie Medical Imaging
510(k) Number            K191585                  K121916                  K153736
                                                 Indication for Use
                    iNtuition-Structural Heart       -  To receive, store, transmit,  3mensio Workstation enables
               Module is a software solution       post- process, display and    visualization and measurement
                     that is intended to assist            allow manipulation of       of structures of the heart and
                   Cardiologists, Radiologists and      reports and medical images  vessels for:
                    Clinical Specialists with the       from acquisition devices,    -   Pre-operational planning
                    visualization and measurements     including optical or other       and sizing for
                  of structures of the heart and      non-DICOM format images,     cardiovascular
                    vessels.                  DICOM images with             interventions and surgery
                                                   modality type XA, US, CR,  -   Postoperative evaluation
                    iNtuition-Structural Heart        DR, SPECT, NM and MG,                                                                                      -   Support of clinical
               Module enables the user to:        and images from volumetric                                                                                      diagnosis by quantifying
                                                  medical scanning devices                                                                               dimensions in coronary
Indications for Use -   Visualize and measure         such as EBT, CT, PET or                                                                                                  arteries
                       (diameters, lengths, angles,    MRI. To provide access to                                                                                      -   Support of clinical                       areas and volumes)           images derived data and
                                                                                      diagnosis by quantifying
                         structures of the heart and      derived images via clientcalcifications (calcium
                        vessels for pre- operative       server software, web
                                                                                        scoring) in the coronary
                      planning and sizing for        browser and mobile
                                                                                                  arteries
                       cardiovascular                 technology.
                        interventions and surgery,
                                                                                 -  To facilitate the above, the                    and for post- operative     -   Visualization in 2D/3D and                                                                       3mensio Workstation provides                        evaluation.              4D are supported for single
                                                                                  general functionality such as:                   -   Quantify calcium (volume,     or multiple datasets. or
                                                                                 -   Segmentation of                        density)                      combinations thereof. Tools
                                                                                  cardiovascular structures                                                       are provided to define and
                                                                                      -   Automatic and manual               -    iNtuition-Structural Heart            edit paths through structures
               Module has the following tools     such as center lines, which       centerline detection
                and features that facilitate:       may be used to analyze      -   Visualization and image-
               -   Automatic and manual              cross- sections of structures,     reconstruction techniques:
                                                      or to provide flythrough      2D review, Volume                    centerline detection.
                                                         visualizations rendered          Rendering, MPR, Curved               -   Segmentation of cardiovascular                                                   along such a centerline.       MPR, Stretched CMRP,
                     structures.


                                                                                      5-3

TeraRecon, Inc.                                                 iNtuition-Structural Heart Module 510(K)


              -   Measurement tools (diameters,     Segmentation of regions of      Slabbing, MIP, AIP,
              -    lengths, areas, volumes, angles)      interest and quantitative        MinIP
                                                       analysis tools are provided,
                                                         for images of vasculature,
                                                  pathology and morphology,
                                                     including distance, angle,
                                                volume, histogram, ratios
                                                          thereof, and tracking of
                                                         quantities over time. A
                                                   database is provided to track
                                              and compare results using
                                                   published comparison
                                                    techniques such as RECIST
                                              and WHO. Calcium scoring
                                                         for quantification of
                                                        atherosclerotic plaque is
                                                     supported.


                                                                                     5-4

TeraRecon, Inc.                                                 iNtuition-Structural Heart Module 510(K)


                  New Device                  Predicate Device                Predicate Device
                                                        (Secondary)                     (Primary)
                     for the dimensions of vessels Support is provided for digital     Measurement and annotation
                 and structures.             image processing to derive         tools
                 Calcium quantification and   metadata or new images from input Reporting tools
                    scoring.                  image sets, for internal use or for
                  Various visualization        forwarding to other devices using
                    techniques: 2D/3D/4D        the DICOM protocol. Image
                     visualization, MPR, Curved  processing tools are provided to
              MPR, Stretched MPR, MIP,  extract metadata to derive
                 MinIP, Raysum and MAR.   parametric images from
                  Capture and Report.         combinations of multiple input
                                              images, such as temporal phases, or
                                           images co-located in space but
                                               acquired with different imaging
                                                parameters, such as different MR
                                                pulse sequences, or different CT
                                          image parameters (e.g. dual
                                                 energy).

                                                   iNtuition is designed for use by
                                                 healthcare professionals and is
                                               intended to assist the physician in
                                                  diagnosis, who is responsible for
                                         making all final patient
                                        management decisions.

                                                    Interpretation of mammographic
                                           images or digitized film screen
                                           images is supported only when the
                                               software is used without
                                            compression and with an FDAApproved monitor that offers at
                                                       least 5Mpixel resolution and meets
                                                  other technical specifications
                                            reviewed and accepted by the FDA.

                                         iNtuitionMOBILE provides
                                                  wireless and portable access to
                                             medical images. This device is not
                                               intended to replace full
                                                workstations and should be used
                                              only when there is no access to a
                                                 workstation. Not intended for
                                                 diagnostic use when used via a web
                                            browser or mobile device.

                                          Technical Characteristics
                    -   CT, MR, Nuc, PET,      -   CT, MR, Nuc, PET, Angio,    -  CT data in DICOM
                      Angio, US/Echo,           US/Echo, SPECT, CR/DR         format (vendor
                  SPECT,                 Review                          independent)
Data Type          -  CR/DR Review          -   2D, 3D, 4D Medical Image
                    -   2D, 3D, 4D Medical         review including cine play
                    Image review including
                        cine play
                    -   Manual through          -   Manual through                -   Manual through
Input Patient Data      keyboard/mouse            keyboard/mouse                 keyboard/mouse
                    -  Command line interface  -  Command line interface       -  Command line interface

TeraRecon, Inc.                                                 iNtuition-Structural Heart Module 510(K)


                    -   Importing                -   Importing                      -   Exporting
                    -   Exporting                -   Exporting                      -   Deleting
                    -   Deleting                 -   Deleting                       -   Anonymizing (no
Study list           -   Search                   -   Search                           automatic deletion of
functionality                                                                                 original patient data)                    -   Anonymization          -   Anonymization
                                                                                       -   Search
                    -   Automatic and manual   -   Automatic and manual         -   Realign orthogonal
                         centerlines                    centerlines                   MPR's
                    -   Centerline edits and      -   Centerline edits and            -   Segmentation toolset:
                        refinements.                 refinements.                   -   Automatic segmentation
                    -   Vessel Analysis          -   Vessel Analysis               -   Automatic centerline
                    -   Automatic and manual   -   Automatic and manual         -   Manual centerlineCenterline                      segmentation of             segmentation of structuresExtraction and                                                                        -   Centerline editing
                          structures                -   Segmentation editing                                                                                       -   Undo/Redo operations
                    -   Segmentation editing                                                                                       -   Volume sculpting
                    -   Linear (length, diameter, -   Linear (length, diameter,       -   Linear (length and
                         perimeter), distance pair,     perimeter), distance pair,           diameter), angular and
                       angular and ROI             angular and ROI              ROI measurements
                     measurements              measurements                 -   Volume measurements
                    -   Area measurements      -   Area measurements            -   C-arm angulation
                    -   Volume measurements   -   Volume measurements             calculation
                        including volumetric         including volumetric           -   Text and arrow
                       histogram, VOI and TVA    histogram, VOI and TVA for       annotations
                          for Time Volume          Time Volume Analysis for     -   Calcium scoring for
                       Analysis for heart             heart chamber segmentation                                                                                  assessment of calcium in
                    chamber segmentation       and analysis                                                                                          the aortic root
                     and analysis              -   C-arm angulation calculation                                                                                       -   Calcium scoring for
                    -   C-arm angulation        -   Text and arrow annotations        assessment of calcium in
                         calculationImage Assessment                                -   Anatomy ID (Landmark Label     the coronary arteries
                    -   Text and arrow               Selection)                     -   Segmentation and
                        annotations              -   Calcium scoring for                analysis of coronary
                    -   Anatomy ID (Landmark      assessment of calcium in the        artery tree centerline
                      Label Selection)               aortic root
                    -   Calcium scoring for      -   Calcium scoring for
                      assessment of calcium in     assessment of calcium in the
                         the aortic root               coronary arteries
                    -   Calcium scoring for      -   Segmentation and analysis of
                      assessment of calcium in     coronary artery tree centerline
                         the coronary arteries     -   Synchronized side-by- side
                    -   Segmentation and           review
                         analysis of coronary      -   Synchronized center of
                         artery tree centerline                                                         rotation viewing
                    -   Synchronized side-by-                                                   -   Findings workflow for
                         side review                                                  temporal correlative analysis
                    -   Synchronized center of                                                   -   2D/3D Batch movie tool and
                         rotation viewing                                                    export
                    -   Findings workflow for
                      temporal correlative
                         analysis
                    -   2D/3D Batch movie tool
                     and export

TeraRecon, Inc.                                                 iNtuition-Structural Heart Module 510(K)


                  New Device                  Predicate Device                Predicate Device
                                                        (Secondary)                     (Primary)
                    -   Volume rendering, MIP, -   Volume rendering,             -   Orthogonal, oblique,
                 MPR, MinIP, Raysum    -   MIP, MPR, MinIP,               double oblique, curved,
                   (ThickMPR)             -   Raysum (ThickMPR)              cross-curved, stretched
Image Assessment  -  3D triangulation                                              -  MPR rendering                                                   -  3D triangulationRendering                    -   Perspective endoluminal                                     -   MIP, AveIP, MinIP and                                                   -   Perspective endoluminal view
                    view                                                            color volume slabs                                                   -   Medial Axial Reformat (MAR)
                    -   Medial Axial Reformat                                       -  MIP volume rendering                                                   -   Curved Planar Reformat
                 (MAR)                                                       -   Color volume rendering                                           (CPR)
                    -   Curved Planar Reformat                                      -   Grayscale volume                                                   -   Double-oblique MIP and MPR
                   (CPR)                                                         rendering                                                   -   Image enhancement filters
                    -   Double-oblique MIP and                                     -  2D slice review and stack                                                   -   Synchronized side-by- side              MPR                                                    comparison
                                                viewing
                    -   Image enhancement                                          -  4D cine                                                   -   Synchronized center of
                              filters                                                        -    Interactive VOI clipping                                                         rotation viewing                    -   Synchronized side-by-                                                                                       -   Multi-tissue color and                                                   -   Cube View                         side viewing                                                                                       opacity control                                                   -   Workflow templates                    -   Synchronized center of                                                                                       -   Active presets                         rotation viewing         -   Multi-Mask Display (multi-                                                                                       -   User-defined presets                    -   Cube View                   object display)
                                                   -   User-defined measurement                    -   Workflow templates
                                                     protocols                    -   Multi-Mask Display
                                                   -   Editing tools: crop, cut, free-                         (multi- object display)
                                              hand                    -   User-defined
                    measurement protocols
                    -   Editing tools: crop, cut,
                          free- hand
                    -   Structured reporting with -   Structured reporting with xml, -
                      xml, text, xls output            text, xls output                 -   Printout
Storage of Results  -  Word and html report    -  Word and html report          -   Session state
                    -  DICOM SC              -  DICOM SC                    -  PDF format
                    -   Workflow scenes: restore -   Workflow scenes: restore      -  DICOM PDF report
                      saved state                 saved state
Conferencing and                             Conferencing and Collaboration
Collaboration      Conferencing and                                  N/A
                   Collaboration
Operating System  Microsoft Windows         Microsoft Windows               Microsoft Windows


 Summary of Clinical Performance Tests:

  iNtuition-Structural Heart Module did not require clinical studies to demonstrate its safety
 and effectiveness.


 General Safety and Effectiveness Concerns:

  iNtuition-Structural Heart Module doesn’t present any safety concerns or effectiveness.
  iNtuition- Structural Heart Module has the same standard and part of optional features,
  technological characteristics, and similar indications for use than its predicates.

TeraRecon, Inc.                                                 iNtuition-Structural Heart Module 510(K)


iNtuition-Structural Heart Module instructions for use are included within the device labeling
provided in Volume 013 and in Appendix A, and the information provided in the labeling
will enable the user to operate the device in a safe and effective manner.

Risk management is ensured via risk analysis, which is used to identify and mitigate potential
hazards from early design phase till design software validation and release. These potential
hazards are controlled during software development by verification and validation testing.
Furthermore, the software operators are healthcare professionals who are responsible for
making all final patient management decisions.


Conformance Standards:
There are no applicable FDA mandated performance standards for this device. However,
voluntary standards such as DICOM, various in-house standard operating procedures are in
place and have been utilized in the production of the software.

The device complies with the following conformance standards:
     -  ISO 14971:2007- Medical devices - Application of risk management to medical
       devices.
     -  IEC 62304:2006/A1:2015 - Medical device software - Software life cycle processes.
     -  IEC 62366-1:2015 - Medical Devices - Application of usability engineering to
       medical devices.
     -  NEMA PS 3.1-3.20 (2016) - Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine
     (DICOM) set.


Performance Data
The verification and Validation tests have been performed to address the indication for use,
the technological characteristics claims, requirement specifications and risk management
results.


Substantial Equivalence:
In all material aspects, iNtuition-Structural Heart Module is substantially equivalent to the
predicate devices. Performance testing was carried out according to internal company
procedures. Software testing and validation were done according to written test protocols
established before testing was conducted. Test results were reviewed by designated technical
professionals before being formalized and after ensuring that the software fully satisfies all
expected and previously defined system requirements and features. Test results support the
conclusion that iNtuition- Structural Heart Module performance satisfies the design intent
and is equivalent to its predicate devices.

TeraRecon, Inc.                                                 iNtuition-Structural Heart Module 510(K)


 Conclusion:

 iNtuition-Structural Heart Module, as described in this premarket notification, has similar
 indication for use and same technical characteristics as the predicate devices, and therefore, is
 substantially equivalent in terms of basic design, features and intended use to those predicates.

 In summary, TeraRecon, Inc., believes that iNtuition-Structural Heart Module is an optional
 feature of iNtuition (K121916) and doesn’t present any new safety or effectiveness risks to
 users and is substantially equivalent to and performs as well as the predicate devices.