MultiModal Imaging Services Corporation (dba HealthLytix)          November 19, 2019
℅ Stephen Kosnosky, PMP, ASQ CMQ/OE
Quality and Regulatory Manager
4747 Executive Drive, Suite 820
SAN DIEGO CA 92121

Re: K191278
    Trade/Device Name: RSI-MRI+
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: November 8, 2019
    Received: November 12, 2019

Dear Mr. Kosnosky:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K191278 - Stephen Kosnosky, PMP, ASQ CMQ/OE                                        Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

K191278


RSI-MRI+


RSI-MRI+ is indicated for use as automatic post-acquisition image processing software for analysis of diffusionweighted and anatomical magnetic resonance imaging data.


RSI-MRI+ is intended for automatic fusion of derived diffusion-weighted MRI data with anatomical T2-weighted MR

images.


RSI-MRI+ is additionally intended to provide automatic prostate segmentation, quantification, and reporting of derived

image metrics.


RSI-MRI+ is not intended for use in pediatric populations.


RSI-MRI+ is not intended to diagnose, treat, or prevent diseases or conditions.


RSI-MRI+ is intended to be used in a variety of settings such as hospitals, clinics, and medical offices.


                                                   Page 30 of 285

510(k) Summary                                           K191278


Submission Information:

                             MultiModal Imaging Services Corporation (dba HealthLytix)          Submitter’s Name

                           4747 Executive Drive, Suite 820
         Submitter’s Address
                            San Diego, CA 92121

                              +001.619.340.0503        Submitter Telephone

                             Stephen Kosnosky PMP, ASQ CMQ/OE           Contact Name

          Date Prepared     Sept 18, 2019
        Trade or Proprietary   RSI-MRI+
           Name
       Common or Usual    Picture Archiving and Communications System
           Name
                               System, Image Processing, Radiological) (21 CFR 892.2050)           Classification Name

                                  Class II           Regulatory Class

                               LLZ            Product Code

                               Eigen ProFuse CAD (K173744)

                            As of submission date this predicate device has not been subject to
           Predicate Device                             a design-related recall.

                       No reference devices were used in this submission.


Device Description:

RSI-MRI+ is standalone software that is used by radiologists, urologists, and other clinicians to assist
with analysis and interpretation of medical images. RSI-MRI+ accepts DICOM images using supported
protocols and performs automatic post-acquisition analysis of diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance
imaging (DWI) data and optional automated fusion of derived image data with anatomical T2-
weighted MR images.

HealthLytix                                                                                                Page 1 of 5
Premarket Notification – RSI-MRI+

Some of the features of RSI-MRI+ include:

    •  Restricted Signal Map: The derived image data produced by RSI-MRI+ includes an enhanced
     DWI map (the Restricted Signal Map), which demonstrates improved conspicuity of restricted
        diffusion compared to standard DWI maps.

   •  Color Fusion Series: RSI-MRI+ can be configured to produce a color fusion series which overlays the Restricted Signal Map intensity onto the anatomical T2-weighted image series.

   •  Automated Prostate Segmentation: RSI-MRI+ uses artificial intelligence (AI) powered by a
      deep learning algorithm to automatically segment the prostate on anatomical T2-weighted images. The segmentation result is provided in the separate Prostate Segmentation Series.

   •  Automated Segmentation Report: RSI-MRI+ generates a report of segmentation volume and
      images of the segmented prostate as a colored outline on the anatomical image.

   •  Export: RSI-MRI+ outputs are provided in standard DICOM format, which is compatible with
      most third-party commercial PACS workstation software.


NOTE: The RSI-MRI+ supported protocols differ from PI-RADS v2.1 in that they have lower in-plane resolution
for T2W images and thicker slices for the GE DWI.


    Indications for Use:

   RSI-MRI+ is indicated for use as automatic post-acquisition image processing software for analysis
    of diffusion-weighted and anatomical magnetic resonance imaging data.

   RSI-MRI+ is intended for automatic fusion of derived diffusion-weighted MRI data with anatomical
   T2-weighted MR images.

   RSI-MRI+ is additionally intended to provide automatic prostate segmentation, quantification, and
    reporting of derived image metrics.

   RSI-MRI+ is not intended for use in pediatric populations.

   RSI-MRI+ is not intended to diagnose, treat, or prevent diseases or conditions.

   RSI-MRI+ is intended to be used in a variety of settings such as hospitals, clinics, and medical offices.


Substantial Equivalence:

HealthLytix                                                                                                Page 2 of 5
Premarket Notification – RSI-MRI+

The product’s technical features are substantially equivalent to the ProFuse CAD (K173744). Many of
the features of the ProFuse CAD (K173744) software are included in RSI-MRI+. RSI-MRI+ is standalone
software that runs on a network connected server or PC workstation. The RSI-MRI+ device accepts
DICOM image data as input to perform image processing including diffusion series analysis, automatic
segmentation, fusion of images, and automated reporting from MRI scans.

At a high level, the subject and predicate devices are based on the following same technological
elements:

   •  Software devices
   •  DICOM compatibility for input and output
   •   Diffusion-series analysis
   •  Image fusion
   •  Automated reporting
   •  MRI Image analysis
   •   Display and measurement data may be viewed, accepted, or rejected by a clinician
   •  For use in hospital, clinic, or medical office


The following differences exist between the subject and predicate devices:

   •  Image format compatibility (RSI-MRI+ is compatible with DWI-MRI, predicate has additional
       compatibility with MRI, CT, PET)
   •  Contrast image processing (RSI-MRI+ does not contain this functionality)
   •   Co-registration (RSI-MRI+ does not contain this functionality)
   •  Image annotation (RSI-MRI+ does not contain this functionality)
   •  Manual segmentation (RSI-MRI+ has automatic segmentation, predicate uses manual
       segmentation)
   •  Image viewing (RSI-MRI+ does not contain this functionality, images are viewable on most 3rd
       party commercial PACS workstation software)


HealthLytix                                                                                                Page 3 of 5
Premarket Notification – RSI-MRI+

Predicate Device:

                       Function              RSI-MRI+                  ProFuse CAD
                                              (Subject Device)                (K173744)
                    Product Code                LLZ                           LLZ
                DICOM Input       DICOM compatible         DICOM compatible
                    Diffusion – series    Post-processing analysis of     Post-processing analysis of
                         analysis          Diffusion MRI data with     Diffusion MRI data with single
                                      multi-compartment RSI      compartment DWI model.
                                             model.
                   Segmentation       Automated Prostate           Manual Prostate
                                       Segmentation: RSI-MRI+     Segmentation: ProFuse CAD
                                     software provides automatic    has a marking feature that
                                         prostate segmentation,      allows the user to manually
                                          quantification, and reporting    segment the prostate and
                                          of derived image metrics.     provides quantification and
                                                                       reporting of derived image
                                                                                   metrics.
                     Co-Registration      Does not contain this       Performs co-registration of
                                                    functionality.                    images.
                       Fusion       Automated fusion of derived  Automated fusion of derived
                                            Diffusion MRI data with        Diffusion MRI data with
                                         anatomical MRI data         anatomical MRI data in
                                                                      addition to other data sources
                      Report                  Yes                         Yes
               DICOM output      DICOM compatible         DICOM compatible
                   Data Source          MRI Scanner        MRI Scanner, CT Scanner, PET
                                                                         Scanner
                         Safety        Display/measurement data    Display/measurement data
                                    can be viewed, accepted, or   can be viewed, accepted, or
                                          rejected by a physician.        rejected by a physician.
                  Environment for      Hospital, Clinic, Medical    Hospital, Clinic, Medical Office,
                       use                     Office               Home Office


Testing and Performance Data:

The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence
determination:

Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provided as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket


HealthLytix                                                                                                Page 4 of 5
Premarket Notification – RSI-MRI+

Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”. All product and engineering specifications
were verified and validated.

Software validation was performed to demonstrate that RSI MRI+ processes DICOM images and
presents the processed images and quantitative results in DICOM format. In all instances RSI-MRI+
functioned as intended and outputs were created as expected.

Performance testing included protocols demonstrating;
     -   Increased conspicuity of the RSI-MRI+ Restricted Signal Map to standard DWI maps in regions
       of restricted diffusion
     -   Accuracy of automated segmentation compared to manual radiologist segmentations
     -   Diffusion signal normalization across acquisitions and scanners

Retrospective clinical data (including professionally labeled regions-of-interest, T2-weighted
anatomical data, and raw diffusion image series) were used for verification and validation of the
diffusion analysis (diffusion signal normalization and Restricted Signal Map conspicuity).


Nonclinical Testing and Performance Information

Nonclinical and performance testing has been performed by designated individuals as required by
HealthLytix quality procedures. Verification & Validation Test Plans were designed to evaluate all input
functions, output functions, and actions performed by RSI-MRI+ in each operational mode. RSI-MRI+
has been assessed and tested at the manufacturer's facility and has passed all in-house testing criteria
including validating design, function and specifications. Measurement validation was performed on
clinically acquired images and shows that RSI-MRI+ is safe and effective. Nonclinical and performance
testing results are provided in the 510(k) and demonstrate that the predetermined acceptance criteria
are met.


Conclusion:

The results of comparing the intended use, features and functionality, technological characteristics,
mode of operation, and specifications of RSI-MRI+ with those of the predicate device demonstrate
that RSI-MRI+ is substantially equivalent. Any differences between RSI-MRI+ and the predicate device
do not raise any new questions of safety or effectiveness.


HealthLytix                                                                                                Page 5 of 5
Premarket Notification – RSI-MRI+