July 18, 2019

DreaMed Diabetes Ltd.
Eran Atlas
Co-Founder & CEO
5 Mota Gur Street
Petah Tikva, 4952701
Israel

Re: K191370
    Trade/Device Name: DreaMed Advisor Pro
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1358
    Regulation Name: Insulin therapy adjustment device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QCC
    Dated: May 20, 2019
    Received: May 22, 2019

Dear Eran Atlas:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

K191370 – Eran Atlas                                                                 Page 2


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                       Kellie B. Kelm -S

                                                Kellie B. Kelm, Ph.D.
                                           Acting Director
                                             Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
k191370

Device Name
DreaMed Advisor Pro


Indications for Use (Describe)
DreaMed Advisor Pro is a decision-support software intended for assisting healthcare professionals in the management of
patients with Type 1 diabetes who:
•use insulin pumps as their insulin delivery therapy;
• monitor their glucose levels using CGM and/or self-management blood glucose
meter;
• are above the age of 6 and under 65 years old; and
• use rapid acting U-100 insulin analogs in their pump.
DreaMed Advisor Pro is indicated for use by healthcare professionals when analyzing continuous glucose monitoring
(CGM), self-monitoring blood glucose (SMBG) and pump data to generate recommendations for optimizing a patient’s
insulin pump settings for basal rate, carbohydrate ratio (CR), and correction factor (CF); without considering the full
clinical status of a particular patient. DreaMed Advisor Pro does not replace clinical judgement.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510k submission
                              DreaMed Diabetes, Ltd.
                    510(k) Summary


Pursuant to CFR 807.92, the following 510(k) Summary is provided:


1. (a)   Submitter           DreaMed Diabetes Ltd.
        Address:             5 Mota Gur Street
                             Petah Tikva
                           4952701
                                      Israel

1. (b)   Manufacturer        DreaMed Diabetes Ltd.
        Address:             5 Mota Gur Street
                              Petah Tikva
                           4952701
                                      Israel

       Mfg. Phone:               Tel.: +972-52-3166684

        Contact Person:        Mr. Eran Atlas

        Date:             May 20th, 2019

2.      Device &            DreaMed Advisor Pro, which is an Insulin Pump Therapy Adjustment
         Classification Name:    Calculator For Healthcare Professionals classified as Class 2 QCC, Regulation
                         Number 21 CFR 862.1358

3.       Predicate Device:       Trade/Device Name: DreaMed Advisor Pro
                                Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1358
                                Regulation Name: Insulin Therapy Adjustment Device
                                Regulatory Class: Class II
                              Product Code: QCC
                          DEN170043

4.       Description:          DreaMed Advisor Pro is a software device that is designed to provide insulin
                               therapy adjustment recommendations to physicians to assist in the management
                                 of diabetes for patients with Type 1 diabetes using an insulin pump, a continuous
                                glucose monitoring (CGM) system and self-management blood glucose meter
                             (SMBG).
                            The DreaMed Advisor Pro gathers and analyzes information inputted through
                                   qualified Diabetes Management Systems (DMS), which collects biological input
                                information from various diabetes devices. Diabetes device information required
                           and used by DreaMed Advisor Pro includes glucose readings (either CGM sensor
                                readings and/or capillary blood glucose measurements), insulin dosing logs, and
                            meal data during daily routine care.


                                        DreaMed Diabetes, Ltd.
                                       Section 005 | Page 1 of 9

Following data collection and analysis, the DreaMed Advisor Pro generates results
                                containing summary data and recommendations for adjustments to the patient’s
                                     insulin therapy parameters, including basal insulin delivery rate(s), insulin to
                              carbohydrate ratio and correction factor (insulin sensitivity). DreaMed Advisor Pro
                        may also advise behavioral changes. Results are sent to a qualified Diabetes
                         Management Systems, which displays results to physicians and a report provided
                            by DreaMed Diabetes. The physician can approve, reject or change the
                            recommendations and issue the updated treatment plan to the patient.

5.      Environment of Use:   None


6.      Intended Use and     DreaMed Advisor Pro is a decision-support software intended for assisting
         Indication for use:      healthcare professionals in the management of patients with Type 1 diabetes who:
                             •use insulin pumps as their insulin delivery therapy;
                            • monitor their glucose levels using CGM and/or self-management blood glucose
                              meter;
                            • are above the age of 6 and under 65 years old; and
                            • use rapid acting U-100 insulin analogs in their pump.
                          DreaMed Advisor Pro is indicated for use by healthcare professionals when
                                 analyzing continuous glucose monitoring (CGM), self-monitoring blood glucose
                           (SMBG) and pump data to generate recommendations for optimizing a patient’s
                                     insulin pump settings for basal rate, carbohydrate ratio (CR), and correction factor
                                     (CF); without considering the full clinical status of a particular patient. DreaMed
                                Advisor Pro does not replace clinical judgement.


7.      Comparison of the     With respect to the indication for use we conclude that the differences in the
         indication for use       indication for use of new version of DreaMed Advisor Pro do not affect the safety
                           and effectiveness of the device and do not alter the intended the use of the
                                  devices.


8.      Comparison of        With respect to technology characteristics the new version of DreaMed Advisor Pro
        Technological              is substantially equivalent to its predicate device. DreaMed Diabetes believes that
         Characteristics:          their device does not raise additional safety of efficacy concerns. At the end of this
                           summary, a comparison table is provided.


9.       Non-clinical tests      DreaMed Advisor Pro was validated pursuant to the Major Level of Concern
                               requirements. Design validation testing and human factors study results
                              confirmed that the DreaMed Advisor Pro performs according to the stated
                              intended use. The Human Factors validation was documented according to FDA
                             Guidance - Applying Human Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical Devices
                                (February 3, 2016). Software evaluation consisted of functional testing
                             performed pursuant to DreaMed’s software test plan. All test results fell within
                               the pre-determined specification parameters and acceptance criteria.


                                  Special controls were implemented and validated according to DreaMed software
                                    test plan.


                                        DreaMed Diabetes, Ltd.
                                       Section 005 | Page 2 of 9

In addition, DreaMed has performed retrospective tests between the predicate
                                device and the subject device. Results show that the two devices present high level
                                 of agreement when comparing the recommendations of each version over similar
                              data sets of patients. Thus, from the high rate of level of agreement we can
                              conclude that if there is enough data with simulated-SMBG DreaMed Advisor Pro is
                            making similar recommendations to pump settings as DreaMed Advisor Pro
                            (DEN170043) would do. When there is not data enough data DreaMed Advisor Pro
                                doesn't recommend to changes the pump settings. This is exactly the
                                    characteristics of DreaMed Advisor Pro (DEN170043) when there is not enough
                     CGM data to make certain recommendation. Therefore, it can be concluded that
                         DreaMed Advisor Pro is substantially equivalent to DreaMed Advisor Pro
                              (DEN170043).

10.       Clinical Tests:           Additional retrospective clinical study were performed to evaluate physicians’
                                   strategies of adjustment of insulin pump settings based on glucometer and pump
                               data alone for patients with type 1 diabetes and to compare results to automated
                            recommendations given by the DreaMed Advisor Pro. The study involved 17
                                experts which reviewed data set of 15 patients. Recommendations were
                           compared to examine the level of agreement between one expert to his colleague
                                      (total of 136 pairs) versus the level of agreement between DreaMed Advisor Pro
                            recommendations and experts (total of 17 pairs). The study results show that the
                            recommendations of the DreaMed Advisor Pro when is based on SMBG data alone
                           were significantly as good as the recommendations of expert in the basal, CR and
                                     in the CF plan with regards to the direction of change.  Therefore, the Advisor Pro
                            recommendations could be considered similar to those given by Healthcare
                                  Professional who work at leading centers with a wealth of experience in the field
                                 of diabetes and who are especially familiar with diabetes technology devices


                                        DreaMed Diabetes, Ltd.
                                       Section 005 | Page 3 of 9

The following table compares these features and characteristics:


Table 2: Technological Characteristics Comparison
Feature /                 Subject Device                  Predicate Device              Assessment of
Characteristic          DreaMed Advisor Pro         DreaMed Advisor Pro            difference
                           (subject device)              (DEN 170043)
Product Code          QCC                     QCC                      Same
Intended use (the        An Insulin pump therapy       An Insulin pump therapy       Same
general purpose of the        adjustment calculator for        adjustment calculator
device or its function)          healthcare professionals,          for healthcare
                         intended to recommend          professionals, intended
                              insulin pump therapy            to recommend insulin
                        parameters adjustments       pump therapy
                                (e.g. basal rates, insulin         parameters adjustments
                          to carbohydrate ratios,             (e.g. basal rates, insulin
                              insulin sensitivity factors)         to carbohydrate ratios,
                        based on data from                insulin sensitivity
                           external devices,                  factors) based on data
                            including continuous           from external devices,
                          glucose monitors                 including continuous
                                                          glucose monitors
Indication for use        DreaMed Advisor Pro is a       DreaMed Advisor Pro is a         Different
(the disease or               decision-support                 decision-support               (marked
condition the device will        software intended for           software intended for           with
diagnose, treat,                assisting healthcare                assisting healthcare            BOLD)
prevent, cure or
mitigate, including a           professionals                     professionals
description of the               in the management of             in the management of
patient population for          patients with Type 1              patients with Type 1
which the device is                          diabetes who:                   diabetes who:
intended)                       • use insulin pumps as          • use insulin pumps as
                             their insulin delivery               their insulin delivery
                          therapy;                         therapy;
                       • monitor their glucose         • monitor their glucose
                             levels using CGM and/or          levels using either of the
                       self-management blood          following:
                         glucose meter               o CGM, or
                       • are above the age of 6        o CGM and selfand under 65 years old;        management blood
                      and                            glucose meter
                       • use rapid acting U-100        • are above the age of 6
                              insulin analogs in their         and under 65 years old;
                   pump                       and
                     DreaMed Advisor Pro is         • use rapid acting U-100
                           indicated for use by                insulin analogs in their
                          healthcare professionals       pump
                    when analyzing              DreaMed Advisor Pro is
                         continuous                       indicated for use by
                          glucose monitoring              healthcare professionals
                        (CGM), self-monitoring        when analyzing


                                        DreaMed Diabetes, Ltd.
                                       Section 005 | Page 4 of 9

Table 2: Technological Characteristics Comparison
Feature /                 Subject Device                  Predicate Device              Assessment of
Characteristic          DreaMed Advisor Pro         DreaMed Advisor Pro            difference
                           (subject device)              (DEN 170043)
                        blood glucose (SMBG)           continuous
                      and pump data to               glucose monitoring
                         generate                      (CGM), self-monitoring
                       recommendations for           blood glucose (SMBG)
                           optimizing a patient’s          and pump data to
                              insulin pump settings for         generate
                           basal rate, carbohydrate        recommendations for
                              ratio                            optimizing a patient’s
                             (CR), and correction                insulin pump settings for
                            factor (CF); without              basal rate, carbohydrate
                           considering the full                ratio
                                 clinical status of a                  (CR), and correction
                             particular patient.                factor (CF); without
                     DreaMed Advisor Pro            considering the full
                       does not replace clinical            clinical status of a
                         judgment.                         particular patient.
                                               DreaMed Advisor Pro
                                                    does not replace clinical
                                                       judgment.
Data inputs types         Continuous glucose             Continuous glucose           Same
                         monitoring (CGM), self-          monitoring (CGM), selfmonitoring blood glucose        monitoring blood
                      (SMBG) and pump data          glucose (SMBG) and
                                           pump data
Timeframe over          21 days                      21 days                   Same
which data inputs
must be collected
Minimum number       Minimum of 12 valid          Minimum of 12 valid              Different
of data points            days in order to perform         days in order to perform        (marked
required for                 analysis, where a valid             analysis, where a valid           with
accurate                day is defined as a day          day is defined as a day          BOLD)
recommendations         the consisted of:                the consisted of:
                    Minimum glucose data        Minimum glucose data
                        per valid day:                  per valid day:
                             •   At least 67% of CGM        •   At least 67% of CGM
                                 sensor readings per             sensor readings per
                              day according to the           day according to the
                                   sensor’s sample rate             sensor’s sample rate
                                                 (i.e., for a sensor that                (i.e., for a sensor that
                                 presents glucose                presents glucose
                                  readings every 5                readings every 5
                               minutes at least 192           minutes at least 192
                               samples are required           samples are required
                             and for that presents          and for that presents
                                  glucose readings                glucose readings


                                        DreaMed Diabetes, Ltd.
                                       Section 005 | Page 5 of 9

Table 2: Technological Characteristics Comparison
Feature /                 Subject Device                  Predicate Device              Assessment of
Characteristic          DreaMed Advisor Pro         DreaMed Advisor Pro            difference
                           (subject device)              (DEN 170043)
                                every 15 minutes at            every 15 minutes at
                                      least 64 samples), OR             least 64 samples)
                             •   At least 4 BG         Minimum insulin pump data
                             measurements a day    per valid day:
                                   that are separated          •   At least 1 basal rate
                              from each other by a            record
                                      least 160 minutes.          •   At least 1 bolus record
                    Minimum  insulin pump  data   In   addition,   insulin  pump
                         per valid day:                     settings  at  analysis must be
                             •   At least 1 basal rate   within the following acceptable
                                  record                  range:
                             •   At least 1 bolus record       •   Basal rate - Each rate
                             In   addition,   insulin  pump             in the  basal plan  is
                             settings  at  analysis must be           within 0.025-3 u/h
                           within the following acceptable      •   Carbohydrate  ratio  -
                          range:                               Each value in the CR
                             •   Basal rate - Each rate           plan is within 3-70gr/u
                                        in the  basal plan  is      •   Correction  Factor   -
                                   within 0.025-3 u/h             Each value in the CF
                             •   Carbohydrate  ratio  -           plan   is  within  10-
                               Each value in the CR          280gr/u
                                  plan is within 3-70gr/u       •   Bolus        calculator
                             •   Correction  Factor   -            targets  - Equal to or
                               Each value in the CF         below 150 mg/dl
                                  plan   is  within  10-
                                280gr/u
                             •   Bolus        calculator
                                     targets  - Equal to or
                              below 150 mg/dl
Input data                   •   Blood glucose              •   Blood glucose        Same
specifications,                   meters - All                   meters - All
including                        meters with                   meters with
accuracy                           regulatory                       regulatory
requirements for                  approval                       approval
continuous                      (dependent on                 (dependent on
glucose monitors                    location: EU /                     location: EU /
and other devices                US/ Rest of the                US/ Rest of the
generating data                 World [ROW])                World [ROW])
inputs                       •    Insulin pump -              •    Insulin pump -
                                           All insulin                             All insulin
                           pumps with                 pumps with
                                   regulatory                       regulatory
                                  approval                       approval
                               (dependent on                 (dependent on
                                      location: EU /                     location: EU /


                                        DreaMed Diabetes, Ltd.
                                       Section 005 | Page 6 of 9

Table 2: Technological Characteristics Comparison
Feature /                 Subject Device                  Predicate Device              Assessment of
Characteristic          DreaMed Advisor Pro         DreaMed Advisor Pro            difference
                           (subject device)              (DEN 170043)
                              US/ ROW),                   US/ ROW),
                                    including those                   including those
                                 with low                       with low
                                  glucose                         glucose
                               suspend or                    suspend or
                                  predicted low                   predicted low
                                  glucose                         glucose
                               suspend                      suspend
                                     features.                          features.
                             •   Continuous                •   Continuous
                                Glucose                       Glucose
                                  sensors – CGM                  sensors – CGM
                               which has                     which has
                                   received                        received
                                   regulatory                       regulatory
                                  approval from                  approval from
                                      authorities,                        authorities,
                             where as part                where as part
                                    of this approval                  of this approval
                                     safety and                        safety and
                                      efficacy data                       efficacy data
                            was shown to                was shown to
                                       verify accuracy                     verify accuracy
                                    of the CGM                      of the CGM
                              below MARD of               below MARD of
                              15%.                        15%.
Device outputs               •    Insulin therapy             •    Insulin therapy        Same
and insulin                       adjustment                    adjustment
therapy                        recommendati                recommendati
adjustment                     ons include                   ons include
recommendations                  basal rate,                       basal rate,
type                             carbohydrate                   carbohydrate
                                       ratio (CR), and                     ratio (CR), and
                                    correction                       correction
                                     factor (CF);                        factor (CF);
                                 without                        without
                                   considering the                  considering the
                                              full clinical                              full clinical
                                     status of a                        status of a
                                      particular                          particular
                                    patient                          patient
                             •   Personal                   •   Personal
                                  diabetes                        diabetes
                            management                management
                                        tips                                  tips


                                        DreaMed Diabetes, Ltd.
                                       Section 005 | Page 7 of 9

Table 2: Technological Characteristics Comparison
Feature /                 Subject Device                  Predicate Device              Assessment of
Characteristic          DreaMed Advisor Pro         DreaMed Advisor Pro            difference
                           (subject device)              (DEN 170043)
Clinical validity of        The clinical validity of          The clinical validity of         Same
the device                the device output was           the device output was
outputs and              evaluated in a                   evaluated in a
insulin therapy             retrospective study               retrospective study
recommendations         versus experts in the             versus experts in the
                                field of diabetes                     field of diabetes
Means of data            Data is transmitted from        Data is transmitted from       Same
transmission to        DMS to Advisor device        DMS to Advisor device
and from the              using SSL mechanism,            using SSL mechanism,
device, including         JSON data structure.           JSON data structure.
data integrity               Integrity checks,                   Integrity checks,
checks, accuracy          accuracy checks,                accuracy checks,
checks, reliability             reliability checks are                 reliability checks are
checks, and              performed throughout          performed throughout
security measures         the data transmission           the data transmission
                       from the data system, to        from the data system, to
                         the algorithm and from          the algorithm and from
                         the algorithm back to            the algorithm back to
                         the data system                the data system
Usability                The device has a               The device has a             Same
characteristics             graphical user interface           graphical user interface
                       which presents to the           which presents to the
                          healthcare professional          healthcare professional
                         the report of the                the report of the
                            Advisor. The healthcare           Advisor. The healthcare
                           professional can review,          professional can review,
                             edit and share the                 edit and share the
                       recommendations with         recommendations with
                         the patient. The                the patient. The
                          healthcare professional          healthcare professional
                        can review the                 can review the
                            glucose/insulin data              glucose/insulin data
                           that was used to                 that was used to
                         generate the Advisor            generate the Advisor
                        recommendations. The         recommendations. The
                           graphical user interface           graphical user interface
                      was evaluated in HF/UE        was evaluated in HF/UE
                           studies to ensure safety          studies to ensure safety
Means to                    •   Advisor                    •   Advisor             Same
minimize the                    implements                   implements
occurrence of                      protective                       protective
dosing                         measures to                  measures to
recommendation                 ensure the                     ensure the
errors                                    reliability of the                      reliability of the
                                   input data such                  input data such


                                        DreaMed Diabetes, Ltd.
                                       Section 005 | Page 8 of 9

Table 2: Technological Characteristics Comparison
Feature /                 Subject Device                  Predicate Device              Assessment of
Characteristic          DreaMed Advisor Pro         DreaMed Advisor Pro            difference
                           (subject device)              (DEN 170043)
                                  as filtering non-                 as filtering nonphysiological                      physiological
                                  glucose inputs,                  glucose inputs,
                                not considering                 not considering
                                        rises in glucose                     rises in glucose
                               which are                     which are
                                    attributed to                     attributed to
                                        specific                             specific
                                   behavior,                        behavior,
                                    correcting                        correcting
                                     errors in clock                    errors in clock
                                          shift between                        shift between
                                     devices.                          devices.
                             •   Advisor has                •   Advisor has
                                      limitations to                      limitations to
                                 the magnitude                  the magnitude
                                    of the output                     of the output
                                   to ensure                       to ensure
                                     safety                            safety
Use of automated        Not allowed - part of the        Not allowed - part of the       Same
insulin dosing              contraindication                 contraindication
system with the            devices.                          devices.
device
Identification of           Rapid acting U-100              Rapid acting U-100           Same
specific insulin              insulin analogs                     insulin analogs
formulations that
have been
demonstrated to
be compatible
with use of the
device
Principles of            Algorithmic                Algorithmic            Same
Operation             software device           software device


Conclusion

DreaMed Diabetes believes that the changes as described in this 510(k) submission, do not present
additional safety or effectiveness concerns for the DreaMed Advisor Pro, which is a modification of the
legally marketed DreaMed Advisor Pro (DEN170043). This is based upon the testing and validation data
provided in this 510(k) notification. Accordingly, this should be sufficient for the FDA to determine the
DreaMed Advisor Pro to be substantially equivalent to its predicate device because it has the same
intended use and the same fundamental technology.


                                        DreaMed Diabetes, Ltd.
                                       Section 005 | Page 9 of 9