Subtle Medical, Inc.                                              September 16, 2019
℅ Mr. Jared Seehafer
Regulatory Consultant
Enzyme Corporation
360 Langton Street, Suite 100
SAN FRANCISCO CA 94103

Re: K191688
    Trade/Device Name: SubtleMR
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: July 15, 2019
    Received: July 17, 2019

Dear Mr. Seehafer:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

K191688 – Mr. Jared Seehafer                                                           Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Subtle Medical, Inc. 510(k) - SubtleMR:
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K191688
Device Name
SubtleMR
Indications for Use (Describe)
SubtleMR is an image processing software that can be used for image enhancement in MRI images. It can be used to
reduce image noise for head, spine, neck and knee MRI, or increase image sharpness for non-contrast enhanced head
MRI.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
[X] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) C1 over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW."
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Ping Savion O01)0600 EF
Appendix A01 Page 1 of 1

Subtle Medical, Inc.                                                                                        510(k) - SubtleMR

 5  510(k) Summary                                            K191688


  Table 5-1. Subject Device Overview.
   Submitter’s Name:              Subtle Medical, Inc.
                               883 Santa Cruz Ave, Suite 205
   Address:
                             Menlo Park, CA 94025
   Contact Person:                 Jared Seehafer

    Title:                          Regulatory Consultant

   Telephone Number:           415-857-9554

   Fax Number:                 415-367-1279

   Email:                      jared@enzyme.com

   Date Summary Prepared:      24-JUN-2019

   Device Proprietary Name:     SubtleMR

   Model Number:          V 1.0.0

  Common Name:             SubtleMR

   Regulation Number:          21 CFR 892.2050

   Regulation Name:              System, Image Processing, Radiological

   Product Code:             LLZ

   Device Class:                   Class II
                                 Trade name: ZOOM
                                   Manufacturer: Zetta Medical Technologies, LLC.
                               1313 Ensell Road
                               Lake Zurich, IL 60047
                                   Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
   Predicate Device                Regulation Name: System, Image Processing,
                                    Radiological
                                 Device Class: Class II
                                   Product Code: LLZ
                                   510(k) Number: K172768
                                   510(k) Clearance Date: April 24, 2018


Main Text                                                                                 Page 40 of 109

Subtle Medical, Inc.                                                                                        510(k) - SubtleMR

   5.1  Device Description

   SubtleMR is Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) consisting of a software algorithm that
    enhances images taken by MRI scanners. As it only processes images for the end user, the
    device has no user interface. It is intended to be used by radiologists in an imaging center,
     clinic, or hospital. The software can be used with MR images acquired as part of MRI
   exams on 1.2 Tesla, 1.5 Tesla or 3 Tesla scanners. The device’s inputs are standard of care
   MRI images. The outputs are images with enhanced image quality.

   The software uses a convolutional neural network-based algorithm to improve image
    quality by reducing noise or increasing the image sharpness. The algorithm’s specific
    parameters vary depending on the choice of image enhancement: noise reduction or image
    sharpness increase, while the network designs are similar. For each choice, there is a fixed
    set of parameters and the algorithm is working as a fixed nonlinear filter. The choice of
   image enhancement is made by the end user via the DICOM Series Description, command
    line argument, or environment variable.

   5.2  Indications for Use

   SubtleMR is an image processing software that can be used for image enhancement in MRI
   images. It can be used to reduce image noise for head, spine, neck and knee MRI, or
    increase image sharpness for non-contrast enhanced head MRI.

   5.3 Summary of Technological Characteristics Comparison

    Table 5-2 shows the similarities and differences between the technological characteristics
    of the two products. The key difference is software algorithm. Testing demonstrates that
    the differences do not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness.


   Table 5-2. Summary of Technological Characteristics Comparison.
     Topic           Predicate Device                 Subject Device

      Physical        Software package that operates on  Same
      Characteristics   off-the-shelf hardware

     Computer     PC Compatible                  Linux Compatible

    DICOM       The software processes DICOM   Same
     Standard        compliant image data
     Compliance

     Operating      Windows                       Linux
     System

      Modalities     MRI                       Same

     User Interface   The software is designed for use   None – enhanced images are
                   on a radiology workstation.        viewed on existing PACS
                                                         workstations


Main Text                                                                                 Page 41 of 109

Subtle Medical, Inc.                                                                                        510(k) - SubtleMR

     Topic           Predicate Device                 Subject Device
     Image      ZOOM image enhancement       SubtleMR software implements
     Enhancement    software implements a noise       an image enhancement
     Algorithm       reduction algorithm using          algorithm using convolutional
      Description      wavelets and image guided         neural network based filtering.
                            filtering. Original images are        Original images are enhanced
                   decomposed into different         by running through a cascade of
                      wavelet sub bands and noise in       filter banks, where thresholding
                     each band is a soft threshold. De-   and scaling operations are
                      noised images are reconstructed     applied. Separate neural
                    from soft thresholded images       network based filters are
                      using inverse wavelet transform.    obtained for noise reduction
                                                   and sharpness increase. The
                                                        parameters of the filters were
                                                         obtained through an imageguided optimization process.

     Workflow      The software, which is installed    The software operates on
                   on a remote computer, receives   DICOM files on the file system,
               DICOM images from MRI host     enhances the images, and stores
                      computer, automatically            the enhanced images on the file
                       processes the received images and  system. The receipt of original
                      sends the enhanced images to a   DICOM image files and
               PACS server. Enhanced images     delivery of enhanced images as
                          exist in conjunction to the original  DICOM files depends on other
                      images.                           software systems. Enhanced
                                                    images co-exist with the
                                                               original images.


   5.3  Performance Data

    Subtle Medical conducted the following performance testing:
        •  Software verification and validation testing
        •  Study that utilized retrospective clinical data to demonstrate the software
           enhanced image quality in MR images via a reduction of noise or an
            increase of image sharpness.
   The main performance study, utilizing retrospective clinical data, was divided into two
     tests.

    For the noise reduction performance test, acceptance criteria were that signal-to-noise ratio
   (SNR) of a selected region of interest (ROI) in each test dataset is on average improved by
    greater than or equal to 5% after SubtleMR enhancement compared to the original images,


Main Text                                                                                 Page 42 of 109

Subtle Medical, Inc.                                                                                        510(k) - SubtleMR

   and (ii) the visibility of small structures in the test datasets before and after SubtleMR is on
    average less than or equal to 0.5 Likert scale points. This test passed.

    For the sharpness increase performance test, acceptance criteria were that the thickness of
    anatomic structure and the sharpness of structure boundaries are improved after SubtleMR
   enhancement in at least 90% of the test datasets. This test passed.

   Based upon the results of this testing, the SubtleMR performance was determined to be
    substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

   5.4  Substantial Equivalence Conclusion

   SubtleMR is an image enhancement software which has similar intended use and
    indications for use statement as the predicate device. The two devices have similar
    technological characteristics: both algorithms use image based nonlinear filtering and
    reconstruction, and both methods have optimized parameters to ensure robustness of the
    algorithm. This 510(k) submission includes information on the SubtleMR technological
    characteristics, as well as performance data and verification and validation activities
    demonstrating that SubtleMR is as safe and effective as the predicate, and does not raise
    different questions of safety and effectiveness.


Main Text                                                                                 Page 43 of 109