Behold.AI Technologies Limited                                     February 28, 2020
℅ John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.
Regulatory Counsel
Hogan Lovells US LPP
555 13th Street, NW
WASHINGTON DC 20004

Re: K191556
    Trade/Device Name: red dot™ Device
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QFM
    Dated: January 29, 2020
    Received: January 29, 2020

Dear Dr. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K191556 - John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.                                                      Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                       Food and Drug Administration                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                 Indications for Use                      See PRA Statement below

510(k) Number (if known)

K191556
Device Name

red dot™ device

Indications for Use

The red dot™ software platform is a software workflow tool designed to aid the clinical assessment of adult Chest XRay cases with features suggestive of Pneumothorax in the medical care environment. red dot™ analyzes cases
using an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify suspected findings. It makes case-level output available to a
PACS/workstation for worklist prioritization or triage. red dot™ is not intended to direct attention to specific portions
of an image or to anomalies other than Pneumothorax. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone
basis for clinical decision-making nor is it intended to rule out Pneumothorax or otherwise preclude clinical
assessment of X-Ray cases.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
       ☒ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)    ☐ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including
          the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and
         complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
          other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human
                                           Services Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                             Page 1 of 1                                           PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

                                              1
                                                                                              052

behold.ai – 510(k) Summary
Behold.ai red dot™
                                    510(k) SUMMARY

                      Behold.ai Technologies Limited’s red dot™

                                  K191556


Submitter

       Behold.ai Technologies Limited
       91-97 Bohemia Road,
        St. Leonards-On-Sea,
       United Kingdom,
      TN37 6RJ
       Phone: (+44) 7734 048778

       Contact Person: Simon Rasalingham

       Date Prepared: January 29, 2020

Name of Device: Behold.ai red dot™ Device
Classification Name: Radiological Computer-Assisted Prioritization Software for Lesions
Regulatory Class: Class II (Radiology)
Product Code: QFM

Predicate Device

The red dot™ device is substantially equivalent to the following device:

Manufacturer Name     Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.
Devices Trade Name    HealthPNX
510(k) Number         K190362

A. Device Description

Behold.ai red dot™ is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software system.
The software automatically analyzes PA/AP chest x-rays and alerts the PACS/RIS workstation
once images with features suggestive of pneumothorax are identified.

Through the use of the red dot™ device, a radiologist is able to review studies with features
suggestive of pneumothorax earlier than in standard of care workflow.

In summary, the red dot™ device provides a passive notification through the PACS/workstation
to  the  radiologists  indicating  the  existence  of a case  that may  potentially  benefit from
prioritization. It doesn't output an image and therefore it does not mark, highlight, or direct users’
attention to a specific location on the original chest X ray.


Information Classification: BEHOLD.AI PUBLIC                                         Document Version 2.1

Information within this document must not be disclosed unless with prior written consent.


© behold.ai Technologies Limited 2020, www.behold.ai, Company Number: 10903206
Registered Address: 91‐97 Bohemia Road, St. Leonards‐On‐Sea, United Kingdom, TN37 6RJ                   Page 1 of 6                                                                                     044

behold.ai – 510(k) Summary
Behold.ai red dot™
The device aim is to aid in prioritization and triage of radiological medical images only.

B. Technical Components

The main components of the red dot™ device are described below.


        1. Image input, validation and anonymization
        After a chest x-ray has been performed, a copy of the study is received and processed by
       the red dot™ device. Following receipt of a study, the validation feature ensures the
      image  is valid  (i.e. has readable pixels) and the anonymization feature removes or
      anonymizes Personally  Identifiable Information  (PII) such as Patient Name, Patient
        Birthdate, and Patient Address.


        2. red dot™ Image Analysis Algorithm
       This component of the device is primarily comprised of the visual recognition algorithm
        that is responsible for detecting images with potential abnormalities. Once a study has
      been validated, the algorithm analyzes the frontal chest x-ray for detection of suspected
        findings suggestive of pneumothorax.


        3. PACS Integration Feature
      The results of a successful study analysis is provided to an integration engine in a
       standard JSON message containing sufficient information to allow the integration engine
        to notify the PACS/workstation for prioritization through the worklist interface.

C. Intended Use / Indications for Use

The red dot™ software platform  is a software workflow  tool designed  to aid the  clinical
assessment of adult Chest X-Ray cases with features suggestive of Pneumothorax in the
medical care environment. red dot™ analyzes cases using an artificial intelligence algorithm to
identify suspected findings.  It makes case-level output available to a PACS/workstation for
worklist prioritization or triage. red dot™ is not intended to direct attention to specific portions of
an image or to anomalies other than Pneumothorax. Its results are not intended to be used on a
stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making nor is  it intended to rule out Pneumothorax or
otherwise preclude clinical assessment of X-Ray cases.

D. Summary of Technological Characteristics

Behold.ai red-dot™ tool uses Artificial Intelligence (AI) and pattern recognition technology to
analyze chest X-rays. The Behold.ai red-dot™  tool  notifies a  clinician of the presence of
Pneumothorax in a radiological image. The technological characteristics of the red dot™ device
and the HealthPNX predicate are compared below:


Information Classification: BEHOLD.AI PUBLIC                                         Document Version 2.1

Information within this document must not be disclosed unless with prior written consent.


© behold.ai Technologies Limited 2020, www.behold.ai, Company Number: 10903206
Registered Address: 91‐97 Bohemia Road, St. Leonards‐On‐Sea, United Kingdom, TN37 6RJ                   Page 2 of 6                                                                                     045

behold.ai – 510(k) Summary
Behold.ai red dot™

                   Subject Device:               Predicate Device:                       If different,
Technological
                    Behold.ai red dot™           Zebra HealthPNX             Impact on Safety
Characteristics
                                           K190362                   and or Efficacy

                 The red dot™ software platform  The Zebra Pneumothorax device
                           is a software workflow tool         is a software workflow tool
                   designed to aid the clinical      designed to aid the clinical
                  assessment of adult Chest X-Ray assessment of adult Chest X-Ray
                   cases with features suggestive of cases with features suggestive of
                  Pneumothorax in the medical    Pneumothorax in the medical care
                    care environment. red dot™     environment. HealthPNX
                    analyzes cases using an artificial analyzes cases using an artificial
                        intelligence algorithm to identify   intelligence algorithm to identify
                   suspected findings. It makes     suspected findings. It makes
                      case-level output available to a   case-level output available to a
Indication for use   PACS/workstation for worklist    PACS/workstation for worklist   Same
                          prioritization or triage. red dot™   prioritization or triage. HealthPNX
                           is not intended to direct attention  is not intended to direct attention
                        to specific portions of an image   to specific portions of an image or
                      or to anomalies other than        to anomalies other than
                   Pneumothorax. Its results are not Pneumothorax. Its results are not
                     intended to be used on a stand-  intended to be used on a standalone basis for clinical decision-  alone basis for clinical decisionmaking nor is it intended to rule  making nor is it intended to rule
                     out Pneumothorax or otherwise  out Pneumothorax or otherwise
                     preclude clinical assessment of  preclude clinical assessment of XX-Ray cases.               Ray cases
Notification-only,
parallel workflow   Yes                       Yes                     Same
tool

                      Hospital networks and trained    Hospital networks and trained
Intended user                                                   Same
                        clinicians                           clinicians

Radiological images
               DICOM                  DICOM                  Same
format

Identify patients
with a pre-specified Yes                       Yes                     Same
clinical condition

Clinical condition   Pneumothorax                Pneumothorax             Same


                    Passive notification flagged for   Passive notification flagged for
Alert to finding                                                   Same
                    review                         review


Information Classification: BEHOLD.AI PUBLIC                                         Document Version 2.1

Information within this document must not be disclosed unless with prior written consent.


© behold.ai Technologies Limited 2020, www.behold.ai, Company Number: 10903206
Registered Address: 91‐97 Bohemia Road, St. Leonards‐On‐Sea, United Kingdom, TN37 6RJ                   Page 3 of 6                                                                                     046

behold.ai – 510(k) Summary
Behold.ai red dot™

                   Subject Device:               Predicate Device:                       If different,
Technological
                    Behold.ai red dot™           Zebra HealthPNX             Impact on Safety
Characteristics
                                           K190362                   and or Efficacy

Independent of
                    Yes; No cases are removed from Yes; No cases are removed from
standard of care                                                  Same
                        worklist                            worklist
workflow
Modality          X-Ray                      X-Ray                   Same
Body Part          Chest                        Chest                    Same
Artificial
Intelligence        Yes                       Yes                     Same
algorithm
Limited to analysis
                 Yes                       Yes                     Same
of imaging data
Aids prompt
identification of                              Yes
                 Yes                                            Same
cases with indicated
findings

Where results are                                                  No significant
              PACS / RIS / EPR / Workstation PACS / Workstation
received                                                                                  difference


E. Performance Data

A multi-center IRB approved HIPAA compliant retrospective anonymized study of adult patient
CXR images was performed. CXR images  positive and negative  for pneumothorax were
collected consecutively based on the inclusion and exclusion criteria as per protocol.

The final standalone dataset was composed of 888 CXR images from 2 clinical sites from the
United States (n=738) and 2 clinical sites from the United Kingdom (n=150). The final standalone
dataset included pneumothorax positive (n=299) and negative cases (n=589). Both groups
contained confounding imaging features.

Each CXR image was reviewed by at least two ABR certified radiologists (readers). The readers
received training related to imaging findings defining each condition per protocol prior to the
review.  All films were stripped of all identifiers and clinical information. Readers were blinded to
each other's reads and to the red dot™ software output. The ground truth was determined by two
readers with a third reader in the event of disagreement/discrepancy. Ground truth for a condition
was defined as agreement between two readers. The breakdown for the final ground truthed
standalone dataset for each site was the following:


Information Classification: BEHOLD.AI PUBLIC                                         Document Version 2.1

Information within this document must not be disclosed unless with prior written consent.


© behold.ai Technologies Limited 2020, www.behold.ai, Company Number: 10903206
Registered Address: 91‐97 Bohemia Road, St. Leonards‐On‐Sea, United Kingdom, TN37 6RJ                   Page 4 of 6                                                                                     047

behold.ai – 510(k) Summary
Behold.ai red dot™

                        Total
                                     Site 1      Site 2      Site 3      Site 4
  Disease Class    Number
                            Cases     Cases    Cases    Cases
                      of Cases
PNX, Non-normal
                        888         419         319         77          73
Control, Normal Control

PNX                     299         177         95          14          13

Non-normal Control         167         50          50          36          31

Normal Control            422         192         174         27          29


The AUROC, accuracy, sensitivity and specificity for the detection of pneumothorax, along with
the associated 95% confidence intervals are presented below. As shown, the AUROC is above
0.95 and all lower bounds of the 95% confidence intervals exceeded 80% and achieved the prespecified performance goals in the study.

   Pneumothorax (N=888)

      AUROC: 0.975 with 95% confidence intervals [0.966 - 0.984]
       Accuracy: 90.20% (801/888) with 95% confidence interval: [88.06 – 92.08]
       Sensitivity: 94.65% (283/299) with 95% confidence interval: [91.46 – 96.91]
      Specificity: 87.95% (518/589) with 95% confidence interval: [85.04 – 90.46]

Additional Endpoints and Analysis

Clinical data regarding the time saving benefit resulting from use of the device as compared to
the standard of care is provided.


    Definitions
         Processing time: the time taken to process the x-ray image and issue a red dot™
             result
          Notification  transit  time:  the  time  taken  for  the  notification  to  reach  the
         PACS/RIS/EPR worklist after being issued by the red dot™ device
         red dot™ performance time: this is equal to the sum of the processing time and
           the notification transit time

As described in the definitions  list above, the red-dot™ processing time includes the time to
receive the DICOM image, upload it to the model inference server, analyze the image and issue
the result (PNX notification or no PNX notification) to be sent to the hospital system (RIS or
PACS Worklist).

The following table summarizes the red-dot™ processing time in seconds for 888 unique X-rays
in the aggregate data.


Information Classification: BEHOLD.AI PUBLIC                                         Document Version 2.1

Information within this document must not be disclosed unless with prior written consent.


© behold.ai Technologies Limited 2020, www.behold.ai, Company Number: 10903206
Registered Address: 91‐97 Bohemia Road, St. Leonards‐On‐Sea, United Kingdom, TN37 6RJ                   Page 5 of 6                                                                                     048

behold.ai – 510(k) Summary
Behold.ai red dot™

                                 888 Cases

                                95% Lower     95% Upper
Processing                   Standard
               Mean                    Confidence       Confidence     Median
Time (seconds)               Dev
                                                       Limit               Limit
red-dot™
                   13.8        10.9            13.0             14.5           8.56
processing time

The notification transit time is the time taken for the red dot™ notification to travel from the red
dot™ device to the point at which the result is displayed in the destination RIS or PACS Worklist.
Using data (N=300) established from 3 live customer sites in the UK (100 cases sampled from 3
sites), the average notification transit time in a typical scenario is 15.5 seconds.

When summing  the processing  time  to  the  notification  transit  time,  the  total red dot™
performance time is calculated as 29.3 seconds. This is a timing performance that is substantially
equivalent to the Zebra predicate device (K190362, 22.1 seconds).  Furthermore, the predicate
demonstrated the benefit of triage compared to the standard of care for pneumothorax, meeting
the QFM product code requirements.

The red dot™ software device reaching equivalent classification performance (> 0.95 AUC) as
well as timing performance to the Zebra predicate device supports that the red dot™ software
device can provide equivalent benefit for effective triage as demonstrated by the Zebra predicate
device time savings study.

F. Conclusion

Behold.ai red dot™ is as safe and effective as the HealthPNX predicate device. The red dot™
device and the HealthPNX predicate device are both software-only devices intended to aid in
triage of radiological images, independent of standard of care workflow. The labeling of both
devices are limited to the categorization of exams and are not to be used in-lieu of full patient
evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm diagnosis.

The subject and predicate devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the
sense that they do not change the original image, do not provide any marking, and do not
remove cases from the standard of care. The minor differences between the subject device and
the predicate raise no new issues of safety or effectiveness. In addition, performance testing
demonstrates that the red dot™ performs as intended. The red dot™ device  is therefore
substantially equivalent to the HealthPNX predicate.


Information Classification: BEHOLD.AI PUBLIC                                         Document Version 2.1

Information within this document must not be disclosed unless with prior written consent.


© behold.ai Technologies Limited 2020, www.behold.ai, Company Number: 10903206
Registered Address: 91‐97 Bohemia Road, St. Leonards‐On‐Sea, United Kingdom, TN37 6RJ                   Page 6 of 6                                                                                     049