iCAD, Inc.                                                        October 4, 2019
℅ Ms. Heather Reed
Vice President, Quality Assurance
 and Regulatory Affairs
98 Spit Brook Road, Suite 100
NASHUA NH 03062

Re: K191994
    Trade/Device Name: ProFound™ AI Software V2.1
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2090
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer assisted detection and diagnosis software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QDQ
    Dated: July 24, 2019
    Received: July 26, 2019

Dear Ms. Reed:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K191994 – Ms. Heather Reed                                                           Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).


                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K191994

Device Name
ProFound™ AI Software V2.1


Indications for Use (Describe)
ProFound™ AI V2.1 Software is a computer-assisted detection and diagnosis (CAD) software device
intended to be used concurrently by interpreting physicians while reading digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT) exams from
compatible DBT systems. The system detects soft tissue densities (masses, architectural distortions and asymmetries) and
calcifications in the 3D DBT slices. The detections and Certainty of Finding and Case Scores assist interpreting
physicians in identifying soft tissue densities and calcifications that may be confirmed or dismissed by the interpreting
physician .


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K191994510k Summary

Date Prepared: September 25, 2019

Submitter:
iCAD, Inc.
98 Spit Brook Road
Suite 100
Nashua, NH 03062

Contact Person:
Heather Reed
Vice President, Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs
Email: hreed@icadmed.com
Phone: (603) 309-1945
Fax: (603) 880-3043

Device Name:
Trade Name:        ProFoundTM AI Software V2.1
Common Name:     Medical Imaging Software
Classification:        Radiological Computer Assisted Detection and Diagnosis Software
Product Code:     QDQ
Regulation Number:  21 CFR 892.2090
Review Panel:

Predicate Device:
510k Number:      K182373
Manufacturer:      iCAD, Inc.
Device Name:      ProFound™ AI V2 (PowerLook® Tomo Detection V2 Software

Device Description
ProFound AI V2.1 detects malignant soft-tissue densities and calcifications in digital breast
tomosynthesis (DBT) images. ProFound AI V2.1 has the same performance with the DBT
systems cleared for use with ProFound AI V2; furthermore, it provides support for additional
DBT systems. The ProFound AI V.2.1 Software allows a radiologist to quickly identify
suspicious soft tissue densities (masses, architectural distortions and asymmetries) and
calcifications by marking the detected areas in the tomosynthesis images. When the
ProFound AI V2.1 marks are displayed, the marks will appear as overlays on the 3D
tomosynthesis images. For 3D tomosynthesis cases and depending on the functionality

offered by the viewing/reading application, the ProFound AI V2.1 marks may also serve as a
navigation tool for users because each mark can be linked to the tomosynthesis slice where
the detection was identified. Each detected region is also assigned a “score” that corresponds
to the ProFound AI V2.1 algorithm’s confidence that the detected region is malignant
(certainty of finding). Each case is also assigned a case score that corresponds to the
ProFound AI V2.1 algorithm’s confidence that a case is malignant. The certainty of finding
scores are represented as an integer in range of 0 to 100 to indicate the CAD confidence that
the detected region or case is malignant. The higher the certainty of finding or case score,
the more likely the detected region or case is to be malignant.

Technical Characteristics:
Lesion Detection
ProFound AI 2.1 Software detects soft tissue densities (masses, architectural distortions and
asymmetries) and calcifications in the 3D digital breast tomosynthesis or images. The
ProFound AI 2.1 algorithm uses deep learning technology to process feature computations
and uses pattern recognition to identify suspicious breast lesions appearing as soft tissue
densities or clusters of calcifications. Each detected region is identified or represented by
marking the contour of the lesion in the 3D tomosynthesis slice or 2D digital mammography
image where it was detected.


Certainty of Finding and Case Scores
Certainty of Finding scores are relative scores assigned to each detected region and a Case
Score is assigned to each case regardless of the number of detected regions.  Certainty of
Finding and Case Scores are computed by the ProFound AI 2.1 algorithm and represent the
algorithm’s confidence that a specific finding or case is malignant. The scores are
represented on a 0% to 100% scale. Higher scores represent a higher algorithm confidence
that a finding or case is malignant. Lower scores represent a lower algorithm confidence that
a finding or case is malignant. The scores are based on a population with 50% prevalence of
cancer and should be interpreted as the probability of the finding or case correctly being
identified as malignant in a population of 50% cancers and 50% non-cancers. The scores
serve as a guide to interpreting physicians to aid in determining if a suspicious finding or
case needs further work-up. These scores are not intended to be the clinically used
“probability of malignancy”. Certainty of Finding and Case Scores are not calibrated to the
prevalence in the intended use population or to the prevalence in the pivotal reader study
outlined in the Assessment of Clinical Performance Data section, and consequently, the
Certainty of Finding and Case Scores are in general higher than the actual probability of
malignancy in an intended use population with less than 50% prevalence. These scores


98 Spit Brook Road, Suite 100   Nashua, NH 03062 USA

+1 866 280 2239 toll free  +1 603 882 5200 phone  +1 603 880 3843 fax

www.icadmed.com

represent a relative level of concern or level of suspicion because they do not represent an
absolute clinical probability of malignancy.
Supported Digital Breast Tomosynthesis Systems
The following Digital Breast Tomosynthesis systems have been tested and are compatible
with the ProFound AI 2.1 software:
Supported 3D digital breast tomosynthesis systems:
    •  Hologic Selenia Dimensions
    •  GE Senographe SenoClaire
    •  GE Senographe Pristina
    •  Siemens Mammomat Inspiration
    •  Siemens Mammomat Revelation


Intended Use / “Indications for Use”
ProFound™ AI V2.1 is a computer-assisted detection and diagnosis (CAD) software device
intended to be used concurrently by radiologists while reading digital breast tomosynthesis
(DBT) exams from compatible DBT systems. The system detects soft tissue densities
(masses, architectural distortions and asymmetries) and calcifications in the 3D DBT slices.
The detections and Certainty of Finding and Case Scores assist interpreting physicians in
identifying soft tissue densities and calcifications that may be confirmed or dismissed by the
interpreting physician.


Comparison with Predicate Device


                  UNMODIFIED Device       MODIFIED Device
                    ProFound™ AI V2           ProFound™ AI V2.1
                     (PowerLook® Tomo Detection
                   V2 Software)
Manufacturer          iCAD, Inc.                   iCAD, Inc.
Classification Name       Radiological Computer Assisted   Radiological Computer Assisted
                           Detection and Diagnosis           Detection and Diagnosis
                          Software                        Software


98 Spit Brook Road, Suite 100   Nashua, NH 03062 USA

+1 866 280 2239 toll free  +1 603 882 5200 phone  +1 603 880 3843 fax

www.icadmed.com

UNMODIFIED Device       MODIFIED Device
                    ProFound™ AI V2           ProFound™ AI V2.1
                     (PowerLook® Tomo Detection
                   V2 Software)
Regulation Number      21 CFR 892.2090               21 CFR 892.2090
Product Code        QDQ                 QDQ
510(k) #               K182373                       Pending
Intended Use /          ProFound™ AI V2            ProFound™ AI V2.1 is a
Indication for Use       (PowerLook® Tomo Detection    computer-assisted detection and
                      V2) is a computer-assisted         diagnosis (CAD) software device
                            detection and diagnosis (CAD)     intended to be used concurrently
                           software device intended to be    by interpreting physicians while
                         used concurrently by interpreting   reading digital breast
                            physicians while reading digital    tomosynthesis (DBT) exams
                             breast tomosynthesis (DBT)      from compatible DBT systems.
                       exams from compatible DBT     The system detects soft tissue
                           systems. The system detects soft    densities (masses, architectural
                              tissue densities (masses,            distortions and asymmetries) and
                              architectural distortions and         calcifications in the 3D DBT
                          asymmetries) and calcifications     slices. The detections and
                              in the 3D DBT slices. The         Certainty of Finding and Case
                             detections and Certainty of        Scores assist interpreting
                          Finding and Case Scores assist     physicians in identifying soft
                              interpreting physicians in           tissue densities and calcifications
                             identifying soft tissue densities     that may be confirmed or
                        and calcifications that may be      dismissed by the interpreting
                         confirmed or dismissed by the      Physician.
                              interpreting Physician.
End User                  Radiologists                       Radiologists
Patient Population       Symptomatic and asymptomatic   Symptomatic and asymptomatic
                    women                   women
                         undergoing mammography.       undergoing mammography.


98 Spit Brook Road, Suite 100   Nashua, NH 03062 USA

+1 866 280 2239 toll free  +1 603 882 5200 phone  +1 603 880 3843 fax

www.icadmed.com

UNMODIFIED Device       MODIFIED Device
                    ProFound™ AI V2           ProFound™ AI V2.1
                     (PowerLook® Tomo Detection
                   V2 Software)
Mode of Action          Image processing device         Image processing device
                           intended to aid in the detection,    intended to aid in the detection,
                               localization, and characterization   localization, and characterization
                            of soft tissue densities (masses,     of soft tissue densities (masses,
                              architectural distortions             architectural distortions
                        and asymmetries) and            and asymmetries) and
                              calcifications in the 3D DBT        calcifications in the 3D DBT
                                 slices.                                  slices.
Image Source              Digital breast tomosynthesis        Digital breast tomosynthesis
Modalities                   slices                                 slices
Output Device            Softcopy Workstation            Softcopy Workstation
Deployment              Standalone computer             Standalone computer
Supported Digital        ProFound AI V2 Software:        Profound AI V2 Software:
Breast Tomosynthesis    •  Hologic Selenia Dimensions   •  Hologic Selenia Dimensions
Systems                 •  Ge Senographe SenoClaire     •  Ge Senographe SenoClaire
                         •  GE Senographe Pristina       •  GE Senographe Pristina
                                                     ProFound AI V2.1 Software:
                                                        •  Siemens Mammomat
                                                                      Inspiration
                                                        •  Siemens Mammomat
                                                                Revelation

Summary of Indications for Use:
The “Indications for Use” remain unchanged from the Predicate UNMODIFIED Device
ProFound™ AI V2 (PowerLook® Tomo Detection V2 Software).

Summary of Technological Characteristic
The technological characteristics of Modified Device, ProFound AI V2.1 remain unchanged
from Unmodified Device ProFound™ AI V2 (PowerLook® Tomo Detection V2 Software) as
the predicate. Per 21 CFR 892.2090, both devices are radiological computer assisted
detection and diagnostic software intended to aid in the detection, localization, and
characterization of disease specific findings on acquired medical images. The outputs of both


98 Spit Brook Road, Suite 100   Nashua, NH 03062 USA

+1 866 280 2239 toll free  +1 603 882 5200 phone  +1 603 880 3843 fax

www.icadmed.com

devices serve as a secondary or concurrent read and not a primary read. The output is used to
inform the clinical user (who themselves make the primary diagnostic and patient
management decisions) and will not replace the clinical expertise and judgment of the
clinical user.

General Safety and Effectiveness Concerns
The device labeling contains instructions for use and any necessary cautions and warnings to
provide for safe and effective use of this device. Risk management is ensured via a risk
analysis which is used to identify and mitigate potential hazards. Any potential hazards are
controlled via software development, verification and validation testing. In addition, general
controls of the FD&C Act, and special controls established for Radiological Computer
Assisted Detection and Diagnosis Software are in place to further mitigate any safety and or
effectiveness risks.

Assessment of Non-Clinical Performance Data
ProFound AI V2.1 has been verified and validated according to iCAD’s design
control processes. All supporting documentation has been included in this 510(k) Premarket
Notification. Verification activity included unit, integration, and regression testing was
performed. Validation testing included System testing was performed according to
Standalone Hologic Comparison Protocol 0074-5007A, which is the same protocol used to
support the 510(k) clearance of the original ProFound AI V2 device. Lastly, ProFound AI
V2.1 is deployed on a DICOM platform that has been successfully tested for clinical network
integration.

Standalone Performance:
ProFound AI for DBT V2.1 Siemens Standard Screening Population Dataset
The ProFound AI for DBT V2.1 Siemens Standard Screening Population Standalone Study
was executed to determine the performance of ProFound AI for DBT V2.1 with Siemens
Standard Reconstruction DBT images for comparison with the baseline performance of
ProFound AI for DBT V2.0 with Hologic DBT images. Standalone testing was performed on
tomosynthesis slices only. Sensitivity was measured on Cancer cases with at least 2 views
per breast. Specificity and FP rates were measured on bilateral 2-view Non-Cancer cases (2
standard views for the left breast and 2 standard views for the right breast). Sensitivity,
Specificity, and false positive rate per tomosynthesis image volume were measured at the
operating point. The standalone data set consisted of a total of 694 Siemens Standard
Reconstruction cases (238 cancer, 456 non-cancer) and were used to run the tests. A stratified
bootstrap procedure was used to estimate performance over a screening patient population.
The bootstrap procedure limits the number of cases in a particular category when computing
performance measures. The purpose of the standalone study was to assess the standalone


98 Spit Brook Road, Suite 100   Nashua, NH 03062 USA

+1 866 280 2239 toll free  +1 603 882 5200 phone  +1 603 880 3843 fax

www.icadmed.com

performance of ProFound AI for DBT V2.1 with Siemens Standard Reconstruction DBT on a
screening population.

Results from the standalone study showed that Case-Level Sensitivity, Lesion-Level
Sensitivity, FP Rate in Non-Cancer Cases, and Specificity met design specifications. The
detailed results are in the User Manual.

ProFound AI for DBT V2.1 Siemens Empire Screening Population Dataset
The ProFound AI for DBT V2.1 Siemens Empire Screening Population Standalone Study
was executed to determine the performance of ProFound AI for DBT V2.1 with Siemens
Empire Reconstruction DBT images for comparison with the baseline performance of
ProFound AI for DBT V2.0 with Hologic DBT images. Standalone testing was performed on
tomosynthesis slices only. Sensitivity was measured on Cancer cases with at least 2 views
per breast. Specificity and FP rates were measured on bilateral 2-view Non-Cancer cases (2
standard views for the left breast and 2 standard views for the right breast). Sensitivity,
Specificity, and false positive rate per tomosynthesis image volume were measured at the
operating point. The standalone data set consisted of a total of 322 Siemens Empire
Reconstruction cases (140 cancer, 182 non-cancer) and were used to run the tests. A stratified
bootstrap procedure was used to estimate performance over a screening patient population.
The bootstrap procedure limits the number of cases in a particular category when computing
performance measures. The purpose of the standalone study was to assess the standalone
performance of ProFound AI for DBT V2.1 with Siemens Empire Reconstruction DBT on a
screening population.

Results from the standalone study showed that Case-Level Sensitivity, Lesion-Level
Sensitivity, FP Rate in Non-Cancer Cases, and Specificity met design specifications. The
detailed results are in the User Manual.

Standalone Hologic Comparison Test Results:
ProFound AI for DBT V2.1 with Siemens Standard Reconstruction DBT
A comparison was made of the standalone performance of ProFound AI for DBT V2.0 with
Hologic DBT images to the performance of ProFound AI for DBT V2.1 with Siemens
Standard Reconstruction DBT images. For this comparison, the performance on Hologic is
considered the control group and performance on Siemens Standard is the test group. The test
 is to determine if the difference between the control group and the test group is within the
margin of non-inferiority for Sensitivity and AUC, and FPPI.

Standalone testing was performed for the control group and the test group individually. Key
performance measures were then compared by subtracting the test group performance from


98 Spit Brook Road, Suite 100   Nashua, NH 03062 USA

+1 866 280 2239 toll free  +1 603 882 5200 phone  +1 603 880 3843 fax

www.icadmed.com

the control group performance. This was done in a way to produce not just an estimate of the
mean difference but also a distribution of the expected differences. In order to show
 statistical significance, the two-sided 95% confidence interval boundaries must be within the
margin of non-inferiority.

Three measures were used to compare the performance of ProFound AI for DBT V2.1 with
Siemens Standard Reconstruction DBT images to ProFound AI for DBT V2.0 with Hologic
DBT. Each of the three measures produced differences that were within the margin of noninferiority. Therefore, in the areas of Sensitivity, FPPI, and AUC, ProFound AI for DBT
V2.1 with Siemens Standard Reconstruction DBT system is not inferior to ProFound AI for
DBT V2.0 with Hologic DBT system.

ProFound AI for DBT V2.1 with Siemens Empire Reconstruction DBT
A comparison was made of the standalone performance of ProFound AI for DBT V2.0 with
Hologic DBT images to the performance of ProFound AI for DBT V2.1 with Siemens
Empire Reconstruction DBT images. For this comparison, the performance on Hologic is
considered the control group and performance on Siemens Empire is the test group. The test
 is to determine if the difference between the control group and the test group is within the
margin of non-inferiority for Sensitivity and AUC, and FPPI.

Standalone testing was performed for the control group and the test group individually. Key
performance measures were then compared by subtracting the test group performance from
the control group performance. This was done in a way to produce not just an estimate of the
mean difference but also a distribution of the expected differences. In order to show
 statistical significance, the two-sided 95% confidence interval boundaries must be within the
margin of non-inferiority.

Three measures were used to compare the performance of ProFound AI for DBT V2.1 with
Siemens Empire Reconstruction DBT images to ProFound AI for DBT V2.0 with Hologic
DBT. Each of the three measures produced differences that were within the margin of noninferiority. Therefore, in the areas of Sensitivity, FPPI, and AUC, ProFound AI for DBT
V2.1 with Siemens Empire Reconstruction DBT system is not inferior to ProFound AI for
DBT V2.0 with Hologic DBT system.

Conclusion:
Based upon the information presented in this submission, it is concluded that ProFound AI
V2.1 is substantially equivalent to the named predicate device.


98 Spit Brook Road, Suite 100   Nashua, NH 03062 USA

+1 866 280 2239 toll free  +1 603 882 5200 phone  +1 603 880 3843 fax

www.icadmed.com