Ultromics Ltd.                                              November 13, 2019
℅ Ms. Melissa Clark
Head of Regulatory
Stansfeld Park, Quarry Road
Oxford Oxfordshire OX3 8SB
ENGLAND

Re: K191171
    Trade/Device Name: EchoGo Core
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: October 16, 2019
    Received: October 18, 2019

Dear Ms. Clark:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K191171 – Ms. Melissa Clark                                                           Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K191171

Device Name
EchoGo Core


Indications for Use (Describe)
EchoGo Core is intended to be used for quantification and reporting of results of cardiovascular function to support
physician diagnosis. EchoGo Core is indicated for use in adult populations.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) SUMMARY
                                   Ultromics Ltd.                     K191171
                             EchoGo Core
1.  Submitter
Company & Address:       Ultromics Ltd.
                             Stansfeld Park
                         Quarry Road
                   OX3 8SB
                 UK
Contact Person:             Melissa Clark
Phone:                  +44 7557 650 514
Date Prepared:             October 16, 2019

2.  Device
Name of Device:         EchoGo Core
Common or Usual Name:   Automated Radiological Image Processing System
Classification Name:         Picture archiving and communications system
Regulatory Class:               II
Product Code:           QIH

3.  Predicate Devices
                   510(k) Device                           Device Name            Manufacturer               Number
                                                 TomTec Imaging Systems, Predicate Device   K150122      TomTec Arena TTA2                                         GmbH
                          EchoMD Automated
 Reference Device  K173780         Ejection Fraction         Bay Labs, Inc.
                                   Software
Neither the predicate nor reference device has been subject to a design-related recall.

4.  Device Description
EchoGo Core is a standalone software application that automatically measures standard cardiac
parameters including Ejection Fraction (EF), Global Longitudinal Strain (GLS), and Left
Ventricular (LV) volume. EchoGo Core provides a service to calculate those values and provide
a report back to the clinician.
EchoGo Core analyzes echocardiogram cardiac parameters. An echocardiogram is performed
using standard echocardiograms protocols. The anonymized echocardiogram dataset is transferred
to Ultromics and once received the images are processed through the application’s workflow.


                                    K191171, Page 1 of 5

Once the technical QC has been performed, the automated contour detection of the endocardium
of the LV is reviewed and approved by trained operators. Identifying and outlining the LV is
standard practice in echocardiography and present in many other cleared devices, including the
predicate device TomTec Arena TTA2 (K150122).  In the proposed device, an auto-contouring
algorithm places points around the LV that sufficiently capture the LV shape. These contours are
used in calculations for geometric parameters.
As with the TomTec Arena TTA2, the following parameters are calculated for inclusion in the
report:
   •  EF: calculated from Simpson’s Biplane Method (SBM) LV Volumes
   •  GLSAVG: standard calculations, averaged from 2 chamber and 4 chamber views
   •  LV volume: SBM calculated left ventricular volumes
A worksheet is automatically generated from the calculated parameters which is returned to the
interpreting clinician. This report is intended as an additional input to standard diagnostic pathways
and is only to be used by qualified clinicians.

5.  Indications for Use
EchoGo Core is intended to be used for quantification and reporting of results of cardiovascular
function to support physician diagnosis. EchoGo Core is indicated for use in adult populations.
The Indications for Use statement for the EchoGo Core is virtually identical to the predicate device.
Minor differences between the subject and predicate indications for use do not alter the intended
use of the device nor do they affect the safety and effectiveness of the device relative to the
predicate. Both the subject and predicate devices are indicated for use in quantification and
reporting of cardiovascular function to support the physician’s diagnosis; the only difference is
that the predicate device is also used in quantification and reporting of fetal and abdominal
function.
The EchoGo Core and the predicate are identical with regard to intended use; specifically,
quantification of cardiovascular function from an echocardiogram.

6. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device
Quantification and reporting of results of cardiovascular function is the technological principle for
both the subject and predicate devices, specifically EF, GLS, and LV volume. The results of
quantification of cardiovascular function are used as an aid to diagnosis. At a high level, the
subject and predicate devices are based on the following same technological elements:
   •   Quantification of cardiovascular function based on the analysis of echocardiogram data
   •   Identifying and outlining the LV
   •  Auto-contouring of the LV
   •  Reporting of EF using Simpson’s biplane method (SBM)


                                    K191171, Page 2 of 5

•  Reporting of GLS using standard calculations
   •  Reporting of LV volumes using SBM
The following technological differences exist between the subject and predicate devices:
   •  EchoGo Core uses machine learning-based algorithms.
     o  Note: The reference device, EchoMD Automated Ejection Fraction Software, has the
         same intended use as EchoGo Core and provides machine learning-based algorithms
            for automated estimates of EF.
   •  TomTec Arena TTA2 provides additional offerings for the convenience of the user
       including fetal and abdominal functions, and additional cardiac functions.
   •  EchoGo Core does not allow for manual editing of contours whereas the predicate, TomTec
       allows for manual editing. A quality control procedure applied to input image data ensures
       the device output is consistent with the accuracy and reproducibility demonstrated through
       performance testing.

      The results of the performance testing indicated that by not allowing for manual editing in
       the EchoGo Core device inter and intra-operator variability (0% bias and RMSE) was
       eliminated, while inter and intra-operator variability remained for the predicate, TomTec
      Arena TTA2 (5.3-12.0% and 2.5-4.7% RMSE for EF and GLS, respectively). Furthermore,
       during performance testing, a user was given the opportunity to review the predicate’s
       automatically generated contour and subsequently perform a decisive action, that being to
       accept the contour unchanged, or manually adjusts the contour to become acceptable to the
        user.  Similarly,  the  user was given  the opportunity  to review  the EchoGo Core
       automatically generated contour and subsequently perform a decisive action, that being to
       accept the contour unchanged, or reject the contour completely. This was included in
       performance testing as a study rejection due to “poor contour tracking” for EchoGo Core.
       Results using 5 Operators showed that manual contour editing was required in uo to 100%
       of cases processed through the predicate, while contour rejection was required in up to 29%
       of cases processed through EchoGo Core. Thus, in this aspect, it is considered that the
      automated contouring element of EchoGo Core is substantively equivalent to TomTec
      Arena TTA2.

7. Performance Data
Software Verification and Validation Testing
Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provided as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The software for this device
is considered as a “moderate” level of concern, since a failure or latent design flaw could indirectly


                                    K191171, Page 3 of 5

result in minor injury to the patient or operator through incorrect or delayed information or through
the action of a care provider.
Performance Testing
EchoGo Core software was developed and tested in accordance with Ultromics’ Design Control
processes and has been subjected to extensive safety and performance testing. Non-clinical
verification and validation test results established that the device meets its design requirements
and intended use. Specifically, software verification was conducted at unit, module, and system
integration levels. Risk management analysis generated multiple risk mitigation measures and
verification activities. A Cybersecurity and data security testing were conducted to verify that data
and patient protected health information security measures are included in the design of the
software.
Verification and validation testing were conducted to demonstrate substantial equivalence to
TomTec Arena TTA2. The success criterion was that EchoGo Core would produce an ejection
fraction, global longitudinal strain, end-systolic volume and end-diastolic volume with a Root
Mean Square Error below a set threshold, as compared to the reference values generated using
TomTec Arena TTA2.
A formal retrospective, non-interventional validation study was conducted using 378 previously
acquired studies. Left ventricle volumes and subsequent ejection fraction was calculated using the
Simpson's biplane method. For global longitudinal strain end-diastole and end-systole contour
lengths were calculated. The patient dataset was constructed to provide a representative range of
volume, ejection fraction and global longitudinal strain values, in a patient population with a
balanced gender proportion and clinically typical age, weight and height ranges. Testing included
a wide array of ultrasound system manufacturers to verify that EchoGo Core performs acceptably
across multiple scanner platforms. Variability testing was also performed to demonstrate that
EchoGo Core performs acceptably with a variety of image clips and frames from the same patient.
Test datasets were strictly segregated from algorithm training datasets. EchoGo Core volume,
ejection fraction and global longitudinal strain measurements were produced by a range of users
(echocardiographers and cardiologists) and compared to values produced using TomTec Arena
TTA2 by a range of users (echocardiographers and cardiologists). Root mean square error was
calculated as the primary endpoint. The primary endpoint was met (results: 5.02%, 2.89%, 8.0 ml
and 11.1 ml RMSE, for ejection fraction, global longitudinal strain, end-diastolic and end-systolic
volumes, respectively). Inter and intra-operator variability was assessed between operators
processing the same images and in all cases no variation was observed. Based on the clinical
performance as documented in this pivotal clinical study, the device has a safety and effectiveness
profile that is equivalent to the predicate TomTec Arena TTA2.


8.  Conclusions
The EchoGo Core is as safe and effective as the TomTec Arena TTA2. The EchoGo Core has the
same intended uses and similar indications, technological characteristics, and principles of
operation as its predicate device. The minor differences in indications do not alter the intended
use of the device and do not affect its safety and effectiveness when used as labeled. In addition,
the minor technological differences between the EchoGo Core and its predicate devices raise no


                                    K191171, Page 4 of 5

new issues of safety or effectiveness. Performance data, including software verification and
validation and performance testing demonstrate that the EchoGo Core is as safe and effective as
the TomTec Arena TTA2. Thus, the EchoGo Core is substantially equivalent.


                                    K191171, Page 5 of 5