July 31, 2019
Oculogica, Inc.
Rosina Samadani
CEO
33 Irving Place
New York, New York 10003

Re: K191183
    Trade/Device Name: EyeBOX
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.1455
    Regulation Name: Traumatic Brain Injury Eye Movement Assessment Aid
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QEA
    Dated: May 2, 2019
    Received: May 2, 2019

Dear Rosina Samadani:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K191183 - Rosina Samadani                                                            Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                         Jay R. Gupta -S

                                           Jay Gupta
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT5A: Division of Neurosurgical,
                                                Neurointerventional
                                           and Neurodiagnostic Devices
                                  OHT5: Office of Neurological
                                           and Physical Medicine Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                   Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K191183
Device Name

EyeBOX


Indications for Use (Describe)


The EyeBOX is intended to measure and analyze eye movements as an aid in the diagnosis of concussion, also known as
mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI), within one week of head injury in patients 5 through 67 years of age in conjunction with
a standard neurological assessment of concussion.

A negative EyeBOX classification may correspond to eye movement that is consistent with a lack of concussion.

A positive EyeBOX classification corresponds to eye movement that may be present in both patients with or without
concussion.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)                              Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

               This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to
review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the
collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information
collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
 “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information
                              unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                                    Page 1 of 1                                                     PSC Publishing Services (301)

510(k) Summary [21 CFR 807.92]

Date Prepared:                       July 29, 2019
Submitted by:                     Oculogica Inc.
                               33 IRVING PLACE
                      NEW YORK, NY 10003
                           ROSINA SAMADANI, PH.D.
                                 484-393-2694

Subject Device Name:           EyeBOX, Model OCL 02
Predicate Device Name:          EyeBOX, Model OCL 01, DEN170091
Regulation Number:              21 CFR 882.1455
Regulation Name:                  Traumatic brain injury eye movement assessment aid
Regulatory Class:                 Class II
Product Code:               QEA
Review Panel:                     Neurology

Manufacturer:                    Oculogica Inc.
                               33 IRVING PLACE
                      NEW YORK, NY 10003
Registration Number:             Pending
Manufacturer Contact:          ROSINA SAMADANI, PH.D.
                                 484-393-2694
                         ROSINA@OCULOGICA.COM


The company’s EyeBOX Model OCL 02 device is a modification to the EyeBOX Model OCL 01 device,
which was granted marketing authorization under De Novo request DEN170091 in December 2018.
The EyeBOX Model OCL 02 device has the same intended use, the same principles of operation, and
similar technological characteristics as the previously cleared EyeBOX Model OCL 01 device. Thus,
the EyeBOX Model OCL 02 device is substantially equivalent to its predicate.

The following table presents a comparison of the device of this submission to the device granted
marketing authorization under DEN170091.

                  Predicate Device                     Subject Device

 510(k) Number    DEN170091                     TBD

 Trade Name     EyeBOX                        Same

 Model Number    OCL 01                        OCL 02

 Manufacturer       Oculogica, Inc.                    Same

 Product Code    QEA                           Same

 Regulation        21 CFR 882.1455 Traumatic brain injury  Same
                  eye movement assessment aid


                                                                               1

Indications       The EyeBOX is intended to measure and  The EyeBOX is intended to measure and
for Use            analyze eye movements as an aid in the  analyze eye movements as an aid in the
                   diagnosis of concussion within one week of  diagnosis of concussion, also known as
                head injury in patients 5 through 67 years  mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI), within
                     of age  in  conjunction  with a standard  one week of head injury in patients 5
                    neurological assessment of concussion.    through 67 years of age in conjunction
             A  negative EyeBOX  classification may  with a standard neurological assessment
                  correspond  to  eye movement  that  is   of concussion.
                    consistent with a lack of concussion.      A negative EyeBOX classification may
             A    positive   EyeBOX    classification  correspond  to eye movement  that  is
                  corresponds to eye movement that may be  consistent with a lack of concussion.
                   present in both patients with or without  A   positive  EyeBOX   classification
                   concussion.                             corresponds to eye movement that may
                                                    be  present  in  both  patients  with  or
                                                               without concussion.

Device             Oculogica’s EyeBOX  is an eye-tracking  Same
Description        device with custom software. The device is
                  comprised of a host PC with integrated
                  touchscreen interface for the operator, eye
                    tracking camera, LCD stimulus screen and
                     head-stabilizing   rest   (chin   rest  and
                  forehead rest) for the patient, and data
                   processing algorithm. The data processing
                    algorithm detects subtle changes in eye
                movements  resulting  from  concussion.
                The eye  tracking  task  takes  about 4
                  minutes to complete and involves watching
                a video move around the perimeter of an
             LCD monitor positioned  in  front  of the
                     patient while a high speed near-infrared
                     (IR) camera records gaze positions 500
                   times per second. The post-processed
                  data  are  analyzed   automatically   to
                 produce one or more outcome measures.

Principle of       The data processing  algorithm  detects  Same
operation           subtle  changes   in  eye  movements
                     resulting  from  concussion.  The  eye
                    tracking task takes about 4 minutes to
                  complete and involves watching a video
               move around the perimeter of an LCD
                   monitor positioned in front of the patient
                    while a  high speed  near-infrared  (IR)
                camera records gaze positions 500 times
                   per second. The post-processed data are
                  analyzed automatically to produce a BOX
                    score.

WiFi Functionality  None                                   Provided

Enclosure        Wheeled Chassis                          Table-top

Patient position    Seated and recumbent                  Seated only


                                                                              2

Intended Use and Indications for Use Statement

No change is made to the intended use of the device. The company proposes to modify the Indications
for Use statement to recognize that mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI) is used interchangeably with
concussion in clinical practice and the medical literature. This does not change the intended use
population. The proposed wording of the Indications for Use statement is provided below. The phrase
“, also known as mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI),” (shown in italicized and bolded text for ease
of review only) has been added; no wording is deleted.

      The EyeBOX is intended to measure and analyze eye movements as an aid in the diagnosis
        of concussion, also known as mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI), within one week of head
         injury in patients 5 through 67 years of age in conjunction with a standard neurological
      assessment of concussion.
     A negative EyeBOX classification may correspond to eye movement that is consistent with a
        lack of concussion.
     A positive EyeBOX classification corresponds to eye movement that may be present in both
        patients with or without concussion.

Although this results in a minor modification to the Indications for Use wording, it does not alter the
intended diagnostic effect of the device.

Technological Characteristics

The technological characteristics of the EyeyeBOX Model OCL 02 device are very similar to that of
the EyeBOX Model OCL 01 authorized under DEN170091. The principles of operation are not
changed. The technological characteristics which are important to device function as an aid in
diagnosis of concussion are not changed; these include the following characteristics:

      The principles of operation are not changed;
      The eye tracking camera is not changed;
      The optical path is not changed;
      The EyeBOX algorithm which processes the eye tracking data and outputs the BOX score is
       not changed;

Thus, the device is identical to that of DEN170091 in all aspects important to its use as an aid in
diagnosis of concussion. The following changes have been implemented but do not affect the safety
and effectiveness of the EyeBOX device.

      Change from a wheeled chassis to a tabletop model
      Change to use with seated patients only
       Provide WiFi functionality
       Software changes to allow for licensing of device use.

Performance Testing

The following verification / validation activities were performed as required by the risk assessment of
the changes according  to the same  well-established methods and procedures presented  in
DEN170091.


                                                                               3

   Safety testing according to ANSI/AAMI ES60601-1: 2005 / A1:2012 Medical electrical
       equipment - Part 1: General requirements for basic safety and essential performance
       Electromagnetic emissions and immunity testing according to IEC 60601-1-2:2014 (4TH
      EDITION) Medical electrical equipment - Part 1-2: General requirements for basic safety and
        essential performance - Collateral Standard: Electromagnetic disturbances - Requirements
      and tests
      Hardware verification
       Software validation

Conclusion

the EyeBOX Model OCL 02 device has the same intended use and principle of operation as the
previously authorized EyeBOX Model OCL 01 device. In addition, the EyeBOX Model OCL 02
device has very similar indications and technological characteristics as its predicate. Although there
are minor differences between the EyeBOX Model OCL 02 device and its predicate devices, those
differences do not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness and nonclinical testing
demonstrates the device function is equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device. Thus, the
EyeBOX Model OCL 02 device is substantially equivalent.


                                                                               4