Arterys Inc.                                                 March 25, 2020
℅ Sharon Cholowsky
Director of Regulatory and Compliance
51 Federal Street, Suite 305
SAN FRANCISCO CA 94107

Re: K192437
    Trade/Device Name: Arterys MICA
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: February 15, 2020
    Received: February 19, 2020

Dear Ms. Cholowsky:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K192437 – Ms. Sharon Cholowsky                                                       Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K192437

Device Name
Arterys MICA


Indications for Use (Describe)
Arterys MICA software is a medical diagnostic application that displays, processes, stores, and transfers DICOM and nonDICOM medical data. It provides the capability to store images and patient information, and perform filtering, digital
manipulation, and quantitative measurements. The client software is designed to run on standard personal and business
computers and on monitors/screens that meet appropriate technical specifications for image diagnosis.

Arterys MICA includes an optional Cardio AI module which is used to analyze the heart and its major vessels using
multi-slice, multi-phase, and velocity-encoded cardiovascular magnetic resonance (MR) images. It provides clinically
relevant and reproducible, quantitative data, and has been tested and validated on MR images acquired from both 1.5T and
3.0 T MR Scanners.

Arterys MICA includes an optional Oncology AI module which provides analytical tools to help the user assess and
document changes in morphological activity at diagnostic and therapy follow-up examinations. It is a tool used to support
the oncological workflow by helping the user confirm the absence or presence of lesions, including evaluation,
quantification, follow-up, and documentation of any such lesions.

Arterys MICA software is intended to be used as a support tool by trained healthcare professionals to aid in diagnosis. It is
intended to provide image and related information that is interpreted by a trained professional to render findings and/or
diagnosis, but it does not directly generate any diagnosis or potential findings.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K192437


                          510(k) Summary


   1. General Information

Date Prepared: September 4, 2019
Date Updated: March 19, 2020

Submitter Information
Company Name              Arterys Inc.
Company Address          51 Federal St., Suite 305
                          San Francisco, CA 94107
Contact Person              Sharon Cholowsky
                                Director of Regulatory & Compliance
Contact Information          Email: regulatory@arterys.com
                            Phone: 1 (650) 319-7230


Proposed Device
Proprietary Name               Arterys® MICA
Common Name              Medical image processing software
Model Number         AMM6
Classification Name          System, Image Processing, Radiological
Regulation Number         21 CFR 892.2050
Product Code             QIH/LLZ
Regulatory Class                 II


Predicate & Reference Devices
Predicate Device                 Arterys® MICA, K182034
                              Product Code LLZ
Reference Device            Medis MR-CT VVA, K140587
                              Product Code LLZ


   2. Device Description
Arterys MICA, already cleared as per the predicate, is a dedicated software application used as a
Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) and non-DICOM information and
data management system. Pre-existing DICOM images, such as CT or MR, are uploaded into


Arterys Inc., Traditional 510(k)

K192437


Arterys MICA from a PACS or a scanner. The software has two components: i) client, and ii)
server. The client software  (i) can be used in a Chrome desktop web browser. The server
software (ii) runs on the Linux operating system.

The Viewer application of Arterys MICA is designed around a modular architecture of separate
components that make up a basic image viewer. These components include the Worklist, from
which studies are selected and opened, the Uploads list that displays all uploaded studies for the
current organization, and the basic image display itself, which allows for viewing and working
with 2D and 3D images.

Functionality provided by the Viewer is extended by the additional Cardio AI and Oncology AI
(Oncology AI: Lung AI and Oncology AI: Liver AI) application modules which add support for
specific clinical workflows:
  ●  Cardiac Workflow Module:  evaluates  multi-slice and multi-phase velocity-encoded
       cardiovascular MR images to quantify blood flow and ventricular function.
  ●  Oncology Workflow Module: supports the oncological workflow by helping the user
       confirm the absence or presence of lesions including evaluation, quantification, follow-up
      and documentation of any such lesions within MR or CT images.

NOTE: The clinician retains the ultimate responsibility for making the pertinent diagnosis based
on  their standard practices and visual comparison of images. Arterys MICA software is a
complement to these standard procedures.


   3. Indications for Use
Indications for Use Statement for Arterys MICA is as follows:
         Arterys® MICA software is a medical diagnostic application that displays, processes,
         stores, and transfers DICOM and non-DICOM medical data. It provides the capability to
         store images and patient information, and perform filtering, digital manipulation, and
         quantitative measurements. The client software is designed to run on standard personal
       and  business computers and on monitors/screens  that meet  appropriate  technical
         specifications for image diagnosis.

        Arterys MICA includes an optional Cardio AI module which is used to analyze the heart
       and   its  major  vessels  using   multi-slice,  multi-phase,  and  velocity-encoded
        cardiovascular magnetic resonance (MR) images.  It provides clinically relevant and
        reproducible, quantitative data, and has been tested and validated on MR images
        acquired from both 1.5T and 3.0 T MR Scanners.


Arterys Inc., Traditional 510(k)

K192437


         Arterys MICA includes an optional Oncology AI module which provides analytical tools
         to help the user assess and document changes in morphological activity at diagnostic
        and therapy follow-up examinations.  It  is a tool used to support the oncological
       workflow by helping the user confirm the absence or presence of lesions, including
         evaluation, quantification, follow-up, and documentation of any such lesions.


         Arterys MICA software is intended to be used as a support tool by trained healthcare
         professionals to aid in diagnosis. It is intended to provide image and related information
          that is interpreted by a trained professional to render findings and/or diagnosis, but it
        does not directly generate any diagnosis or potential findings.


   4.  Predicate Device Comparison
The indications for use of the proposed device Arterys MICA is similar to the predicate device.
They are intended to be used as a support tool by trained healthcare professionals to aid in
diagnosis. The devices are intended to provide image and related information that is interpreted
by a trained professional to render findings and/or diagnosis, but it does not directly generate any
diagnosis or potential findings.

The indications for use of the proposed device consists of the indications for use statement of the
predicate,  Arterys MICA (K182034), with a phrase removed to allow for mammography
diagnostic viewing and  a  phrase added  regarding minimum  technical  specifications  for
monitors/screens. The differences in the indications for use don’t raise different questions of
safety and effectiveness.

The Arterys MICA software has the similar technological characteristics as the predicate device
and has the same uses and applications as the predicate device. Differences include minor
incremental updates to some of the existing software features for user experience improvements.
These software changes do not impact safety or efficacy of the device.


   5.  Performance Data
Safety and performance of Arterys MICA has been evaluated and verified in accordance with
software specifications and applicable performance standards through software verification and
validation testing. The software verification and validation activities were performed as per IEC
62304:2006/AC:2015- Medical  device software – Software  life  cycle processes and ISO
14971:2007 Medical devices -- Application of risk management to medical devices, in addition to
the FDA Guidance documents Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software


Arterys Inc., Traditional 510(k)

K192437


Contained  in Medical Devices and Content of Premarket Submission for Management of
Cybersecurity in Medical Devices.

Hundreds  of  software  verification and  validation  tests, including  the  display  quality of
mammography images and a performance  test comparison  to  Medis MR-CT  VVA, were
repeatedly conducted throughout the software development effort, with any defects logged and
traced to the failed tests. Defects were then fixed or were assessed for approval in the released
product.


   6.  Conclusion

Based on the information submitted in this premarket notification, and based on the indications
for use, technological characteristics and performance testing, Arterys MICA raises no new or
different questions of safety and effectiveness and is substantially equivalent to the predicate
device in terms of safety, efficacy and performance.


Arterys Inc., Traditional 510(k)