November 27, 2019

7D Surgical Inc.
Daniel Ziskind
Director, Quality & Regulatory
60 Scarsdale Road, Unit 118
Toronto, M3B 2R7 CA

Re: K192945
    Trade/Device Name: 7D Surgical System Cranial Biopsy and Ventricular Catheter Placement
                           Application
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.4560
    Regulation Name: Stereotaxic Instrument
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: HAW
    Dated: October 15, 2019
    Received: October 30, 2019

Dear Daniel Ziskind:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications  for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm  identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions  of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                              D o c I D # 0 4 0 17 .04 .0 9
Silv er Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K192945 - Daniel Ziskind                                                             Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions  (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn).  Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                   Sincerely,
                              Jay R. Gupta -S

                                        For Matthew Krueger
                                                 Assistant Director
                                 DHT5A: Division of Neurosurgical,
                                                  Neurointerventional
                                           and Neurodiagnostic Devices
                                   OHT5: Office of Neurological
                                           and Physical Medicine Devices
                                               Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K192945

Device Name

7D Surgical System Cranial Biopsy and Ventricular Catheter Placement Application


Indications for Use (Describe)

The 7D Surgical System is a stereotaxic image guidance system intended for the spatial positioning and orientation of
neurosurgical instruments used by surgeons. The system is also intended to be used as the primary surgical luminaire
during image guided surgery. The device is indicated for cranial surgery where reference to a rigid anatomical structure
can be identified.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K192945 Page 1 of 8

510(k) Premarket Notification                                          7D Surgical System
                                            Cranial Biopsy and Ventricular Catheter Placement Application


           510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness
              7D Surgical System Cranial Application

    This summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance
   with 21CFR §807.92

    1.  Submitter’s name, address, telephone number, contact person.
     7D Surgical, Inc.
      60 Scarsdale Road, Unit 118
       Toronto, ON, M3B 2R7, Canada

        Contact person:  Daniel Ziskind
                          Quality and Regulatory, Director
                    7D Surgical, Inc.
                      60 Scarsdale Road, Unit 118
                         Toronto, ON, M3B 2R7, Canada
                       Phone: (647) 484-0079
                           Fax: (647) 749-0400 (wait until you hear a message, then press 7)
                          Email: daniel.ziskind@7dsurgical.com

      Date prepared: November 18, 2019

    2. Name of the device, including the trade or proprietary name if applicable, the
     common or usual name, and the classification name, if known:

      Common/usual name:       Computer-assisted surgical device
       Proprietary name:        7D Surgical System Cranial Biopsy and Ventricular
                                  Catheter Placement Application

      These devices are classified as follows:
     Classification Name                         21 CFR Section      Product Code
     Stereotaxic instrument                     21 CFR §882.4560      HAW

    3.  Substantially Equivalent Devices
     7D Surgical believes the 7D Surgical System Cranial Biopsy and Ventricular
       Catheter Placement Application is substantially equivalent to the following
       currently marketed devices:

    Product                                510(k)
    7D Surgical System Cranial Application   K181041

K192945 Page 2 of 8

510(k) Premarket Notification                                          7D Surgical System
                                            Cranial Biopsy and Ventricular Catheter Placement Application


   The indications for use of the subject device 7D Surgical System Cranial Biopsy and
    Ventricular Catheter Placement Application are equivalent to the predicate device
   7D Surgical System Cranial Application K181041. Furthermore, the technological
    characteristics of the 7D Surgical System Cranial Application are substantially
    equivalent. The differences in the technological characteristics do not raise new
   questions of safety and effectiveness. Consequently, the subject is substantially
   equivalent to the predicate device. It is important to note the 7D Surgical System
    Cranial Application K181041 is considered the Primary Predicate Device for this
    application.

    4. Purpose of Submission
   The purpose of this submission is intended introduce the 7D Surgical Cranial Biopsy
   and Ventricular Catheter Placement Application. With the 7D Surgical Biopsy Guide
   surgeons can target lesions with pre-planned trajectories and provide real-time
    tracking of the IZI Navigable Brain Biopsy Cannula K143241. The Biopsy Guide offers
   continuous position feedback and precise step-by-step workflow guidance for a
    variety of procedures. Surgeons are able to take biopsies and place Ventricular
   Catheters in the cranium through passive-marker technology. The articulating arm
   design connects directly to the skull head clamp for accurate positioning and the
   best approaches for the IZI Biopsy Needle and Ventricular Catheters.

   The IZI Navigable Brain Biopsy Cannula K143241 is designed for navigated removal of
    tissue samples in frameless neurosurgery procedures. The 7D Surgical System stores
   the pre-calibrated geometry of the IZI Navigable Brain Biopsy Cannula allowing for
    instant use for navigation. Together with 7D Surgical Biopsy Guide and the 7D
    Surgical System Cranial Navigation application, pre-planned trajectories can be
    quickly targeted.

    5.  Indications for Use
   The 7D Surgical System is a stereotaxic image guidance system intended for the
    spatial positioning and orientation of neurosurgical instruments used by surgeons.
   The system is also intended to be used as the primary surgical luminaire during
   image guided surgery. The device is indicated for cranial surgery where reference to
   a rigid anatomical structure can be identified.

    6.  Device Description and Technical Comparison to Predicate Devices
   The 7D Surgical System Cranial Biopsy and Ventricular Catheter Placement
    Application is intended for use as a stereotaxic image guided surgical navigation
   system during cranial surgical procedures. The Cranial Application software assists
    in guiding surgeons during cranial surgical procedures such as biopsies, tumor
    resections, and Ventricular Catheters placement. The Cranial Application software
   works in conjunction with 7D Surgical Machine Vision Guidance System which
    consists of clinical software, optically tracked surgical Pointer, a reference frame

K192945 Page 3 of 8

510(k) Premarket Notification                                          7D Surgical System
                                            Cranial Biopsy and Ventricular Catheter Placement Application

   instrument and platform/computer hardware which is substantially equivalent to
   K181041. Image guidance tracks the position of instruments in relation to the
    surgical anatomy and identifies this position on DICOM images or intraoperative
    structured light images of the patient. The Cranial software functionality is
   described in terms of its feature sets which are categorized as imaging, registration,
    planning, and views. Feature sets include functionality that contributes to clinical
    decision making and are necessary to achieve system performance.

     It is important to note that the fundamental technology of the Cranial Application is
   equivalent to the currently cleared Spinal and Cranial Application. Both applications
    require structured light imaging provided by the currently marketed system cart
   hardware. The system provides image registration between preoperative scan data
   and data captured intraoperatively from the 7D Surgical System integrated
    structured light scanner and/or user selected points of the Cranium. The system
   provides guidance data by displaying the locations of wireless optically tracked 7D
    Surgical System Cranial Instruments (examples include Reference Frame, Pointer,
   and now the Biopsy Guide) relative to the patient. Position and orientation data of
   tracked 7D Surgical System Cranial Instruments are linked to the preoperative scan
   data using the 7D Surgical System workstation. The system is intended to be used as
   the primary surgical luminaire for image guided surgery.

   The system is intended to be used for both image fusion and navigation for
    neurological applications where reference to a rigid structure can be identified
    relative to a pre-operative image data of the anatomy.

   The 7D Surgical System Cranial Application is comprised of 5 major components:
        1.  Cart
        2. Arm
        3. Head
        4.  Tracked 7D Surgical System Cranial Instruments
        5.  Software

    The Cart of the system serves the following purposes:
         ·     Easy movement of system with secure attachment of all moveable
           components to the cart
         ·    Space efficient storage of system, when not used
         ·    Allow stable positioning of the entire system when in use
         ·     Safe enclosure of the computer and electric supplies
         ·    Allow user interaction and data-transfer to and from the computer
            workstation

     The Arm of the system serves the following purposes:

K192945 Page 4 of 8

510(k) Premarket Notification                                          7D Surgical System
                                            Cranial Biopsy and Ventricular Catheter Placement Application

         ·     Link the cart and the head allowing easy positioning of the head by the
               sterile surgeon but is stable otherwise (no motion of the head after
             positioning)
         ·    Allow positioning of the head outside of the sterile field in all positions
         ·     Provides mechanisms for routing cables between the head and the cart

     The Head of the system serves 3 main purposes:
         ·    Capture 3D structured light images of the intraoperative patient anatomy
            to facilitate registration of patient preoperative data with the local surgical
            coordinate system to enable surgical navigation
         ·    To passively track the location of 7D Surgical System Cranial Instruments -
             Pointer and a Reference Frame within the surgical field and provide
             intraoperative guidance to the surgeon.
         ·    To illuminate the surgical field during navigated portions of the surgery.
           The incorporation of an illumination module into the system is driven by
            the fact that external surgical lighting can prevent the acquisition of
             structured light images due to saturation of cameras during registration.

      The Tracking System enables the surgeon to view the position and orientation of
       these 7D Surgical System Cranial Instruments relative to registered pre-operative
      image data while performing the surgical procedure. Each 7D Surgical System
       Instrument utilizes 4 commercially available passive reflective marker spheres
      used to determine the position and orientation of each 7D Surgical System
       Instrument. Each 7D Surgical System Instrument requires a unique marker
       position configuration to enable the tracking system to distinguish the tools from
      one to the other.

      The Software links all system components and displays navigational data to the
       surgeon. It provides methods for loading preoperative scans and guides the
      surgeon through the process of surface model creation, structured light
        acquisition, registration, registration verification and navigation.


    7.  Technological Characteristics
      The literature research and the comparison to the predicate devices show that
       the device makes use of equivalent technological characteristics and
        functionality and is intended for equivalent surgical procedures as compared to
       the predicate devices.

K192945 Page 5 of 8

510(k) Premarket Notification                                          7D Surgical System
                                            Cranial Biopsy and Ventricular Catheter Placement Application

    8.  Nonclinical Performance Data
        Verification and Validation activities have been conducted to provide assurance
       that the device meets the performance requirements under the indications for
      use conditions.

     7D Surgical performed the following testing to ensure the safety and
       effectiveness of the 7D Surgical System device:
       •   Non-Clinical  System,  Software,  and  Instrumentation  Verification  and
           Validation
       •   Non-Clinical Performance Surgical Simulations Conducted on Phantom Models
       •  Compliance Conformity Assessments
             •  ISO 10993-1 Biological evaluation of medical devices.
             •  ISO 17665-1 Sterilization of health care products – Moist heat - Part 1:
                Requirements for the development, validation and routine control of
                a sterilization process for medical devices
             •  AAMI / ANSI ST79:2010 & A1:2010 & A2:2011 & A3:2012 & A4:2013,
                 (Consolidated Text) Comprehensive Guide To Steam Sterilization And
                      Sterility Assurance In Health Care Facilities. (Sterility)

       Device performance tests were performed to verify the absolute accuracy of the
       accuracy of the device. Target Registration Error (TRE) and Angular Trajectory
       Error (ATE) has been used to evaluate the clinical accuracy of the system on
      phantom models in a clinical simulated environment. TRE and ATE evaluates the
       error discrepancy between the position reported by the image guided surgery
      system and the ground truth position measured physically or otherwise. The
       following tables summarizes the results of Target Registration Error (TRE) and
       Trajectory Angle Error of the 7D Surgical System Cranial Biopsy Guide
       Application:

                                                          Standard     99% CI*)                                   Mean                                                             Deviation    Upper Limit
  Target Registration Error (TRE) [mm]             1.36           0.68           1.44
  Trajectory Angle Error [°]                        1.35           0.74           1.43

K192945 Page 6 of 8

510(k) Premarket Notification                                          7D Surgical System
                                            Cranial Biopsy and Ventricular Catheter Placement Application

      The following table contains an overall summary of verification and validation
      performed on the 7D Surgical System Cranial Application:

   Verification and Validation            Description                   Conclusion
                            Scope of the test is to verify     Verification successful, all System Verification                              the design requirement        design requirements have
                                   specifications of 7D Surgical    been fulfilled.
                            System under test case
                                 protocols.
                            Scope of the test is to          Validation successful, all user System Validation                                  validate the Indications For    needs met.
                           Use and Customer
                             Requirements of the 7D
                                   Surgical System under
                               simulated use case situations.
 Usability                        This test is conducted to        Validation successful, device
                                  validate the 7D Surgical         safe and effective with
                            System with respect to use     respect to use errors.
                                   errors.
                             Implementation and            Risk Control requirements Safety regarding risk analysis                                 effectiveness of all risk         are effective and mitigate
                                 control requirements          the associated risks to an
                                  specified in the 7D Surgical     acceptable level.
                            System risk analysis is tested
                           and verified.
                                                        Compliance with recognized                           The 7D Surgical System Biocompatibility                                                            standards has previously                                  Cranial Instrumentation was
                                                    been established in the                               assessed to the following                                                              predicate device.                               recognized standards:
                              ISO 10993-1
                                                        Compliance with recognized                           The 7D Surgical System Sterilization                                                            standards have been verified                                  Cranial Instrumentation was
                                                                       in this application.                                tested to the following
                               recognized standards:
                              ISO 17665-1.
                                                        Compliance with recognized                           The 7D Surgical System was Product Safety standards                                                            standards have been verified.                                tested to the following
                               recognized standards:
                                IEC 60601-1, IEC 60601-1-2,
                                IEC 60601-1-6, IEC 60601-2-
                                41, and IEC 60825-1.
 Non-Clinical Accuracy          System's accuracy is tested      All accuracy specifications
                                using the 7D Surgical System   have been met.
                           on phantom models to
                               determine Target Registration
                                Error and Angular Trajectory
                                Error
         All non-clinical tests successfully passed demonstrating that the subject device performs
        as safely and effectively as the predicate device and supporting substantial equivalence.

K192945 Page 7 of 8

510(k) Premarket Notification                                          7D Surgical System
                                            Cranial Biopsy and Ventricular Catheter Placement Application

It is important to note that the following Compliance Conformity Assessments were not
required as a result of design implementation of the Cranial Application, as no
substantial changes were made to the system cart. The information provided in
application K181041 is still applies to the current 7D Surgical System:

             •  IEC 60601-1 Medical electrical equipment. General requirements for
                  basic safety and essential performance, 2005, Amendment 1, 2012
             •  IEC 60601-1-2 Medical Electrical Equipment – Part 1-2, General
                Requirements for Basic Safety and Essential Performance – Collateral
                Standard Electromagnetic Compatibility, 2007
             •  IEC 60601-2-41 Medical electrical equipment - Part 2-41: Particular
                requirements for the basic safety and essential performance of
                   surgical luminaires and luminaires for diagnosis
             •  IEC 60601-1-6 Medical Electrical Equipment - Part 1-6, General
                Requirements for Basic Safety and Essential Performance - Usability
             •  IEC 60825-1 Safety of laser products - Part 1: Equipment classification
               and requirements

    9.  Clinical Data
     A clinical trial was not required to demonstrate safety and effectiveness of the
     7D Surgical System Cranial Biopsy and Ventricular Catheter Placement
       Application.  Clinical validation is unnecessary as the 7D Surgical System Cranial
       Biopsy and Ventricular Catheter Placement Application introduces no new
       indications for use, and device features are equivalent to the previously cleared
       predicate device identified. The clinical safety and effectiveness of Image
      Guided Surgery Systems are historically accepted for both the predicate and
       subject device.

    10. Conclusion
      The 7D Surgical System Cranial Application is substantially equivalent in safety
      and effectiveness to the predicate devices identified above:
          •  The predicate devices and 7D Surgical System use essentially the same
              technologies.
          •  The predicate devices and 7D Surgical System instrumentation have
               essentially the same materials and performance requirements.
          •  The predicate devices and 7D Surgical System are designed and
            manufactured to similar electrical and physical safety standards.

      The non-clinical verification and validation performed support the safety and
       effectiveness of 7D Surgical System C Cranial Biopsy and Ventricular Catheter
      Placement Application. The conclusions drawn from the nonclinical tests
      demonstrate that the 7D Surgical System, performs as safely and effectively as
       the legally marketed device According to the comparison based on the

K192945 Page 8 of 8

510(k) Premarket Notification                                          7D Surgical System
                                            Cranial Biopsy and Ventricular Catheter Placement Application

       requirements of 21 CFR §882.4560 and the information provided herein. It is
      concluded that the 7D Surgical System is substantially equivalent to the
       predicate device with respect to its indications for use, technological
        characteristics and performance characteristics.