September 15, 2020
Accelerate Diagnostics, Inc.
Carrene Plummer
Director, Regulatory Affairs
3950 S. Country Club Road #470
Tucson, Arizona 85714

Re: K192665
    Trade/Device Name:  Accelerate Pheno System, Accelerate PhenoTest BC Kit
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 866.1650
    Regulation Name: Positive Blood Culture Identification and AST Kit
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: PRH, NSU, PEO, PAM, PEN, LON
    Dated: September 22, 2019
    Received: September 25, 2019

Dear Carrene Plummer:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K192665 - Carrene Plummer                                                            Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                      Ribhi Shawar -S
                                            Ribhi Shawar, Ph.D. (ABMM)
                                            Chief
                                           General Bacteriology and Antimicrobial Susceptibility
                                         Branch
                                             Division of Microbiology Devices
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K192665

Device Name
Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit
Accelerate Pheno™ system


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit is a multiplexed in vitro diagnostic test utilizing both qualitative nucleic acid
fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) identification and quantitative, antimicrobial susceptibility testing (AST)
methods and is intended for use with the Accelerate Pheno™ system. The Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit is capable of
simultaneous detection and identification of multiple microbial targets followed by susceptibility testing of the appropriate
detected bacterial organisms. The Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit is performed directly on blood culture samples
identified as positive by a continuous monitoring blood culture system. Results are intended to be interpreted in
conjunction with Gram stain results.

The Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit identifies the following Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria and yeasts
utilizing FISH probes targeting organism-specific ribosomal RNA sequences:

Staphylococcus aureus, Staphylococcus lugdunensis, Coagulase‐negative Staphylococcus species (i.e., Staphylococcus
epidermidis, Staphylococcus haemolyticus, Staphylococcus hominis, Staphylococcus capitis, Staphylococcus lugdunensis,
Staphylococcus warneri, not differentiated), Enterococcus faecalis, Enterococcus faecium, Streptococcus spp. (i.e.,
Streptococcus mitis, Streptococcus oralis, Streptococcus gallolyticus, Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus
pneumoniae, not differentiated), Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Acinetobacter baumannii, Klebsiella spp. (i.e., Klebsiella
pneumoniae, Klebsiella oxytoca, not differentiated), Escherichia coli, Enterobacter spp. (i.e., Enterobacter cloacae,
Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes, not differentiated), Proteus spp. (i.e., Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not
differentiated), Citrobacter spp. (i.e., Citrobacter freundii, Citrobacter koseri, not differentiated), Serratia marcescens,
Candida albicans and Candida glabrata.

The Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit tests the following antimicrobial agents with the specific target organisms identified
below:

Amikacin: Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Acinetobacter baumannii, Klebsiella spp. (i.e., Klebsiella pneumoniae, Klebsiella
oxytoca, not differentiated), Escherichia coli, Enterobacter spp. (i.e., Enterobacter cloacae, Enterobacter (Klebsiella)
aerogenes, not differentiated), Proteus spp. (i.e., Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not differentiated), Citrobacter spp.
(i.e., Citrobacter freundii, Citrobacter koseri, not differentiated) and Serratia marcescens
Ampicillin: Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium
Ampicillin/Sulbactam: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella spp. (i.e., Klebsiella pneumoniae, Klebsiella oxytoca, not
differentiated), and Proteus spp. (i.e., Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not differentiated)
Aztreonam: Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella spp. (i.e., Klebsiella pneumoniae, Klebsiella oxytoca, not differentiated),
Escherichia coli, Enterobacter spp. (i.e., Enterobacter cloacae, Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes, not differentiated),
Proteus spp. (i.e., Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not differentiated), Citrobacter spp. (i.e., Citrobacter freundii,
Citrobacter koseri, not differentiated) and Serratia marcescens
Ceftazidime: Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella spp. (i.e., Klebsiella pneumoniae, Klebsiella oxytoca, not
differentiated), Escherichia coli, Enterobacter spp. (i.e., Enterobacter cloacae, Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes, not
differentiated), Proteus spp. (i.e., Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not differentiated), Citrobacter spp. (i.e., Citrobacter
freundii, Citrobacter koseri, not differentiated) and Serratia marcescens
Ceftaroline: Staphylococcus aureus
Cefepime: Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella spp. (i.e., Klebsiella pneumoniae, Klebsiella oxytoca, not differentiated),
Escherichia coli, Enterobacter spp. (i.e., Enterobacter cloacae, Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes, not differentiated),
Proteus spp. (i.e., Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not differentiated), Citrobacter spp. (i.e., Citrobacter freundii,
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 3                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Citrobacter koseri, not differentiated) and Serratia marcescens
Ceftriaxone: Klebsiella spp. (i.e., Klebsiella pneumoniae, Klebsiella oxytoca, not differentiated), Escherichia coli,
Enterobacter spp. (i.e., Enterobacter cloacae, Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes, not differentiated), Proteus spp. (i.e.,
Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not differentiated), Citrobacter spp. (i.e., Citrobacter freundii, Citrobacter koseri, not
differentiated) and Serratia marcescens
Ciprofloxacin: Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella spp. (i.e., Klebsiella pneumoniae, Klebsiella oxytoca, not
differentiated), Escherichia coli, Enterobacter spp. (i.e., Enterobacter cloacae, Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes, not
differentiated), Proteus spp. (i.e., Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not differentiated), Citrobacter spp. (i.e., Citrobacter
freundii, Citrobacter koseri, not differentiated) and Serratia marcescens
Daptomycin: Staphylococcus aureus, Coagulase‐negative Staphylococcus species (i.e., Staphylococcus epidermidis,
Staphylococcus haemolyticus, Staphylococcus hominis, Staphylococcus capitis, Staphylococcus lugdunensis,
Staphylococcus warneri, not differentiated), Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium
Ertapenem: Klebsiella spp. (i.e., Klebsiella pneumoniae, Klebsiella oxytoca, not differentiated), Escherichia coli,
Enterobacter spp. (i.e., Enterobacter cloacae, Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes, not differentiated), Proteus spp. (i.e.,
Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not differentiated), Citrobacter spp. (i.e., Citrobacter freundii, Citrobacter koseri, not
differentiated) and Serratia marcescens
Gentamicin: Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella spp. (i.e., Klebsiella pneumoniae, Klebsiella oxytoca, not
differentiated), Escherichia coli, Enterobacter spp. (i.e., Enterobacter cloacae, Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes, not
differentiated), Proteus spp. (i.e., Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not differentiated), Citrobacter spp. (i.e., Citrobacter
freundii, Citrobacter koseri, not differentiated) and Serratia marcescens
Linezolid: Staphylococcus aureus, Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium
Meropenem: Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella spp. (i.e., Klebsiella pneumoniae, Klebsiella oxytoca, not
differentiated), Escherichia coli, Enterobacter spp. (i.e., Enterobacter cloacae, Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes, not
differentiated), Proteus spp. (i.e., Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not differentiated), Citrobacter spp. (i.e., Citrobacter
freundii, Citrobacter koseri, not differentiated) and Serratia marcescens
Piperacillin/Tazobactam: Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Acinetobacter baumannii, Klebsiella spp. (i.e., Klebsiella
pneumoniae, Klebsiella oxytoca, not differentiated), Escherichia coli, Enterobacter spp. (i.e., Enterobacter cloacae,
Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes, not differentiated), Proteus spp. (i.e., Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not
differentiated), Citrobacter spp. (i.e., Citrobacter freundii, Citrobacter koseri, not differentiated) and Serratia marcescens
Tobramycin: Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella spp. (i.e., Klebsiella pneumoniae, Klebsiella oxytoca, not
differentiated), Escherichia coli, Enterobacter spp. (i.e., Enterobacter cloacae, Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes, not
differentiated), Proteus spp. (i.e., Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not differentiated), Citrobacter spp. (i.e., Citrobacter
freundii, Citrobacter koseri, not differentiated) and Serratia marcescens
Vancomycin: Staphylococcus aureus, Staphylococcus lugdunensis, Coagulase‐ negative Staphylococcus species (i.e.,
Staphylococcus epidermidis, Staphylococcus haemolyticus, Staphylococcus hominis, Staphylococcus capitis,
Staphylococcus lugdunensis, Staphylococcus warneri, not differentiated), Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium

The following resistance phenotype is reported based on qualitative tests: Methicillin-resistance (S. aureus S. lugdunensis,
coagulase negative staphylococci).

The Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit is indicated as an aid in the diagnosis of bacteremia and fungemia. It is also indicated
for susceptibility testing of specific pathogenic bacteria as identified above commonly associated with or causing
bacteremia. Results are intended to be used in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings.

Standard laboratory protocols for processing positive blood cultures should be followed to ensure availability of isolates
for supplemental testing as needed. Additionally, subculture of positive blood culture is necessary for the identification
and susceptibility testing of: organisms not identified by the Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit, organisms present in
polymicrobial samples, organisms for which species identification is critical for patient care (e.g. speciation of
Streptococcus spp.), samples for which an “indeterminate” result for any probe was obtained, for testing antimicrobial
agents not included on the Accelerate panel and for epidemiologic testing.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 2 of 3

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                     This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
       The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                      Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 3 of 3

} ACCELERATE K192665
bs ieee September 10, 2020
510(k) Summary
Page 1 of 21

K192665
                                                                       September 10, 2020

510(k) SUMMARY

Submitter Information:
Submitter: Accelerate Diagnostics, Inc.
Address: 3950 S. Country Club Road #470 Tucson, AZ 85714
Establishment Registration No: 3010671651
Contact Person: Carrene Plummer
Phone: (520) 405-1462
Fax: (520) 269-6580
E-mail: cplummer@axdx.com
Date Prepared: September 22, 2019

Name of Device and Classification:
Trade Name: Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit, Accelerate Pheno™ system
Classification Name: A cellular analysis system for multiplexed antimicrobial
susceptibility testing
Product Code: PRH, NSU, PEO, PAM, PEN, LON

Predicate Device:
Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit/Accelerate Pheno™ system (DEN160032)


                                                                       Page 2 of 21

K192665
                                                                       September 10, 2020

Device Description

Assay Description
There are no changes to the description of the assays in the Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit
description provided in DEN160032, except for updated time to result and addition of an
optical filter to assist in removal of interfering sample debris.

The Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit contains a sample vial, a 48-channel disposable test
cassette and a reagent cartridge.  All identification (ID) and antimicrobial susceptibility
testing (AST) is performed in individual flowcells of the test cassette.  The reagent
cartridge contains gel electrofiltration (GEF) stations, fluorescence in situ hybridization
(FISH)  probes,  antimicrobials,  and  reagents  for  automated  sample  preparation,
identification of bacterial and fungal target organisms, and antimicrobial susceptibility and
resistance marker detection testing for bacterial target organisms.  The user loads the
sample into the sample vial, places the test cassette, reagent cartridge and sample vial into
an Accelerate Pheno™ system module, then presses the module button to close the module
door and start the run. The rest of the operations are automated as described below.

Automated Sample Preparation
Automated sample preparation is performed using gel electrofiltration (GEF) which is
based on gel electrophoresis principles. Sample is automatically transferred to a gel well
containing pores smaller than bacterial or yeast cells. Application of an electric field causes
lysed blood cells and/or other sample debris to pass into the gel wall while bacterial/yeast
cells remain inside the gel well.  The electric field  is briefly reversed to dislodge
bacterial/yeast cells from the gel wall prior to removal.

Cell Capture
Following sample preparation, recovered cells are automatically pipetted into multiple
flowcell channels of the test cassette. Conductive layers of transparent indium tin oxide
(ITO) coat the top and bottom inner surfaces of each flowcell channel and act as electrodes.
An additional cationic poly-L-lysine layer on the bottom of each flowcell acts as a capture
surface. When a voltage is applied, the negatively-charged bacterial/yeast cells migrate to
the positively-charged capture surface where they are captured prior to imaging.


                                                                       Page 3 of 21

K192665
                                                                       September 10, 2020

Fluorescence in situ Hybridization (FISH) for Identification
Cocktails of ATTO-532 (green) fluorescently-labeled DNA probes bind to the ribosomal
RNA of target organisms following permeabilization. Each cocktail also includes ATTO-
647 (red) labeled universal bacterial probe that binds to the ribosomal RNA of all clinically
relevant bacteria (bacterial ID channels) or universal eukaryotic probe that binds to the
ribosomal RNA of all clinically relevant yeast (yeast ID channels). The system images each
flowcell using a fluorescence and dark-field microscope with camera and a filter set that
captures emission from the FISH ID probes at 532 nm, 647 nm and in dark-field. An
additional filter, capturing emission at 720 nm – 760 nm, is utilized prior to FISH ID for
removal of interfering sample debris. To further exclude debris, only dark-field objects
colocalized with universal probe signal are included in analysis. Colocalization of target
probe signal and universal probe signal identifies a target organism.

The software also quantitates the total number of organisms present in a sample using a
nucleic acid stain in a separate control flowcell. Comparing the relative numbers of each
target organism to the number of objects lit up by the universal probes allows the system
to differentiate bacteria/yeast from debris. FISH ID results are reported approximately 2
hours after loading the sample, and the ID result determines the selection of appropriate
antimicrobials for subsequent antimicrobial susceptibility testing.

Morphokinetic Cellular Analysis (MCA) for Antimicrobial Susceptibility Testing
(AST)
The Accelerate Pheno™ system leverages Morphokinetic Cellular Analysis (MCA)
technology to measure distinct morphokinetic features of live microbial cells responding
to antimicrobials to generate susceptibility results.

MCA is a computer vision based analytical method that uses digital microscopy inputs and
machine learning technology to observe individual live cells and microcolonies (or clones)
and recognize patterns of change over time. This technology tracks and analyzes multiple
morphological and kinetic changes of individual cells and microcolonies under a variety of
conditions. These changes include morphokinetic features such as cell morphology, mass
as measured by light intensity of a growing microcolony, division rate, anomalous growth
patterns, and heterogeneity.

Prior to AST, the remaining sample is combined with growth media and undergoes a pregrowth step during the FISH ID assay to normalize growth rates. Following automated
sample preparation, the cells are quantitated and dynamically diluted to the appropriate
concentration for AST testing. The cells are then captured in flowcell channels and

                                                                       Page 4 of 21

K192665
                                                                       September 10, 2020

immobilized when  growth  media  containing  single  concentrations  of  each  test
antimicrobial are added to separate flowcell channels. The bacteria in each flowcell are
imaged every 10 minutes for up to 4.5 hours, creating a time-lapse record of bacterial
growth from individual progenitor cells into clones of daughter cells.

During this period, morphokinetic features are measured and used for analysis. The
precise quantitative measurement of individual clone growth rate over time is a powerful
indicator of antimicrobial efficacy. Onboard software algorithms derive minimum
inhibitory concentration (MIC) values from the measured features, and apply appropriate
expert rules for proper interpretation and reporting of categorical interpretations - S, I or
R (susceptible, intermediate, or resistant).

The Accelerate Pheno™ system is designed to perform Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit
identification (ID) of bacterial and yeast cells and antimicrobial susceptibility testing
(AST) in approximately 7 hours directly from positive blood culture samples. Depending
on  the  computer  configuration,  up  to  eight ID/AST  modules  can  be  operated
concurrently.  Analysis time may increase when four or more tests are performed on
ID/AST modules simultaneously. Other factors, such as sample complexity, the number of
organisms and/or antimicrobials available in the panel, may also increase time to result.

Quality Control
The Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC ID and AST QC tests automate the external QC testing
procedure, removing the manual standardized inoculum preparation and manual dispensing
of the McFarland standardized inoculum (0.5 for bacteria and 2.0 for fungi). This reduces
the complexity of QC testing, eliminating the need for a clinical scientist to perform the
test. Furthermore, the stability of the analyte is increased through the use of complementary
sequences coupled to polymer microspheres for each of the target probes in the Accelerate
PhenoTest™ BC kit.

As accessories to the Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit and Accelerate Pheno™ system, the
Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC ID and AST QC tests have their own instructions for use.

Instrument Description
Changes to the instrument description provided in the de novo submission (DEN160032)
include the addition of an alternate computing system (Interface PC/Analysis module) that
supports up to 8 modules and change in time to result.


                                                                       Page 5 of 21

K192665
                                                                       September 10, 2020

The Accelerate Pheno™ system is a fully-integrated in vitro diagnostic system comprised
of one to eight ID/AST module(s), a computing system, touchscreen monitor and
Accelerate Pheno™ system software for use with Accelerate PhenoTest™ kits.   It is
designed to perform identification (ID) of bacterial and yeast cells and antimicrobial
susceptibility testing (AST) in approximately 7 hours directly from positive blood culture
samples. Depending on the computer configuration, up to eight ID/AST modules can be
operated concurrently. Analysis time may increase when four or more tests are initiated
on ID/AST modules simultaneously. Other factors, such as sample complexity, the number
of organisms and/or antimicrobials available in the assay kit panel, may also increase time
to result.

Identification uses fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH) and susceptibility testing uses
microscopic observation of individual, live, growing bacterial cells in near real time
(approximately every 10 minutes) in the presence of antimicrobial agents.

The Accelerate Pheno™ system is comprised of the following hardware:
  •  Accelerate Pheno™ system ID/AST modules (Up to 4 or 8 depending on
     computing system architecture)
  •  Computing system, either:
      o    Control PC/Analysis PC setup (supports up to 4 ID/AST modules):
                  1 Control PC
                  1 Analysis PC
      o    Interface PC/Analysis module setup (supports up to 8 ID/AST modules):
                  1 Interface PC
                  1 Analysis module
  •  Touchscreen monitor
  •  Keyboard
  •  Mouse
  •  Power cords
  •  Cables
  •   Uninterruptible Power Supply (1 UPS for up to 4 ID/AST modules and 1 UPS per
     computing system)

Each system contains up to 4 or 8 ID/AST modules (depending on computing system) and
each ID/AST module can run one patient sample at a time. Each ID/AST module may be
started or stopped at any time, independent of the other ID/AST modules.


                                                                       Page 6 of 21

K192665
                                                                       September 10, 2020

Software Description
There are no changes to the description of the Accelerate Pheno™ system software
provided in DEN160032. The Accelerate Pheno™ system uses web-based software that
controls system functions. The software can be accessed via the touchscreen monitor
interface or remotely on a computer or device that has a web browser with network access
to the host PC.

Intended Use/Indications for Use
The following changes have been made to the intended use/indications for use of the
Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC  kit since DEN160032: addition of the Pseuodomonas
aeruginosa aztreonam assay, addition of newly recognized nomenclature for Enterobacter
aerogenes, removal of macrolide-lincosamide-streptogramin B resistance (MLSb), and
removal of erythromycin.

The Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit is a multiplexed in vitro diagnostic test utilizing both
qualitative nucleic acid fluorescence in  situ hybridization (FISH) identification and
quantitative, antimicrobial susceptibility testing (AST) methods and is intended for use
with the Accelerate Pheno™ system. The Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit is capable of
simultaneous detection and identification of multiple microbial targets followed by
susceptibility testing of the appropriate detected bacterial organisms. The Accelerate
PhenoTest™ BC kit is performed directly on blood culture samples identified as positive
by a continuous monitoring blood culture system. Results are intended to be interpreted in
conjunction with Gram stain results.

The Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit identifies the following Gram-positive and Gramnegative bacteria and yeasts utilizing FISH probes targeting organism-specific ribosomal
RNA sequences:

Staphylococcus aureus, Staphylococcus lugdunensis, Coagulase‐negative Staphylococcus
species (i.e., Staphylococcus epidermidis, Staphylococcus haemolyticus, Staphylococcus
hominis, Staphylococcus capitis, Staphylococcus lugdunensis, Staphylococcus warneri,
not differentiated), Enterococcus faecalis, Enterococcus faecium, Streptococcus spp. (i.e.,
Streptococcus  mitis, Streptococcus  oralis, Streptococcus  gallolyticus, Streptococcus
agalactiae, Streptococcus pneumoniae, not differentiated), Pseudomonas aeruginosa,
Acinetobacter baumannii, Klebsiella spp. (i.e., Klebsiella pneumoniae, Klebsiella oxytoca,
not  differentiated), Escherichia  coli, Enterobacter spp.  (i.e., Enterobacter cloacae,
Enterobacter  (Klebsiella) aerogenes, not  differentiated), Proteus spp.  (i.e., Proteus
mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not differentiated), Citrobacter spp. (i.e., Citrobacter freundii,

                                                                       Page 7 of 21

K192665
                                                                       September 10, 2020

Citrobacter  koseri, not  differentiated),  Serratia marcescens, Candida albicans and
Candida glabrata.

The Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit tests the following antimicrobial agents with the
specific target organisms identified below:

Amikacin: Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Acinetobacter baumannii, Klebsiella spp.
(i.e., Klebsiella pneumoniae, Klebsiella oxytoca, not differentiated), Escherichia coli,
Enterobacter spp. (i.e., Enterobacter cloacae, Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes, not
differentiated), Proteus spp. (i.e., Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not differentiated),
Citrobacter spp. (i.e., Citrobacter freundii, Citrobacter koseri, not differentiated) and
Serratia marcescens
Ampicillin: Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium
Ampicillin/Sulbactam: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella spp. (i.e., Klebsiella pneumoniae,
Klebsiella oxytoca, not differentiated), and Proteus spp. (i.e., Proteus mirabilis, Proteus
vulgaris, not differentiated)
Aztreonam: Pseudomonas aeruginosa,  Klebsiella spp.  (i.e.,  Klebsiella pneumoniae,
Klebsiella  oxytoca,  not  differentiated),  Escherichia  coli,  Enterobacter  spp.   (i.e.,
Enterobacter cloacae, Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes, not differentiated), Proteus
spp. (i.e., Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not differentiated), Citrobacter spp. (i.e.,
Citrobacter freundii, Citrobacter koseri, not differentiated) and Serratia marcescens
Ceftazidime: Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella spp. (i.e., Klebsiella pneumoniae,
Klebsiella  oxytoca,  not  differentiated),  Escherichia  coli,  Enterobacter  spp.   (i.e.,
Enterobacter cloacae, Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes, not differentiated), Proteus
spp. (i.e., Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not differentiated), Citrobacter spp. (i.e.,
Citrobacter freundii, Citrobacter koseri, not differentiated) and Serratia marcescens
Ceftaroline: Staphylococcus aureus
Cefepime: Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella spp. (i.e., Klebsiella pneumoniae,
Klebsiella  oxytoca,  not  differentiated),  Escherichia  coli,  Enterobacter  spp.   (i.e.,
Enterobacter cloacae, Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes, not differentiated), Proteus
spp. (i.e., Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not differentiated), Citrobacter spp. (i.e.,
Citrobacter freundii, Citrobacter koseri, not differentiated) and Serratia marcescens
Ceftriaxone: Klebsiella spp. (i.e., Klebsiella pneumoniae, Klebsiella oxytoca, not
differentiated),  Escherichia   coli,  Enterobacter  spp.   (i.e.,  Enterobacter  cloacae,
Enterobacter  (Klebsiella) aerogenes, not  differentiated), Proteus spp.  (i.e., Proteus

                                                                       Page 8 of 21

K192665
                                                                       September 10, 2020

mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not differentiated), Citrobacter spp. (i.e., Citrobacter freundii,
Citrobacter koseri, not differentiated) and Serratia marcescens
Ciprofloxacin: Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella spp. (i.e., Klebsiella pneumoniae,
Klebsiella  oxytoca,  not  differentiated),  Escherichia  coli,  Enterobacter  spp.   (i.e.,
Enterobacter cloacae, Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes, not differentiated), Proteus
spp. (i.e., Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not differentiated), Citrobacter spp. (i.e.,
Citrobacter freundii, Citrobacter koseri, not differentiated) and Serratia marcescens
Daptomycin: Staphylococcus aureus, Coagulase‐negative Staphylococcus species
(i.e., Staphylococcus epidermidis, Staphylococcus haemolyticus, Staphylococcus hominis,
Staphylococcus  capitis,  Staphylococcus  lugdunensis,  Staphylococcus  warneri,  not
differentiated), Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium
Ertapenem: Klebsiella spp. (i.e., Klebsiella pneumoniae, Klebsiella oxytoca, not
differentiated),  Escherichia   coli,  Enterobacter  spp.   (i.e.,  Enterobacter  cloacae,
Enterobacter  (Klebsiella) aerogenes, not  differentiated), Proteus spp.  (i.e., Proteus
mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not differentiated), Citrobacter spp. (i.e., Citrobacter freundii,
Citrobacter koseri, not differentiated) and Serratia marcescens
Gentamicin: Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella spp. (i.e., Klebsiella pneumoniae,
Klebsiella  oxytoca,  not  differentiated),  Escherichia  coli,  Enterobacter  spp.   (i.e.,
Enterobacter cloacae, Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes, not differentiated), Proteus
spp. (i.e., Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not differentiated), Citrobacter spp. (i.e.,
Citrobacter freundii, Citrobacter koseri, not differentiated) and Serratia marcescens
Linezolid: Staphylococcus aureus, Enterococcus faecalis and Enterococcus faecium
Meropenem: Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella spp. (i.e., Klebsiella pneumoniae,
Klebsiella  oxytoca,  not  differentiated),  Escherichia  coli,  Enterobacter  spp.   (i.e.,
Enterobacter cloacae, Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes, not differentiated), Proteus
spp. (i.e., Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not differentiated), Citrobacter spp. (i.e.,
Citrobacter freundii, Citrobacter koseri, not differentiated) and Serratia marcescens
Piperacillin/Tazobactam: Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Acinetobacter baumannii,
Klebsiella spp.  (i.e., Klebsiella pneumoniae, Klebsiella oxytoca, not  differentiated),
Escherichia coli, Enterobacter spp. (i.e., Enterobacter cloacae, Enterobacter (Klebsiella)
aerogenes, not differentiated), Proteus spp. (i.e., Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not
differentiated),  Citrobacter  spp.  (i.e.,  Citrobacter  freundii,  Citrobacter  koseri,  not
differentiated) and Serratia marcescens
Tobramycin: Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella spp. (i.e., Klebsiella pneumoniae,


                                                                       Page 9 of 21

K192665
                                                                       September 10, 2020

Klebsiella  oxytoca,  not  differentiated),  Escherichia  coli,  Enterobacter  spp.   (i.e.,
Enterobacter cloacae, Enterobacter (Klebsiella) aerogenes, not differentiated), Proteus
spp. (i.e., Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, not differentiated), Citrobacter spp. (i.e.,
Citrobacter freundii, Citrobacter koseri, not differentiated) and Serratia marcescens
Vancomycin: Staphylococcus aureus, Staphylococcus lugdunensis, Coagulase‐
negative  Staphylococcus  species  (i.e.,  Staphylococcus  epidermidis,  Staphylococcus
haemolyticus,  Staphylococcus   hominis,  Staphylococcus   capitis,  Staphylococcus
lugdunensis, Staphylococcus warneri, not  differentiated), Enterococcus  faecalis and
Enterococcus faecium

The following resistance phenotype is reported based on a qualitative test: Methicillinresistance (S. aureus S. lugdunensis, coagulase negative staphylococci).

The Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit is indicated as an aid in the diagnosis of bacteremia
and fungemia. It is also indicated for susceptibility testing of specific pathogenic bacteria
as identified above commonly associated with or causing bacteremia. Results are intended
to be used in conjunction with other clinical and laboratory findings.

Standard laboratory protocols for processing positive blood cultures should be followed to
ensure availability of isolates for supplemental testing as needed. Additionally, subculture
of positive blood culture is necessary for the identification and susceptibility testing of:
organisms not identified by the Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit, organisms present in
polymicrobial samples, organisms for which species identification is critical for patient
care (e.g. speciation of Streptococcus spp.), samples for which an “indeterminate” result
for any probe was obtained, for testing antimicrobial agents not included on the Accelerate
panel and for epidemiologic testing.


                                                                      Page 10 of 21

K192665
                                                                            September 10, 2020

     Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

      Table 1: Predicate Device Comparison Similarities
                                         Similarities
         Item                        Device                      Predicate
                            Accelerate PhenoTestTM BC Kit   Accelerate PhenoTestTM
                                        BC Kit (DEN160032)

Intended Use             The Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC   Same
                                   kit is a multiplexed in vitro
                              diagnostic test utilizing both
                                qualitative nucleic acid
                             fluorescence in situ hybridization
                          (FISH) identification and
                                quantitative, antimicrobial
                                susceptibility testing (AST)
                          methods and is intended for use
                            with the Accelerate Pheno™
                             system. The Accelerate
                        PhenoTest™ BC kit is capable of
                            simultaneous detection and
                                 identification of multiple
                             microbial targets followed by
                                susceptibility testing of the
                              appropriate detected bacterial
                            organisms. The Accelerate
                        PhenoTest™ BC kit is performed
                                directly on blood culture samples
                                identified as positive by a
                            continuous monitoring blood
                               culture system. Results are
                             intended to be interpreted in
                             conjunction with Gram stain
                                   results.


                                                                           Page 11 of 21

K192665
                                                                            September 10, 2020


                                         Similarities
         Item                        Device                      Predicate
                            Accelerate PhenoTestTM BC Kit   Accelerate PhenoTestTM
                                        BC Kit (DEN160032)

Organisms Identified      The Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC   Same
                                   kit identifies the following Grampositive and Gram-negative
                               bacteria and yeasts utilizing FISH
                            probes targeting organismspecific ribosomal RNA
                             sequences: Staphylococcus
                            aureus, Staphylococcus
                             lugdunensis, Coagulase-‐negative
                           Staphylococcus species
                            (Staphylococcus epidermidis,
                            Staphylococcus haemolyticus,
                            Staphylococcus hominis,
                            Staphylococcus capitis,
                            Staphylococcus lugdunensis,
                            Staphylococcus warneri, not
                                 differentiated), Enterococcus
                                 faecalis, Enterococcus faecium,
                             Streptococcus spp. (Streptococcus
                                  mitis, Streptococcus oralis,
                             Streptococcus gallolyticus,
                             Streptococcus agalactiae,
                             Streptococcus pneumoniae, not
                                 differentiated), Pseudomonas
                             aeruginosa, Acinetobacter
                           baumannii, Klebsiella spp.
                               (Klebsiella pneumoniae,
                              Klebsiella oxytoca, not
                                 differentiated), Escherichia coli,
                            Enterobacter spp. (Enterobacter
                              cloacae, Enterobacter


                                                                           Page 12 of 21

K192665
                                                                            September 10, 2020


                                         Similarities
         Item                        Device                      Predicate
                            Accelerate PhenoTestTM BC Kit   Accelerate PhenoTestTM
                                        BC Kit (DEN160032)

                               (Klebsiella) aerogenes, not
                                 differentiated), Proteus spp.
                             (Proteus mirabilis, Proteus
                                vulgaris, not differentiated),
                             Citrobacter spp. (Citrobacter
                                 freundii, Citrobacter koseri, not
                                 differentiated), Serratia
                            marcescens, Candida albicans
                          and Candida glabrata.
Sample                       Positive Blood Culture as        Same
                                identified by a continuous
                            monitoring blood culture system
Reagent Cartridge          Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit    Same


Instrument                  Accelerate PhenoTM system      Same


      Table 1: Predicate Device Comparison Differences
                                      Differences
          Item                       Device                      Predicate
                             Accelerate PhenoTestTM BC     Accelerate PhenoTestTM
                                        Kit            BC Kit (DEN160032)
Antimicrobial Agents       Double concentrations of          Single concentrations of
                            aztreonam, cefepime,             aztreonam, cefepime,
                             ceftazidime and piperacillin       ceftazidime and piperacillin
                           tazobactam for Pseudomonas     tazobactam
                            aeruginosa testing

                                                                           Page 13 of 21

K192665
                                                                            September 10, 2020


                                      Differences
         Item                       Device                      Predicate
                             Accelerate PhenoTestTM BC     Accelerate PhenoTestTM
                                        Kit            BC Kit (DEN160032)
                        Removal of MLSb and            Included MLSb and
                            erythromycin                    erythromycin
Test Kit                     Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit,   Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC
                          enhanced wet reagent well           kit, wet reagent well
                              (consolidated wells)
External Quality Control    Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC ID   Manual QC assay
Assays                    and AST QC test(s)
ATCC QC Organisms     No QC organism maintenance     Users required to maintain
Maintenance                required                                 all 20 QC strains required
                                                                     for testing
QC Sample Preparation    Automated QC inoculum         User prepares standardized
                              preparation and standardization   inoculum of each QC strain
                           performed by the Accelerate      and manually dispenses into
                     Pheno™ system                  designated wells in the
                                                              Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC
                                                                            kit
Accessories/Materials       Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC ID  QC Assay Loading
Required But Not          and AST QC test(s)              “Template Tool”
Provided For External QC                                        ATCC QC organism(s)
Testing
                                                    35°C (+/- 2) Incubator with
                                              CO2
                                                               Trypticase soy agar (TSA)
                                                                     plates containing 5%
                                                              sheep’s blood (BAP) (for
                                                                    bacteria growth)
                                                        Sabouraud Dextrose plates
                                                                       (for yeast growth)


                                                                           Page 14 of 21

K192665
                                                                            September 10, 2020


                                      Differences
         Item                       Device                      Predicate
                             Accelerate PhenoTestTM BC     Accelerate PhenoTestTM
                                        Kit            BC Kit (DEN160032)
                                                        Commercially prepared
                                                               Trypticase soy broth (TSB)
                                                            with no additives
                                                        Commercially available,
                                                                    calibrated turbidity meter
                                                                0.5 and 2.0 McFarland
                                                             Standards for use with
                                                          commercially available
                                                                     turbidity meter
                                                          Falcon® 5mL Round
                                                     Bottom Polystyrene Test
                                                       Tubes with Snap Cap,
                                                                       Sterile (Corning Product #
                                                        352054) or equivalent
Test Interpretation and     Modified Expert rules             Original Expert rules from
Results Reporting                                  DEN160032


                        ID Interpretive Rules increase     Original Monomicrobial
                              reporting of the monomicrobial    Indeterminate and false
                                  call and decreases incidence of     positive in DEN160032
                             indeterminate calls and
                         ambiguous results due to
                               debris/noise
                 AO Bright Rule improves         Original invalid results in
                               overall reportability by         DEN160032
                             decreasing invalid results


                                                                           Page 15 of 21

K192665
                                                                            September 10, 2020


                                      Differences
         Item                       Device                      Predicate
                             Accelerate PhenoTestTM BC     Accelerate PhenoTestTM
                                        Kit            BC Kit (DEN160032)
                           Noise Rejection analysis         By-run false positive rate
                             decreases by-run false positive     for clinical stock isolates in
                                 rate of clinical stock isolates     DEN160032
                          Improved ID target detection      Original normal hit, bright
                              thresholds                          rule and high sensitivity
                                                                 detection in DEN160032
                MEM algorithm changes          Original MIN error rate for
                             decrease MIN error rate for PAE  PAE
Time to Result            ID Results ~2 hours            ID Results ~1.5 hours
                    AST Results ~7 hours         AST Results ~6.5 hours

Instrument                  Optical set submitted in           Optical set submitted in
                      DEN160032 with additional far-  DEN160032
                             red filter
Computing System       Add Interface PC/Analysis        Control PC/Analysis PC
                         module setup (supports up to 8    setup (supports up to 4
                       ID/AST modules)             ID/AST modules)
Software Algorithms      Add ID interpretive rules, AO     Original algorithms for
                               bright rule, and ID algorithm      aztreonam, cefepime,
                           improvements. Updated           ceftazidime, meropenem
                             algorithms for aztreonam,        and piperacillin-tazobactam
                             cefepime, ceftazidime,            with P. aeruginosa
                        meropenem and piperacillintazobactam with P. aeruginosa
Software Algorithms        Accelerate Pheno™ system       Noise rejection analysis
                             software includes noise rejection   using far red filter to reject
                               analysis using far red filter to       interfering debris not
                                  reject interfering debris           performed


                                                                           Page 16 of 21

K192665
                                                                            September 10, 2020


                                      Differences
         Item                       Device                      Predicate
                             Accelerate PhenoTestTM BC     Accelerate PhenoTestTM
                                        Kit            BC Kit (DEN160032)
Software QC Assays         Accelerate Pheno™ system     QC assays performed by
                             software automates QC testing     Accelerate Pheno™ system
                                for ID and AST using the          requires manual dispensing
                             Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC       of standardized inoculum
                       ID/AST QC tests                   into designated wells of
                                                              Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC
                                                                            kit


                                                                           Page 17 of 21

K192665
                                                                       September 10, 2020

Performance Data
Performance data are provided within this premarket notification in support of the
substantial equivalence determination.

Electrical safety and electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)
Electrical safety and EMC testing is identical to that conducted for the predicate device.
The Accelerate Pheno™ system complies with IEC 61010-1:2010, Safety requirements for
electrical equipment for measurement, control, and laboratory use- Part 1: General
requirements, and also with IEC 60601-1-2:2014, medical electrical equipment: General
requirements  for  basic  safety  and  essential  performance  -  Collateral  Standard:
Electromagnetic disturbances – Requirements and tests.

Software Verification and Validation Testing
Software verification and validation testing were conducted and documentation is provided
as recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the
Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The
software for this device was considered to have a “moderate” level of concern, since a
failure or latent flaw could indirectly result in minor injury to the patient or operator through
incorrect or delayed information or through the action of a care provider.

Non-Clinical Test Summaries

  Performance Evaluation
  Performance of the modified Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC  kit aztreonam (ATM),
   ceftazidime (CAZ), cefepime (FEP), meropenem (MEM) and piperacillin-tazobactam
  (TZP) Pseudomonas aeruginosa assays was established during an internal performance
   evaluation  study  at  Accelerate  Diagnostics,  Inc. A  total  of 131  characterized
  Pseudomonas aeruginosa isolates were tested at the internal site in two phases along
   with evaluation of the new algorithms on the original 13 clinical trial isolates for a total
   of 144 isolates included in the performance evaluation. Phase 1 included testing of 100
   challenge and stock isolates (115 total runs), and Phase 2 evaluated an additional 31 onscale isolates. P. aeruginosa isolates were seeded into BD BACTEC™ Plus Aerobic
  blood culture bottles containing healthy donor blood and incubated until positivity on
   the BD BACTEC™ system. Samples from positive blood culture bottles were Gramstained, run on the Accelerate Pheno™ system, sub-cultured for purity on trypticase soy
   agar (TSA) plates, and images were taken with Sphere FLASH®. Antimicrobial
   susceptibility test (AST) results were compared to historical results from the broth

                                                                      Page 18 of 21

K192665
                                                                    September 10, 2020

microdilution (BMD) reference method. Quality control testing for the Accelerate
PhenoTest™ BC kit was performed daily using the Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC ID and
AST QC tests.

During the Phase 1 performance evaluation study, a total of 113 out of the 115 tested
samples produced a positive identification for Pseudomonas aeruginosa. Two of the P.
aeruginosa samples produced negative or off-panel ID calls and were excluded from
analysis per study exclusion criteria. Of the 113 positive P. aeruginosa samples, 13 did
not proceed to AST testing due to invalid results (e.g., growth control channel failures)
and were additionally excluded from data analysis. In Phase 2, aside from five isolates
that were retested once each due to ID failures, all experiments resulted in valid data
points for all five beta lactam antimicrobials.

The primary objective of the clinical evaluation study for the Accelerate PhenoTest™
BC kit aztreonam, cefepime, ceftazidime, meropenem and piperacillin-tazobactam
Pseudomonas aeruginosa assays was to produce adequate essential and categorical
agreement. At least two two-fold dilutions below the susceptible and one two-fold
dilution above the resistant threshold as specified in the FDA Class II Special Controls
Guidance document were tested over the Accelerate Pheno™ system reportable ranges
of ≤2 μg/mL to ≥64 μg/mL (ATM, CAZ, FEP), ≤1 μg/mL to ≥16 μg/mL (MEM), ≤4
μg/mL to ≥256 μg/mL (TZP). Table 3 provides an overall summary of AST performance
for the two testing phases plus analysis of the 13 original clinical isolates for the
Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit aztreonam, cefepime, ceftazidime, meropenem and
piperacillin-tazobactam Pseudomonas aeruginosa assays.


                                                                   Page 19 of 21

K192665
                                                                                                        September 9, 2020


 Table 2: Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC kit Assay Performance Summary
            Reporting                N    #EA  %EA
   Abx     Range   N   #EA  %EA   (Eval)   (Eval)   (Eval)  #CA %CA   #R    #S   #vmj  %vmj  #maj  %maj   #min  %min
   ATMa      2-64     144   135    93.8     73      64      87.7    134    93.1    35    105     0      0      1       1.0      9       6.3
    FEPa,b,d      2-64     143   136    95.1     40      33      82.5    132    92.3    36    107     1       2.8     10      9.3    N/A    N/A
   CAZa,c      2-64     141   136    96.5     30      25      83.3    136    96.5    38    103     3       7.9      2       1.9    N/A    N/A
  MEMa,d,e     1-16     144   136    94.4     25      17      68.0    127    88.2    25    102     0      0      2       2.0     15      10.4
    TZPa      4-256    138   133    96.4     27      22      81.5    130    94.2    30    101     0      0      0       0       8       5.8
 aUsing an expanded reference range, EA was reduced as follows due to lack of EA for very high or very low MICs: aztreonam 91.0%, ceftazidime 92.2%, cefepime 83.2%,
 piperacillin-tazobactam 93.5%, meropenem 93.1%.
 bThe observed major and very major error rates for cefepime when testing P. aeruginosa are 9.3% and 2.8% respectively.  Based on the essential agreement and lack of an
 intermediate breakpoint for cefepime, the adjusted major error rate is 1.9% and the adjusted very major error rate is 0%.
 cThe observed very major error rate for ceftazidime when testing P. aeruginosa is 7.9%. Based on the essential agreement and lack of an intermediate breakpoint for ceftazidime,
 the adjusted very major error rate is 2.6%.
 dWhen not in exact agreement, cefepime and meropenem MIC results for P. aeruginosa tended to be at least one doubling dilution higher than the reference method, which increases
 the potential for major errors.
 eThe observed low category agreement was due to the occurrence of a high number of minor errors.

AST performance met all acceptance criteria for aztreonam and piperacillin-tazobactam. For ceftazidime, all acceptance criteria were
met except for the very major discrepancy rate, which was 3/38 (7.9%). However, based on the essential agreement and lack of an
intermediate breakpoint for ceftazidime, the adjusted very major error rate is 2.6%. For cefepime, all acceptance criteria were met except
for the very major and major discrepancy rates, which were 1/36 (2.8%) and 10/107 (9.3%), respectively. However, based on the
essential agreement and lack of an intermediate breakpoint for cefepime, the adjusted major error rate is 1.9% and the adjusted very
major error rate is 0%. Meropenem met all AST acceptance criteria except for categorical agreement at 127/144 (88.2%). Low
categorical agreement for meropenem was attributed to the occurrence of a high number of minor errors. Daily quality control test
results were all within the expected MIC range for each of the five antimicrobials.


                                                                                                              Page 20 of 21

K192665
                                                                         September 9, 2020

      Reproducibility Testing
    An internal reproducibility study was conducted according to FDA’s AST Class II Special
      Controls guidance. Isolates were selected such that the complete set contained at least ten
       isolates per antimicrobial (aztreonam, cefepime, ceftazidime, meropenem and piperacillintazobactam) whose modal MIC result could be expected to be on-scale.  Isolates were
      cultured from frozen stock and used to spike blood culture bottles. Bottles were incubated
       until positive on a BD BACTEC® blood culture monitoring system. On each day of testing,
       three samples from the same positive blood culture bottle were run on three separate
      Accelerate Pheno™ systems. The same three systems were used for each isolate on all days
      of testing.  Positive blood cultures were additionally sub-cultured for purity on trypticase
      soy agar plates, which were incubated at 35˚C for 18-24 hours. QC testing was conducted
     on each day of reproducibility testing using the Accelerate PhenoTest™ BC AST QC test.
      Best and worst-case EA rates were calculated for each antimicrobial-isolate combination as
      well as for each antimicrobial across all isolates whose modal MIC result for the same
      antimicrobial was on-scale. Best-case EA rate with the modal result was expected to be at
       least 95%.

     As shown in Table 4 below, reproducibility was ≥95% for all antimicrobials with P.
      aeruginosa, with the exception of piperacillin-tazobactam. For this antimicrobial, two P.
      aeruginosa isolates were found to be highly variable in their response to piperacillintazobactam. Removal of these isolates provided 96.4% best case and 93.3% worst case
       results. All daily QC runs produced passing results.

      Table 4: Reproducibility of AST assay for P. aeruginosa with beta lactams; Best
     and Worst Case Reproducibility
                       Best Case       Best Case      Worst Case     Worst Case
          Antibiotic       Totals       Percentage         Totals         Percentage
        Aztreonam      171/180        95.0%          165/180          91.7%
         Ceftazidime     143/150        95.3%          134/150          89.3%
         Cefepime      175/180        97.2%          175/180          97.2%
       Meropenem     115/120        95.8%          105/120          87.5%
          Piperacillintazobactama     180/195        92.3%          175/195          89.7%
       aTwo P. aeruginosa isolates were found to be highly variable in their response to piperacillin-tazobactam; removal
         of these isolates provided the following reproducibility results: best case 96.4%, worst case 93.3%.

Clinical Study Summary
No clinical testing was performed to support a substantial equivalence determination for the
aztreonam, cefepime, ceftazidime, meropenem and piperacillin-tazobactam assay modifications.

                                                                            Page 21 of 21