CuraCloud Corp.                                                       April 13, 2020
℅ Yarmela Pavlovic
Regulatory Counsel
Manatt, Phelps & Phillips, LLP
One Embarcadero Center
30th Floor
SAN FRANCISCO CA 94111

Re: K192167
    Trade/Device Name: CuraRad-ICH
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: March 24, 2020
    Received: March 24, 2020

Dear Yarmela Pavlovic:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K192167 - Yarmela Pavlovic                                                            Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                          Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
  Food and Drug Administration                                                            Expiration Date: January 31, 2017
  Indications for Use                                           See PRA Statement on last page

510(k) Number (if known)
  K192167

Device Name

CuraRad-ICH
Indications for Use (Describe)

CuraRad-ICH is a software workflow tool designed to aid in prioritizing the clinical assessment of adult non-contrast head
CT cases with features suggestive of acute intracranial hemorrhage. CuraRad-ICH analyzes cases using deep learning
algorithms to identify suspected ICH findings.  It makes case-level output available to a PACS/workstation for worklist
prioritization or triage.

CuraRad-ICH is not intended to direct attention to specific portions of an image or to anomalies other than acute ICH. Its
results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making nor is it intended to rule out
hemorrhage or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CT studies.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                     Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       ☐Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including
          the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and
         complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
          other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human
                                           Services Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number


FORM FDA 3881 (8/14)                             Page 1 of 1                                   PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF
                                                                                               78                                             1

510(k) SUMMARY
                              CuraCloud’s CuraRad-ICH

                                                                 K192167Submitter
      CuraCloud Corp.
      999 Third Ave, Suite 700
        Seattle, WA 98104

      Phone: (206) 508-1036
       Contact Person: Xiaoxiao Liu, Ph.D.

      Date Prepared:  April 3, 2020

Name of Device: CuraRad-ICH
Classification Name: Radiological Computer-Assisted Triage and Notification Software
Regulatory Class: Class II
Product Code: QAS
Predicate Device: MaxQ-AI Ltd. Accipolx (K182177).

Device Description

      CuraRad-ICH is software as a medical device (SaMD) that detects intracranial hemorrhage
       (ICH) condition by analyzing non-contrast CT images. The software needs to be integrated
        with a third-party worklist application to receive analysis requests and the corresponding
     DICOM images, and return the ICH findings (whether suspected ICH is found) to the worklist
        to alert the radiologists.

       For ICH patients, immediate emergency diagnosis and treatment is critical for saving their lives
      and later recovery. Thus, it is very important to triage and identify ICH patients in a speedy
      manner in order to prioritize their treatment. Computed tomography (CT) is a non-invasive
      and effective diagnosis imaging approach to detect ICH. Acute Intracranial hemorrhage can
      be recognized on non-contrast CT scans since blood has higher density (Hounsfield unit, HU)
       than other brain tissues but lower than that of bones. Radiologists are able to identify ICH and
       determine the location and severity of any such bleeding from the intensity patterns presented
         in the images.

      To help radiologists triage and prioritize reading of images for patients with ICH, CuraRad-ICH
      uses deep learning methods to automatically detect acute ICH in non-contrast head CT scans.
      The software analyzes the input image and returns a binary prediction as to whether the exam
       suggests the presence of acute ICH.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

      CuraRad-ICH is a software workflow tool designed to aid in prioritizing the clinical
      assessment of adult non-contrast head CT cases with features suggestive of acute
        intracranial hemorrhage. CuraRad-ICH analyzes cases using deep learning algorithms to

identify suspected ICH findings.  It makes case-level output available to a PACS/workstation
         for worklist prioritization or triage.

      CuraRad-ICH is not intended to direct attention to specific portions of an image or to
       anomalies other than acute ICH. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone
       basis for clinical decision-making nor is it intended to rule out hemorrhage or otherwise
       preclude clinical assessment of CT studies.

Summary of Technological Characteristics

      The core technology of this software is a deep learning algorithm trained on non-contrast head
     CT scans with ICH ground truth provided by experienced radiologists. The algorithm utilizes
      an end-to-end trainable 3D classification framework for automatic ICH detection.

      The predicate device and the subject device both use deep learning algorithms to detect a predefined clinical condition of the brain. Both devices analyze head CT scans immediately after
       the patient is scanned and works in parallel to and in conjunction with the standard of care
       workflow. Both devices use the results of its respective detection algorithm to automatically
        triage and enable prioritization of CT scans for radiologist review, thereby creating an
        opportunity for earlier diagnosis and treatment of ICH. Although the algorithms differ between
       the two devices, this difference does not raise any new questions of safety or effectiveness as
       the core question remains the accuracy of the respective algorithms in detecting ICH.

        In addition, both devices are PACS agnostic and can work with any PACS and RIS system.
       Both devices also flag the suspected ICH on the DICOM images for the radiologist to review.

                       CuraRad-ICH                   Accipiolx
    Manufacturer        CuraCloud Corporation        MaxQ AI
    Intended Clinical      Radiologists/Trained Clinicians    Radiologists/Trained Clinicians
    End User
     Clinical Condition    Acute Intracranial hemorrhage    Acute Intracranial hemorrhage
    Independent of       Yes; No cases are removed      Yes; No cases are removed
    standard of care      from worklist                    from worklist
    workflow
     AI Used            Yes                        Yes
     Input Image          Non-contrast Head CT           Non-contrast Head CT
    Modality
    Non-Diagnostic     No                      No
    Preview
    Output              Suspected ICH (Yes or No)      Suspected ICH (Yes or No)
    Results Receiver     PACS/Workstation              PACS/Workstation

Performance Data

      CuraCloud conducted a retrospective, blinded, multisite clinical validation study with CuraRadICH. The primary endpoint evaluates the performance of the software in identifying ICH
        findings from non-contrast head CT scans on a validation dataset of 388 CT studies (213
        positives and 175 negatives) from 296 imaging facilities across 48 states in the US.

      The observed ICH detection sensitivity was 90.6% (95% CI: 85.9%–94.2%), and specificity
      was 93.1% (95% CI: 88.3%–96.4%), demonstrating  that CuraRad-ICH yielded  clinical
       meaningful results and met the pre-specified criteria for study success on the clinical validation
        dataset.

      The Positive Predictive Value (PPV) and negative predictive value (NPV) of CuraRad ICH
      were also evaluated. Given that ICH prevalence is not well established and may vary from
         site to site, analysis was conducted using both low (1%) and high (15%) estimated clinical
       prevalence, as well as the actual prevalence from the retrospective study. At a prevalence rate
         of 1%, PPV was 11.8% (95% CI: 7.2%-18.8%) and NPV was 99.9% (95% CI: 99.8%-100%). At a
       prevalence rate of 15%, PPV was 70% (95% CI: 57.4%-80.1%) and NPV was 98.3% (95% CI:
       97.4%-98.8%). At a prevalence rate of 54.9%, PPV was 89.1% (95% CI: 84.3%-92.5%) and NPV
      was 91.8% (88.6%-94.3%). The NPV was very high across all estimated prevalence rates and, as
       expected, PPV varied significantly, but was reasonable across prevalence estimates given the
         relative expected rarity of the condition.

        In accordance with FDA’s recommendations, stratified analyses were also performed by slice
        thickness, the number of detector rows and scanner manufacturers. Examining slice thickness
      up to and including 4.0 mm versus slice thickness greater than 4.0 mm, ICH detection
         sensitivity was 92.2% and 89.1%  respectively, while  specificity was 98.7% and 93%
        respectively. No significant statistical difference was observed between the performance of
       the two slice thickness groups. Evaluating performance by detector rows also did not produce
      any  statistically notable differences, with  sensitivity ranging from 88.4% to 92.9% and
         specificity ranging from 89.8% to 97.4%.  Additionally, no statistically significant differences
      were revealed when analyzing performance by imaging equipment manufacturer.

      The secondary endpoint evaluates the system processing time of the device based on the
      same validation dataset. The observed system processing time per study is 43 seconds
       (95%CI: 39~46) in average, with a median time of 33 seconds and a standard deviation of 32
       seconds. The minimum observed system processing time was 16 seconds, and the maximum
       observed processing time was 301 seconds.

      Based on the clinical performance as documented in the pivotal clinical study, CuraRad-ICH
      has a safety and effectiveness profile that is similar to the predicate device.

Conclusions

      CuraRad-ICH is as safe and effective as the MaxQ’s Accipiolx. CuraRad-ICH has the same
       intended uses and indications, technological characteristics, and principles of operation as its
       predicate device. In addition, the minor technological differences between CuraRad-ICH and
          its predicate device raise no new issues of safety or effectiveness.  Performance data
       demonstrate that CuraRad-ICH is as safe and effective as the predicate. Thus, CuraRad-ICH
         is substantially equivalent.