Zebra Medical Vision, Ltd.                                    November 26, 2019
℅ Flair Bar
VP Operations
Shefayim Commercial Center
PO Box 25
Shefayim, 6099000
ISRAEL

Re: K192320
    Trade/Device Name: HealthCXR
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer-assisted prioritization software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QFM
    Dated: November 3, 2019
    Received: November 6, 2019

Dear Flair Bar:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K192320 - Flair Bar                                                                   Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K192320

Device Name
HealthCXR


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Zebra HealthCXR device is a software workflow tool designed to aid the clinical assessment of adult Chest X-Ray
cases with features suggestive of pleural effusion in the medical care environment. HealthCXR analyzes cases using an
artificial intelligence algorithm to identify suspected findings. It makes case-level output available to a PACS/workstation
for worklist prioritization or triage. HealthCXR is not intended to direct attention to specific portions or anomalies of an
image. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making nor is it intended to rule
out pleural effusion or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of X-Ray cases.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

5. 510 (k) Summary

                          510(K) Summary - HealthCXR
                           Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.

                              510(k) Number – K192320


     I.     Applicant’s Name:   Flair Bar, VP Operations
                     Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.
                    Shefayim Commercial Center
               PO Box 25
                     Shefayim, 6099000
                ISRAEL
                     Telephone: +972-9-8827795
                      Fax: +972-9-8827795


         Date Prepared: November 22, 2019

    II.    Device

         Trade Name:   HealthCXR

           Classification Name:
       QFM - Radiological Computer-Assisted Prioritization Software

          Regulation Number:
          892.2080

            Classification:
           Class II, Radiology


    III.   Predicate Device:
The HealthCXR device is substantially equivalent to the following device:

Proprietary Name         HealthPNX
Premarket Notification     K190362
Classification Name         Radiological Computer-Assisted Prioritization Software
Regulation Number        21 CFR 892.2080
Product Code         QFM
Regulatory Class               II


   IV.   Device Description


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                                  5-1

The HealthCXR solution is a software product that automatically identifies suspected findings on
chest x-rays  (e.g. pleural effusion) and notifies PACS/workstation of the presence of this critical
finding in the scan. This notification allows for worklist prioritization of the identified scan and
assists clinicians in viewing the prioritized scan before others. The device aim is to aid in
prioritization and triage of radiological medical images only.

The software is automatic and is capable of analyzing PA or AP chest x-rays. If a suspected
finding is found in a scan, the alert is automatically sent to the PACS/workstation used by the
radiologist or to a standalone desktop application in parallel with the ongoing standard of care.
The PACS/workstation prioritizes and displays the study through its worklist interface. The
standalone desktop application, Zebra Worklist, includes a compressed preview image meant for
informational purposed only and is not intended for diagnostic use.

The HealthCXR device works in parallel to and in conjunction with the standard care of
workflow. After a chest x-ray has been performed, a copy of the study is automatically retrieved
and processed by the HealthCXR device. The device performs the analysis of the study and
returns a notification about the relevant pathology to the PACS/workstation which prioritizes it
through the worklist interface or alternatively, the Zebra Worklist will notify the user through the
standalone desktop application. The clinician is then able to review the study earlier than in
standard of care workflow.

The software does not recommend treatment or provide a diagnosis. It is meant as a tool to assist
in improved workload prioritization of critical cases. The final diagnosis  is provided by a
radiologist after reviewing the scan itself.

The following modules compose the HealthCXR software for Pleural Effusion:

Data input and validation: Following retrieval of a study, the validation feature assessed the

input data (i.e. age, modality, view) to ensure compatibility for processing by the algorithm.

Pleural Effusion algorithm: Once a study has been validated, the algorithm analyzes the frontal

chest x-ray for detection of suspected finding suggestive of pleural effusion.

IMA Integration feature: The study analysis and the results of a successful study analysis is

provided to IMA, to then be sent to the PACS/workstation for prioritization.

Error codes feature: In the case of a study failure during data validation or the analysis by the
algorithm, an error is provided to the system.

   V.    Intended Use/Indication for Use:

The Zebra HealthCXR device is a software workflow tool designed to aid the clinical assessment
of adult Chest X-Ray cases with features suggestive of pleural effusion in the medical care

Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                                  5-2

environment. HealthCXR analyzes cases using an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify
suspected findings. It makes case-level output available to a PACS/workstation for worklist
prioritization or triage. HealthCXR is not intended to direct attention to specific portions or
anomalies of an image. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical
decision-making nor is  it intended to rule out pleural effusion or otherwise preclude clinical
assessment of X-Ray cases.

   VI.    Technological Characteristics Compared to Predicate Device:

The technological characteristics, e.g., overall design, mechanism of action, mode of operation,
performance characteristics, etc., and the intended use of the HealthCXR device are substantially
equivalent to the predicate device cited above.
A comparison of the technological characteristics with the predicate is summarized below.


Technological               Proposed Device               Predicate Device           Summary
Characteristics              HealthCXR            HealthPNX (K190362)


Indication for         The Zebra HealthCXR device is a  The Zebra Pneumothorax       Similar expect for lesion
Use/Intended Use       software workflow tool designed    device is a software            type
                          to aid the clinical assessment of    workflow tool designed to
                         adult Chest X-Ray cases with       aid the clinical assessment of
                          features suggestive of pleural        adult Chest X-Ray cases with
                         effusion in the medical care         features suggestive of
                       environment. HealthCXR         Pneumothorax in the medical
                       analyzes cases using an artificial    care environment.
                          intelligence algorithm to identify   HealthPNX analyzes cases
                       suspected findings. It makes case-   using an artificial intelligence
                          level output available to a          algorithm to identify
                      PACS/workstation for worklist     suspected findings.  It makes
                           prioritization or triage.              case-level output available to
                   HealthCXR is not intended to       a PACS/workstation for
                           direct attention to specific           worklist prioritization or
                         portions or anomalies of an           triage. HealthPNX is not
                      image. Its results are not intended   intended to direct attention to
                          to be used on a stand-alone basis    specific portions or
                          for clinical decision-making nor    anomalies of the image. Its
                              is it intended to rule out Pleural      results are not intended to be
                        Effusion or otherwise preclude     used on a stand-alone basis
                           clinical assessment of X-Ray        for clinical decision-making
                          cases.                            nor is it intended to rule out
                                                   Pneumothorax or otherwise
                                                          preclude clinical assessment
                                                            of X-Ray cases.
Notification-only,      Yes                         Yes                     Same
parallel workflow
tool
User                    Radiologist                        Radiologist               Same


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                                  5-3

Radiological images   DICOM                 DICOM                  Same
format


Identify patients with   Yes                         Yes                     Same
prespecified
clinical condition
Clinical condition       Pleural Effusion                 Pneumothorax                  Different but as per the
                                                                                       product classification
                                                                                                     definition, both identify
                                                                                       “time sensitive imaging.”
Alert to finding        Yes; notification flagged for       Yes; notification flagged for    Similar, HealthCXR can
                      review on hospital worklist or      review on hospital worklist.    be directly integrated for
                      Zebra list                                                               notification on the
                                                                                                hospital worklist or on
                                                                                             the Zebra list application.
                                                                              Both notifications
                                                                                          operate in parallel with
                                                                                             the standard of care.
Independent of         Yes; No cases are removed        Yes; No cases are removed    Same
standard of care        from worklist                   from worklist
workflow

Modality            X-Ray                       X-Ray                   Same

Body part             Chest                           Chest                   Same


Artificial Intelligence   Yes                         Yes                     Same
algorithm


Limited to analysis of   Yes                         Yes                     Same
imaging data


Aids prompt          Yes                         Yes                     Same
identification of
cases with indicated
findings
Preview Image          Presentation of a preview of the     Presentation of notification      Similar, HealthCXR
                       study for initial assessment, not      for initial assessment not       provides an additional
                     meant for diagnostic purposes.     meant for diagnostic           thumbnail view of the
                   The device operated in parallel      purposes. The device            original exam as preview
                       with the standard of care, which     operates in parallel with the    only on the Zebra list or
                      remains the default option for all    standard of care, which        Radiology Assistant, not
                          cases.                           remains the default option for   for diagnostic use.
                                                                          all cases.

Multiple operating      Yes; 2 optional operating points    No; single operating point       Different, but both
points                                                                                     operating points are
                                                                                                 substantially equivalent
                                                                                                  to the performance
                                                                                             predicate device and
                                                                            comply with DEN
                                                                            170073 Special control
                                                                                                                       1(iii).


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                                  5-4

Where results are     PACS / Workstation          PACS / Workstation         Same
received

   VII.  Performance Data:

Safety and performance of HealthCXR has been evaluated and verified in accordance with
software specifications and applicable performance standards through Software Development
and Validation & Verification Process to ensure performance according to specifications, User
Requirements and Federal Regulations and Guidance documents, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”.

The performance of the HealthCXR device has been validated in a performance study for triage
of time sensitive chest X-Ray cases. The data included a retrospective cohort of 554 anonymized
Chest X-ray cases from the USA and Israel, including 276 cases positive for Pleural Effusion and
278 cases negative for Pleural Effusion, as well as confounding imaging factors. The validation
data set was truthed (ground truth) by three US Board-Certified Radiologists (truthers). The
stand-alone detection accuracy was measured on this cohort respective to the ground truth.

The HealthCXR device detection accuracy met the accuracy performance goals for AUC,
sensitivity, and specificity for two defined operating points. Overall, the HealthCXR was able to
demonstrate an area under the curve (AUC) of 0.9885 (95% CI: [0.9815, 0.9956]), which is both
comparable to the predicate device, and exceeds the required technical method under the QFM
product code. The device establishes effective triage based on an AUC >95%. The sensitivity
and specificity of the HealthCXR was reported for two operating points, the first for equal
sensitivity and specificity and the second operating point for a higher specificity. At both
operating points, the HealthCXR performance met the performance goal and was found to be
substantially equivalent to the predicate device, HealthPNX (K190362). The first operating point
showed a sensitivity of 96.74% (95% CI: [92.79; 96.48]) and a specificity of 93.17% (95% CI:
[89.57; 95.58]). The second, “high-specificity” operating point, reported a sensitivity of 93.84%
(95% CI: [90.36;96.12%) and a specificity of 97.12%% (95% CI: [94.43 ;98.53]).

In addition, we assessed the performance time of the HealthCXR that reflects the time it takes for
the device to analyze the study and send a notification to the worklist. The HealthCXR device
mean processing time was 27.76 seconds for the “Equal Sensitivity and Specificity” operating
point, and 20.18 seconds for the “High Specificity” operating point, a timing performance that is
substantially equivalent to the predicate. This establishes that the HealthCXR meets its intended
use statement.


   VIII.  Conclusion


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                                  5-5

The subject HealthCXR device and the HealthPNX predicate device are both software-only
devices intended to aid in triage of radiological images, independent of standard of care
workflow. The labeling of both devices are limited to the categorization of exams and are not to
be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm diagnosis.

Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not
change the original image, do not provide any marking, and do not remove cases from the
standard of care. The minor differences between the subject device and the predicate raise no
new issues of safety or effectiveness. In addition, performance testing demonstrates that the
HealthCXR performs as intended. The HealthCXR device is therefore substantially equivalent to
the HealthPNX predicate.


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                                  5-6