GE Hangwei Medical Systems, Co., Ltd.                               January 16, 2020
℅ Yonghui Han
Regulatory Affairs Leader
West Area of Building No.3, No.1 Yongchang North Road
Beijing, 100176
CHINA

Re: K192956
    Trade/Device Name: Auto Positioning
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed tomography x-ray system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: October 18, 2019
    Received: October 21, 2019

Dear Yonghui Han:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K192956 - Yonghui Han                                                                Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Section 4: Indications for Use Statement
Auto Positioning
41

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
 K192956

Device Name
Auto Positioning


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Auto Positioning feature provides an alternate, streamlined and efficient workflow and performs quality and safety
checks for the CT technologist in setting up CT examinations up to the initiation of the first scout scan.

Auto Positioning acquires 3D spatial information of the individual patient on the table and combines it with information
from the selected protocol to automatically calculate and visually display the scout’s start and end locations. Concurrently
it checks for proper patient orientation, determines the table height for optimum patient centering, and checks for potential
contact between the patient and the gantry. Upon acceptance by the technologist the patient is automatically moved to the
correct scout start location.

Use of Auto Positioning is intended to provide consistent patient positioning for optimal image quality and automatic
exposure control.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

                                                                  4-2

K192956
GE Healthcare e
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission for Auto Positioning
510(k) Summary
Auto Positioning

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission for Auto Positioning
510(k) Summary
This 510(k) summary of Safety and Effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the
requirement of 21 CFR Part 807.87(h).
In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:
(Date: ———SSSSSS~«*di October 19, 2019
Submitter: GE Hangwei Medical System Co.,Ltd
West Area of Building No.3, No.1 Yongchang North
Road, Beijing Economic and Technological
Development Area, BEING 100176 CHINA
Primary Contact Person: Mr. Yonghui Han
Regulatory Affairs Leader
GE Healthcare
Phone Number: (86)-10-57083350
e-mail: yonghui.han@ge.com
Secondary Contact Persons: John Jaeckle
Chief Regulatory Affairs Engineer and Strategist
GE Healthcare
Phone Number: 262-424-9547
e-mail: John.Jaeckle.com
Helen Peng
Sr Regulatory Affairs Director
GE Healthcare
Phone Number: 262-4248222
e-mail: hong.peng@ge.com
Classification Names: Computed Tomography X-ray System,
21CFR892.1750 (Class II)
Product Code: 90-JAK
Manufacturer GE Hangwei Medical System Co.,Ltd
West Area of Building No.3, No.1 Yongchang North
Road, Beijing Economic and Technological
Development Area, BEIJING 100176 CHINA
2 of 8

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission for Auto Positioning

Predict Device:

510 (K) number K131576

Regualation Number/ Computed Tomography X-ray System, 21 CFR 892.1750 /

Classification Class II

Product Code 90-JAK
Reference Device:

510 (K) number K173630

Regualation Number/ Computed Tomography X-ray System, 21 CFR 892.1750 /

Classification Class II

Product Code 90-JAK
Reference Device:

510 (K) number K192686

Regualation Number/ Computed Tomography X-ray System, 21 CFR 892.1750 /

Classification Class II

Product Code 90-JAK
Marketed Devices:
Auto Positioning provides both a streamlined workflow and enhanced quality and safety checks
during the exam set up process up to the initiation of the first scout scan. Auto Positioning is built
upon the existing workflow of the predicate device, GE Healthcare’ s currently marketed
Computed Tomography X-ray System Optima CT660 (K131576). It is of comparable type and
substantially equivalent to Optima CT660 and the Siemens Reference device.
Auto Positioning is a patient positioning workflow enhancement tool and intended to work
together with a GE CT System. It doesn’t change the Intended Use or the Indications for Use of

3 of 8

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission for Auto Positioning
the CT system it is used with. Auto Positioning’s Intended Use aligns and correspond with the
predicates device’s Intended Use.
Device Description:
Auto Positioning is an optional feature developed for use with GE CT systems. The purpose of this
feature is to provide both a streamlined workflow and enhanced quality and safety checks during
the exam setup process up to the initiation of the first scout scan. Incorporation of this optional
feature does not preclude the technologist from preforming the existing manual workflow on the
CT system, if desired.
Auto Positioning uses a fixed, ceiling mounted, off the shelf, 2D/3D video camera that is capable
of determining distances to points in its field of view. It displays standard RGB video images on
the CT system’s existing gantry-mounted touchscreens. Information from the standard output of
the camera, precise spatial information of the individual CT system’s gantry and table installation
geometry, and information contained in the user-selected protocol is used to determine the
anatomical landmark location and the start and end locations for the scout scan(s).
Information from the standard output of the camera, precise spatial information of the individual
CT system’s gantry and table installation geometry, and information contained in the userselected protocol is used to determine the anatomical landmark location and the start and end
locations for the scout scan(s).
Addition functionality of Auto Positioning includes performing safety checks for patient
orientation and the potential for the patient to come into contact with the gantry while the
patient is placed into the gantry and during scanning.
Intended Use:
Auto Positioning is intended for use with head, whole body, cardiac and vascular X-ray
Computed Tomography applications.
Indications for Use:
The Auto Positioning feature provides an alternate, streamlined and efficient workflow and
performs quality and safety checks for the CT technologist in setting up CT examinations up to
the initiation of the first scout scan.
Auto Positioning acquires 3D spatial information of the individual patient on the table and
combines it with information from the selected protocol to automatically calculate and
visually display the scout’s start and end locations. Concurrently it checks for proper patient
orientation, determines the table height for optimum patient centering, and checks for
potential contact between the patient and the gantry. Upon acceptance by the technologist
the patient is automatically moved to the correct scout start location.
4 of 8

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission for Auto Positioning
Use of Auto Positioning is intended to provide consistent patient positioning for optimal
image quality and automatic exposure control.
Technology Comparison:
Auto Positioning’s functionality in setting up CT examinations is an automated version of the
existing steps in the predicate’s (and other GE CTs’) current manual workflow and does not
change the underlying principles. In addition, Auto Positioning introduces enhanced quality and
safety checks during the exam setup. At any time during the use of Auto Positioning the operator
can switch back to manual positioning.
The Auto Positioning feature can only be used with a host CT system that has a compatible gantry
touchscreen(s) and the Auto Positioning-specific software integrated onto the CT system’s host
computer. Auto Positioning’s major components consists of the ceiling mounted camera, Auto
Positioning software, calibration tools, and compatible gantry touchscreen(s).
Auto Positioning was first integrated on the GE Revolution Maxima (K192686) CT System. Auto
Positioning shares very similar technology, hardware, and functions with the corresponding
functionality of the reference device, Siemens SOMATOM CT family with FAST Integrated
Workflow (K173630).
The table below summarizes the substantive feature/technological differences between the
predicate device and the proposed device:
Predicate Device Proposed Device
Optima CT660 (K131576) Auto Positioning
Exam Setup Manual workflow to set the landmark, Automated workflow to set the
Workflow patient centering, the scout’s start and | landmark, patient centering, the scout’s
end locations, and the scout’s start start and end locations, and the scout’s
table position. start table position.
Addional, automatic safety checks for
patient orientation and patient/gantry
collision.
Use of Deep | The manual workflow for exam setup Auto Positioning uses Deep Learning
Learning for | does not utilize deep learning. CNNs to determine the scout’s landmark
exam set up location and the patient orientation
based on the standard outputs from the
2D/3D camera and the information in the
user selected protocol.
Hardware Manual patient positioning does not The Auto Positioning feature requires a
Needed to require any unique hardware beyond ceiling mounted, off the shelf 2D/3D
Support the | the what are on the CT system. camera and requires a compatible gantry
5 of 8

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission for Auto Positioning
Patient The hardware used for manual touchscreen
Positioning positioning includes: gantry alignment In corporation of the Auto Positinoing
lasers, table motion control switches on | feature does not remove or disable any
the gantry, table, and operator console. | of the functionalities for manual patient
positioning.
Patient All ages All ages
Population
Environment | Hospitals, outpatient clinics, research Hospitals, outpatient clinics, research
of Use institutions, and other clinical facilities. institutions, and other clinical facilities.
Risk Analysis:
Potential electrical and mechanical hazards are identified in risk management including hazard
analysis and controlled by:
- System verification and validation to ensure performance to specifications, Federal
Regulations, and user requirements.
- Adherence and certification to industry and international standards. (UL/CSA and IEC60601-1
Ed.3.1 and associated collateral and particular standards for CT).
The device is designed and manufactured under the Quality System Regulations of 21 CFR 820
and ISO 13485.
Testing Summary:
The Auto Positioning feature is developed and tested under the same design controls processes,
software development life cycle, risk management, and GE quality system as the predicate.
Additional engineering bench testing in support of this submission. All testing was successfully
completed without unexpected results.
Subsystem verification, system verification, and validation testing including hazard mitigation has
been performed with their results demonstrating the Auto Positioning feature meets its design
inputs and user needs. Auto Positioning meets the requirements IEC60601-1 Ed. 3.1 and its
associated collateral and particular standards.
No new hazards were identified. New causes and mitigations were identified, and their impacts
were fully tested without unexpected results. Auto Positioning was designed and will be
manufactured under the Quality System Regulations of 21CFR 820 and ISO 13485.
The following quality assurance measures have been applied to the development of the system:
¢ Risk Analysis
¢ Required Reviews
e¢ Design Reviews
6 of 8

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission for Auto Positioning
¢ Software Development Lifecycle
¢ Testing on unit level (Module verification)
¢ Integration testing (System verification)
¢ Performance testing (Verification)
¢ Safety testing (Verification)
¢ Simulated use testing (Validation)

GE believes the Auto Positioning system is of comparable type and substantially equivalent to

currently marketed system GE Optima CT660(K131576).

The substantial equivalence was also based on software documentation for a "Moderate" level of

concern device.

Summary of Additional Testing

Non-Clinical Testing:

The verification and validation testing have been successfully completed as required by design

control procedures under GE Healthcare’s quality system. This includes risk management and,

software verification and validation testing.

Because Auto Postioning is for the exam setup process up to the initiation of the first scout scan,

and does not involve diagnostic imaging or diagnostic evaluation, non-clinical bench testing is

appropriate. This testing included evaluation of the accuracy of the landmark location and the
scout scan’s start and end location. All testing met its predefined acceptance criteria.

Clinical Testing:

The Auto Positioning can be fully tested on the engineering bench thus no additional clinical

testing was required.

Determination of Substantial Equivalence

The Substantial Equivalence of the proposed device has been demonstrated by:

. Review of the proposed Indications for Use shows that it is substantially equivalent to the

predicate. Auto Positioning’s Indications for Use do not create a new Intended Use.

. The device description and the comparison of device characteristics show that Auto
Positioning does not alter energy type, operating principles, or primary control mechanisms
as compared to the predicate device.

. The bench testing demonstrates the effectivity of Auto Positioning for its use as a

streamlined, alternate CT exam setup workflow.
7 of 8

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission for Auto Positioning

. The integration of Auto Positioning does not change the IEC standards or 21CFR1020.30
& .33 compliance of the host CT system. The unmodified host CT system’s alignment lasers
remain available with the Auto Positioning feature.

. The different technological characteristics do not raise new or different questions of safety
and effectiveness. The proposed device is as safe and effective as the legally marketed
predicate device as demonstrated by the:

o software verification and validation without unexpected results;

o development under GE’s quality management system, design control activities including

risk management

o device labeling ; and

oO engineering bench testing without unexpected results.
Substantial Equivalence Conclusion:
Auto Positioning’s Indications for Use do not create a new Intended Use. Auto Positioning has
identical or equivalent technological characteristics as its predicate device and the Siemens’
reference device. There is no impact on energy type, operating principles, or primary control
mechanisms.
The Auto Positioning was developed under GE Healthcare’s quality system. Design verification,
along with bench testing included demonstrate that Auto Positioning is substantially equivalent
and hence as safe and as effective as the legally marketed predicate and reference devices. GE’s
quality system’s design, verification, and risk management processes did not identify any new
hazards, unexpected results, or adverse effects stemming from the changes to the predicate.
Based on development under GE Healthcare’s quality system, the successful verification testing
and engineering bench testing, GE Healthcare believes that Auto Positioning is substantially
equivalent to the predicate device (K131576) and the similar functionality on the Siemens
reference device (K173630), and hence is safe and effective for its intended use.

8 of 8