Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                             December 17, 2019
c/o Tabitha Estes
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
810 Innovation Drive
KNOXVILLE, TN 37932

Re: K192763
    Trade/Device Name: syngo.CT CaScoring
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-Ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: September 27, 2019
    Received: September 30, 2019

Dear Tabitha Estes:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K192763 - Tabitha Estes                                                                Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K192763
Device Name
syngo.CT CaScoring
Indications for Use (Describe)
syngo.CT CaScoring is an image analysis software package for evaluating CT data sets.
The software is designed to support the physician in evaluating and documenting calcified coronary lesions, using
standard or low-dose spiral or sequential CT scanning data sets. After loading noncontrasted cardiac CT images,
syngo.CT CaScoring can be used to interactively mark calcified coronary lesions and to allocate each lesion to one of
several coronary arteries, that is, the right coronary artery (RCA), the left main coronary artery (LM), the left anterior
descending artery (LAD), and the left circumflex artery (CX).
syngo.CT CaScoring calculates the Agatston equivalent score, the mass score and the volume score of each coronary
artery as well as the corresponding total scores across all coronary arteries. syngo.CT CaScoring allows the user to create
a paper report including the calcium scoring data, any user-documented images, cited literature and additional relevant
information.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF
Page 24 of 85

K192763

                           510(K) SUMMARY
                            FOR
                     SYNGO.CT CASCORING
                                        Submitted by:
                           Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
                                  40 Liberty Boulevard
                                        Malvern, PA 19355

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the
requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR §807.92.

I. Submitter
Importer/Distributor
Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
40 Liberty Boulevard
Malvern, PA 19355

Establishment Registration Number
2240869

Manufacturing Site
Siemens Healthcare GmbH
Siemensstr. 1
D-91301 Forchheim, Germany

Establishment Registration Number
3004977335

Contact Person
Tabitha Estes
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
Siemens Medical Solutions, Inc. USA
810 Innovation Drive
Knoxville, TN 37932
Phone: (865) 804-4553
Fax: (865) 218-3019
Email: tabitha.estes@siemens-healthineers.com

Alternate Contact:
Alaine Medio

II. Device Name and Classification
Product Name:         syngo.CT CaScoring
Propriety Trade Name:  syngo.CT CaScoring
Classification Name:    Computed Tomography X-ray System
Classification Panel:     Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.1750
Device Class:           Class II
Product Code:        90JAK


                                                                                         Page 26 of 85

III. Predicate Device
Primary Predicate Device:
Trade Name:           Calcium Scoring
510(k) Number:        K990426
Clearance Date:        05/12/1999
Classification Name:    Computed Tomography X-ray System
Classification Panel:     Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.1750
Device Class:           Class II
Product Code:        90JAK
Recall Information:      There are currently no recalls for this device.

Secondary Predicate Device:
Trade Name:          HealthCCS
510(k) Number:        K172983
Clearance Date:        06/13/2018
Classification Name:    Computed Tomography X-ray System
Classification Panel:     Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR § 892.1750
Device Class:           Class II
Product Code:        90JAK

IV. Device Description
syngo.CT CaScoring is a post processing application designed to support the physician in evaluating and
documenting calcified coronary lesions. After loading non-contrasted cardiac CT images, syngo.CT
CaScoring can be used to interactively mark calcified coronary lesions and to allocate each lesion to one
of several coronary arteries, that is, the right coronary artery (RCA), the left main coronary artery (LM), the
left anterior descending artery (LAD), and the left circumflex artery (CX). syngo.CT CaScoring calculates
the Agatston equivalent score, the mass score and the volume score of each coronary artery as well as
the corresponding total scores across all coronary arteries. syngo.CT CaScoring allows the user to create
a paper report including the calcium scoring data, any user-documented images, cited literature and
additional relevant information.
A listing of device modifications as part of the new software version SOMARIS/8 VB40 of syngo.CT
CaScoring is as follows:
    •  Updated Indications for Use Statement
    •   Support of the CaScoring algorithm to precompute the calcium score
    •   Support of Rapid Results Technology for the CaScoring algorithm

V. Indications for Use
syngo.CT CaScoring is an image analysis software package for evaluating CT data sets.
The software is designed to support the physician in evaluating and documenting calcified coronary
lesions, using standard  or low-dose  spiral  or  sequential CT scanning data  sets.  After  loading
noncontrasted cardiac CT images, syngo.CT CaScoring can be used to interactively mark calcified
coronary lesions and to allocate each lesion to one of several coronary arteries, that is, the right coronary
artery (RCA), the left main coronary artery (LM), the left anterior descending artery (LAD), and the left
circumflex artery (CX).
syngo.CT CaScoring calculates the Agatston equivalent score, the mass score and the volume score of
each coronary artery as well as the corresponding total scores across all coronary arteries. syngo.CT
CaScoring allows the user to create a paper report including the calcium scoring data, any userdocumented images, cited literature and additional relevant information.

VI. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device
syngo.CT CaScoring is a post-processing application operating on the multi-user syngo.via client/server
platform. It provides the same fundamental technology as the primary predicate device Calcium Scoring


                                                                                         Page 27 of 85

(e. g. evaluation and documentation of calcified coronary lesions, calculation of the Agatston equivalent
score). The automated calcium scoring algorithm which  is implemented  in the software version
SOMARIS/8 VB40 of the subject device is equivalent to the secondary predicate device HealthCCS. The
automatic calcium scoring algorithm works in the same manner as cleared with the secondary predicate
device. From a functional perspective there are no differences. The difference between the subject device
and the secondary predicate device is, syngo.CT CaScoring can send DICOM data to any generic DICOM
viewer. This information flow has been realized for other Siemens post-processing applications (e.g.
syngo.CT Single Source Dual Energy (Twin Beam), K163289, clearance date 02/09/2017).
The differences between the above referenced predicate devices are described at a high-level in the table
below:

           Feature                   Subject Device                Predicate Devices
                                  syngo.CT CaScoring               Calcium Scoring
                                                                K990426
                                                                 HealthCCS
                                                                K172983
  Automated Calcium Scoring   Assignment of a probability of a    The technology is equivalent to
   Evaluation                    candidate being a coronary        HealthCCS:
                                       calcification based on location      Assignment of a probability of a
                                    within the heart, density, shape      candidate being a coronary
                            and similar properties: if the           calcification based on location
                                     probability of a candidate is           within the heart, density, shape
                                 higher than a predefined          and similar properties: if the
                                   threshold, the candidate is            probability of a candidate is
                                    labelled as a calcification.           higher than a predefined
                                     In addition, results of the             threshold, the candidate is
                                  evaluation can be sent via Rapid     labelled as a calcification.
                                Results Technology any generic
                       DICOM viewer.
   Browsing, selecting, and      Yes                         Yes
   displaying images for
   searching calcium
   regions/lesions
   Interactive definition of ROIs   Yes                         Yes
  and assignment of the four
  major coronary arteries (LM,
  LAD,CRC and RCA) to the
   lesions
   Displaying the score in form   Yes                         Yes
   of result tables/reports on
  paper and/or film
  Pan and Zoom             Yes                         Yes
   functionality/windowing
   Reformatting               Yes                         Yes
  Comparison of Score to      Yes                         Yes
   Cited Literature

The subject device syngo.CT CaScoring does not have changes in fundamental scientific technology
compared to the predicate devices. The post-processing software functionality remains unchanged from
the subject device and the predicate devices. The operating principle and the scientific technology are the
same; therefore, Siemens believes that syngo.CT CaScoring application is substantially equivalent to the
predicate devices.


VII. Performance Data
Software Verification and Validation
Software Documentation for a Moderate Level of Concern software per FDA’s Guidance Document
“Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices” issued
on May 11, 2005 is also included as part of this submission.


                                                                                         Page 28 of 85

Non-Clinical/Clinical Testing Summary
Performance tests were conducted to test the functionality of the syngo.CT CaScoring. These tests have
been performed to test the ability of the included features of the subject device. The results of these tests
demonstrate that the subject device performs as intended. The result of all conducted testing was found
acceptable to support the claim of substantial equivalence.
General Safety and Effectiveness Concerns
The device labeling contains instructions for use and any necessary cautions and warnings to provide for
safe and effective use of the device. Risk management is ensured via a hazard analysis, which is used to
identify potential hazards. These potential hazards are controlled during development, verification and
validation testing.
syngo.CT CaScoring is designed to  fulfill the requirements of the following safety and performance
standards:

  Recognition    Product                 Title of Standard              Publicatio   Standards
    Number       Area                                      n Date    Developme
                                                                                           nt
                                                                                 Organizatio
                                                                       n
     12-300      Radiology    Digital Imaging and Communications in     06/27/2016    NEMA
                             Medicine (DICOM) Set; PS 3.1 – 3.20
      13-32       Software    Medical Device Software –Software Life    08/20/2012   AAMI, ANSI,
                             Cycle Processes; 62304:2006 (1st                        IEC
                                  Edition)
      5-40        Software/   Medical devices – Application of risk       08/20/2012      ISO
                   Informatics  management to medical devices; 14971
                          Second Edition 2007-03-01
      5-114       General I   Medical devices - Part 1: Application of      2/23/2016       IEC
                (QS/RM)    usability engineering to medical devices
                          IEC 62366-1:2015

For the new feature automated calcium scoring evaluation, a bench test has been conducted to show it
performs as intended. The algorithm was successfully executed on all test data. An adequate overall
accuracy of the prediction of the calcium risk category was found.
This submission contains performance data to demonstrate continued conformance with special controls
for medical devices containing software. Non-clinical tests (integration and functional) were conducted for
syngo.CT CaScoring to establish the proficiency of the features of the subject device. The results of these
tests demonstrate that the subject device performs as intended. The result of all conducted testing was
found acceptable to support the claim of substantial equivalence.


VIII. Conclusions
syngo.CT CaScoring has the same intended use and similar indication for use as the predicate devices.
The technological characteristics such as evaluation and documentation of calcified coronary lesions are
the same as the predicate device. The result of all testing conducted was found acceptable to support the
claim  of  substantial  equivalence. The  comparison  of  technological  characteristics,  non-clinical
performance data, and software validation demonstrates that the subject device is as safe and effective
when compared to the predicate device that is currently marketed for the same intended use. For the
subject device, syngo.CT CaScoring, Siemens used the same testing with the same workflows as used to
clear the predicate device. Siemens considers syngo.CT CaScoring to be as safe, as effective and with
performance substantially equivalent to the commercially available predicate devices.


                                                                                         Page 29 of 85