Ezra AI Inc.                                                           July 10, 2020
℅ Mr. David Girard
Quality Manager
79 Madison Ave., Ste 545
NEW YORK NY 10016

Re: K192969
    Trade/Device Name: Ezra Plexo Software
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: June 9, 2020
    Received: June 11, 2020

Dear Mr. Girard:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K192969 – Mr. David Girard                                                            Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEAL TH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                                                                        See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use
51 O(k) Number (if known)
 K192969
Device Name
Ezra Plexo Software


Indications for Use (Describe)
Ezra Plexo Software is a medical diagnostic application for viewing, manipulation, 3D- visualization, and comparison of
MR medical images. The images can be viewed in a number of output formats including volume rendering.

Ezra Plexo Software enables visualization of information that would otherwise have to be visually compared disjointedly.

Ezra Plexo Software is designed to support the oncological workflow by helping the user to confirm the absence or
presence of lesions, including evaluation, quantification, and documentation of any such lesions.

Note: The clinician retains the ultimate responsibility for making the pertinent diagnosis based on their standard practices
and visual comparison of the separate unregistered images. Ezra Plexo Software is a complement to these standard
procedures.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                IZJ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (7117)                             Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF
                                                                                                      Page 15

K192969


1  510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary is in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act (SMDA)
of 1990. The content of this 510(k) summary is provided in conformance with 21 CFR Part 807.92.

1.1  Submitter Information

             Submitter’s Name   Ezra AI Inc.
                     Address  79 Madison Avenue, Suite 545, New York, NY, 10016 USA
           Telephone Number   888-402-3972
              Contact Person  David Girard
 Date of Summary Preparation   July 2, 2020

1.2  Subject Device Information

                 Device Name   Ezra Plexo Software
           Common Name   Plexo
                    Classification    II
                Review Panel   Radiology
               Product Code  QIH
                   Regulations   892.2050 - Automated radiological image processing software


1.3  Predicate Device Information

                 Device Name   Arterys Oncology DL
               510(k) Number  K173542


                                            Ezra AI Inc. K192969                                           1

2  Device Description

Ezra Plexo is a medical image application for 2D and 3D visualization, comparison, and manipulation of
medical images. Plexo can be accessed through a web browser. It provides radiologists the ability to view
and manipulate volumetric data such as MRI. The product allows volumetric segmentation of regions of
interest, while enabling users to edit such segmentations and to take quantitative measurements.

Plexo does not interface directly with the MR scanner or any other data collection equipment. Instead,
it uploads data files previously generated by such equipment.  Its functionality is independent of the
acquisition equipment vendor. Its analysis results are available on screen and can be saved for review.

3  Indications for Use

Ezra Plexo Software is a medical diagnostic application for viewing, manipulation, 3D-visualization, and
comparison of medical MR images. The images can be viewed in a number of output formats including
volume rendering.

Ezra Plexo Software enables visualization of information that would otherwise have to be visually compared disjointedly.

Ezra Plexo Software is designed to support the oncological workflow by helping the user confirm the
absence or presence of lesions, including evaluation, quantification, and documentation of any such
lesions.

Note: The clinician retains the ultimate responsibility for making the pertinent diagnosis based on their
standard practices and visual comparison of the separate unregistered images. Ezra Plexo Software is a
complement to these standard procedures.


                                            Ezra AI Inc. K192969                                           2

4  Summary of Technological
    Characteristics Comparison

Table 1 shows that Plexo Software and the Predicate Device (K173542) are equivalent in technological
characteristics.

                      Subject Device:                    Predicate Device:
 Feature             Ezra Plexo Software                Arterys Oncology DL
                                                   (K173542)
 Platform             Chrome Desktop                         Client-server, Chrome Desktop
 DICOM Compliant     Yes                                 Yes
 Type of Scans      MR                          MR, CT
                       Pan, zoom, rotate, slice scroll (view   Pan, zoom, rotate, slice scroll (view
 Image Navigation       multiple slices)                          multiple slices)
 Tools                  Adjust window level, minimize/maxi-   Adjust window level, minimize/maximize                               mize
                          Orientation labels, scroll sync, ruler     Orientation labels, cross-reference indicator
 Image Display Modes   Yes, static                              Yes, static and cine
 Text  Annotation  on   Yes                                 Yes
 the Image
                    Can select a viewport layout         Can select a viewport layout
 Layout
                      and add series to it                  and add series to it
 2D Image Review       Yes                                 Yes
 3D Image Review       Yes, 3D review of segmented region     Yes, 3D review of the full image
 Create MPR Images   No                                 Yes
 Manual Segmentation   Yes                                 Yes
 2D  Semi-Automated   Yes, available only for MR prostate   Yes, available only for lung CT and
 Segmentation           studies                                         liver MR studies
  Linear Dimension Cal-   Yes                                 Yes
  culation
 Volume Calculation     Yes                                 Yes

                      Table 1: Subject and Predicate Device Comparison


                                            Ezra AI Inc. K192969                                           3

5  Performance Testing

The Ezra Plexo Software has been developed in a manner consistent with accepted standards for software
development and evaluated in accordance with design specifications and applicable performance standards
through software verification, validation, and usability testing.

The nonclinical software validation tests were performed on 150 patient exams utilizing consensus ground
truth created by five U.S. board certified expert radiologists.

The test results demonstrated that the Ezra Plexo Software performs to its intended use, is deemed
acceptable for clinical use, and does not introduce new questions of safety or efficacy. The testing was
conducted in accordance to the software validation/verification plans and protocols. A full description
of the software functionality, device hazard analysis, software requirements, verification, validation and
usability study is provided in this submission.

6  Conformance Standards

There are no applicable FDA mandated performance standards for this device.  However, voluntary
standards have been utilized in the production of the software. The device was designed and developed
in accordance to the following conformance standards:

   • ISO 14971:2007- Medical devices - Application of risk management to medical devices

   • IEC 62304:2006/A1:2015 - Medical device software - Software life cycle processes

   • IEC 62366-1:2015 - Medical Devices - Application of usability engineering to medical devices

   • NEMA PS 3.1-3.20 (2016) - Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) set

7  Substantial Equivalence Conclusion

The Ezra Plexo Software has the same intended use and similar technological characteristics as the
predicate Arterys Oncology DL (K173542) device. As demonstrated in this submission, the subject and
predicate device are identical in indications for use and intended use. The subject Ezra Plexo Software is
substantially equivalent to the predicate Arterys Oncology DL (K173542) device, and the minor differences
in the technological characteristics of the subject and predicate device do not raise any new or different
questions of safety and effectiveness.


                                            Ezra AI Inc. K192969                                           4