Screenpoint Medical B.V.                                      December 10, 2019
℅ Umar Waqas, Ph.D.
Regulatory Officer
Mercator II, 7th floor, Toernooiveld 300
6525 EC Nijmegen, Gelderland
THE NETHERLANDS

Re: K192287
    Trade/Device Name: TransparaTM
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2090
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer assisted detection and diagnosis software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QDQ
    Dated: October 30, 2019
    Received: November 1, 2019

Dear Dr. Waqas:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K192287 - Umar Waqas, Ph.D.                                                          Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K192287
Device Name
Transpara
Indications for Use (Describe)
The ScreenPoint Transpara™ system is intended for use as a concurrent reading aid for physicians interpreting screening
mammograms from compatible FFDM systems, to identify regions suspicious for breast cancer and assess their likelihood
of malignancy. Output of the device includes marks placed on suspicious soft tissue lesions and suspicious calcifications;
region-based scores, displayed upon the physician’s query, indicating the likelihood that cancer is present in specific
regions; and an overall score indicating the likelihood that cancer is present on the mammogram. Patient management
decisions should not be made solely on the basis of analysis by Transpara™.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
[x] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) {_] Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Summary Transpara™  K192287

This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is prepared in accordance
with the requirements of 21 CFR § 807.92.


1. Submitter

Manufacturer:

ScreenPoint Medical B.V.


Mercator II, 7th floor

Toernooiveld 300

6525 EC Nijmegen

Netherlands

www.screenpoint-medical.com


Contact person:

Umar Waqas

Office: +31 24 3030045 | +31 24 2020020

Mobile: +31 6 44077104

Mercator II, 7th floor, Toernooiveld 300, 6525 EC Nijmegen, Netherlands

Date:

December 10, 2019


TransparaTM 510(k) Submission

2. Device

 Device trade name           Transpara™
 Device                         Radiological Computer Assisted Detection and
                               Diagnosis Software
 Classification regulation       21 CFR 892.2090
 Panel                        Radiology
 Device class                                II
 Product code           QDQ
 Submission type                 Traditional 510(k)


3. Legally marketed predicate device


 Device trade name           Transpara™ 1.3.0 (K181704)
 Legal Manufacturer            ScreenPoint Medical B.V.
 Device                         Radiological Computer Assisted Detection and
                               Diagnosis Software
 Classification regulation       21 CFR 892.2090
 Panel                        Radiology
 Device class                                II
 Product code           QDQ


4. Device description

Transpara™ is a software-only device for aiding radiologists with the detection and
diagnosis of breast cancer in mammograms. The product consists of a processing server
and an optional viewer. The software applies algorithms for recognition of suspicious
calcifications and soft tissue lesions, which are trained with large databases of biopsy
proven examples of breast cancer, benign lesions and normal tissue. Processing results
of Transpara™ can be transmitted to external destinations, such as medical imaging
workstations or archives, using the DICOM mammography CAD SR protocol. This allows
PACS workstations to implement the interface of Transpara™ in mammography reading
applications.


TransparaTM 510(k) Submission

Transpara™ automatically processes mammograms and the output of the device can be
used by radiologists concurrently with the reading of mammograms. The user interface of
Transpara™ has different functions:

   a) Activation of computer aided detection (CAD) marks to highlight locations where
      the device detected suspicious calcifications or soft tissue lesions. Only the most
      suspicious soft tissue lesions are marked to achieve a very low false positive rate.
   b) Regions can be queried using a pointer for interactive decision support. When the
       location of the queried region corresponds with a finding of Transpara™ a
      suspiciousness level of the region computed by the algorithms in the device is
       displayed. When Transpara™ has identified a corresponding region in another
      view of the same breast this corresponding region is also displayed to minimize
       interactions required from the user.
    c) Display of the exam based Transpara™ Score which categorizes exams on a scale
       of 1-10 with increasing likelihood of cancer.

Transpara™ is configured as a DICOM node in a network and receives its input images
from another DICOM node, such as a mammography device or a PACS archive. The
image analysis unit includes machine learning components trained to detect calcifications
and soft tissue lesions and a component to pre-process images in such a way that images
from different vendors can be processed by the same algorithms.

5. Indications for use

Transpara™ is a software medical device for use in a healthcare facility or hospital with
the following indications for use:

     The ScreenPoint TransparaTM system is intended for use as a concurrent reading
       aid for physicians interpreting screening mammograms from compatible FFDM
      systems, to identify regions suspicious for breast cancer and assess their likelihood
       of malignancy. Output of the device includes marks placed on suspicious soft tissue
       lesions and suspicious calcifications; region‐based scores, displayed upon the
       physician’s query, indicating the likelihood that cancer is present in specific regions;
     and an overall score indicating the likelihood that cancer  is present on the
     mammogram. Patient management decisions should not be made solely on the
      basis of analysis by Transpara™.

Intended user population

Intended users of Transpara™ are physicians qualified to read screening mammograms.


TransparaTM 510(k) Submission

Intended patient population

The device is intended to be used in the population of women undergoing screening
mammography.

Warnings and precautions

Transpara™ is an adjunct tool and not intended to replace a physicians’ own review of a
mammogram. Decisions should not be made solely based on analysis by Transpara™.

6. Predicate device comparison

The indication for use of Transpara™1.5.0 is the same as that of the predicate device.
Both devices are intended to be used by clinicians interpreting mammograms, to help
them with localizing and characterizing abnormalities. The devices are both intended to
be used concurrently with the reading of images and are not intended as a replacement
for the review of a clinician or their clinical judgement.

The overall design of Transpara™1.5.0 is similar to that of the predicate device. The main
differences in technological characteristics of Transpara™ 1.5.0 and the predicate device
are algorithmic improvements leading to better detection performance. Additionally, the
1.5.0 version now supports Fujifilm modalities. These changes do not raise different
questions of safety and effectiveness.

7. Summary of non-clinical performance data

In the design and development of Transpara™, ScreenPoint applied the following
voluntary FDA recognized standards and guidelines:

 Standard ID      Standard Title                   FDA Recognition #

 ISO 14971:2007   Medical Devices  - Application Of Risk  5-40
                Management To Medical Devices

 IEC 62304:2015   Medical Device Software - Software Life  13-79
                  Cycle Processes

 DEN180005       Decision summary with special controls
                       for class II radiology device


The following guidance documents were used to support this submission:


TransparaTM 510(k) Submission

•  Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Guidance for the Content of Premarket
      Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices (Issued on May 11, 2005)
   •  Computer-Assisted Detection Devices Applied to Radiology Images and
      Radiology Device Data – Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submissions (Issued on
       July 3, 2012)
   •  Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Clinical Performance Assessment:
      Considerations for Computer-Assisted Detection Devices Applied to Radiology
     Images and Radiology Device Data - Premarket Approval (PMA) and Premarket
       Notification [510(k)] Submissions (Issued on July 3, 2012)

Software performance testing
Transpara™1.5.0  is a software-only device. The level of concern for the device  is
determined as Moderate Level of Concern.

Verification testing consisted of software unit testing, software integration testing and
software system testing. The verification test showed that the software application
satisfied the software requirements.

Validation testing consisted of determining stand-alone performance of the algorithms in
Transpara™ using a multi-vendor test-set of mammograms acquired from multiple
centers. This test dataset was not used for training of Transpara™ algorithms and
included mammograms  of asymptomatic women acquired  with devices from  five
manufacturers: Hologic, GE, Philips, Siemens, and Fujifilm. Validation testing confirmed
that algorithm performance has improved in comparison to Transpara 1.3.0 for the four
manufacturers for which the device was already cleared and that for Fujifilm a similar
performance is achieved.

Based on results of verification and validation tests  it is concluded that Transpara™ is
effective in the detection of soft lesions and calcifications at an appropriate safety level in
mammograms acquired with mammography devices for which the software has been
validated.

8. Summary of clinical tests

A pivotal reader study was conducted with the predicate device Transpara 1.3.0. This
study provided evidence for safety and effectiveness of Transpara™.

9. Conclusions

The data presented in this 510(k) includes all required information to support the review
by FDA. Standalone performance tests demonstrate that Transpara™ 1.5.0 achieves
better detection performance compared to the predicate device.


TransparaTM 510(k) Submission

ScreenPoint has applied a risk management process in accordance with FDA recognized
standards to identify, evaluate, and mitigate all known hazards related to Transpara™.
These hazards may occur when accuracy of diagnosis is potentially affected, causing
either false-positives or false-negatives. All identified risks are effectively mitigated and it
can be concluded that the residual risk is outweighed by the benefits.

Considering all data in this submission, the data provided in this 510(k) supports the safe
and effective use of Transpara™ for its indications for use and substantial equivalence to
the predicate device.


TransparaTM 510(k) Submission