Merge Healthcare Incorporated                                      October 17, 2019
℅ Ms. Amy Tannenbaum
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
900 Walnut Ridge Drive
HARTLAND WA 53209

Re: K192455
    Trade/Device Name: Merge PACS
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: September 16, 2019
    Received: September 17, 2019

Dear Ms. Tannenbaum:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K192455 – Ms. Amy Tannenbaum                                                       Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Section 4
Indications for Use Statement (Form 3881)
eee 4-1 Merge PACS
O Watson Health. 510(k) Premarket Notification

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                          Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                 Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                   Indications for Use                         See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K192455

Device Name
Merge PACS


Indications for Use (Describe)
Merge PACS™ is a Picture Archiving and Communication System (PACS) for multi-modality (CT, MR, PT, US, MG, BTO,
CR, DR/DX, NM, XA, RF, secondary capture (SC), and other DICOM-compliant modalities) image processing and display,
diagnostic reading and reporting, communication, printing, and storage of medical imaging studies and other patient data.
Intended clinical users include radiologists, orthopedic and other surgeons, referring physicians, technologists, and other
qualified medical professionals.

Data can be received directly from acquisition modalities, CAD systems, and other image processing systems, or indirectly via
importing. Data that is not DICOM-compliant, such as photos, can be converted to DICOM format by Merge PACS.

Merge PACS provides image manipulation tools to enable users to view and compare images such as: linking, MPR, MIP, 3D
image fusion/registration of CT, MR, and PET; as well as CVR (Color Volume Rendering), measurements (linear distances,
angles, areas, SUV, etc.), and annotations (for example, outline and label regions of interest, label spinal vertebrae).

The Real Time Worklist (RTWL) displays the real-time status of radiology activity and provides customizable workflow
management capabilities. Communication of critical results is facilitated and documented through optional, configurable
components.

The Patient Dashboard provides a composite view of patient data, both imaging and non-imaging. Multi-tier patient identity
matching provides a comprehensive view even when dealing with multiple disparate patient identities.

Order and report information generated by the HIS/RIS and report creation systems are received and displayed via the
transmission of HL7 messaging.

Lossless (reversible) and lossy (irreversible) image compression are supported for viewing, storage and communication.
Merge PACS displays full fidelity DICOM images for use in the diagnostic interpretation of mammography using MG or
BTO images. Thick slab MIP presentation can be applied to BTO images.

Lossy compressed images and digitized screen film images must not be used for primary diagnosis of mammography studies,
and only display monitors that have regulatory clearance for mammography interpretation should be used for the interpretation
of mammography studies.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
              l:8JPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

FORM FDA 3881 (7117)                          Page 1 of 2                                                     PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

       The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                            Page 2 of 2

510(k) Summary – Merge PACS K192455

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:

Submitter Information
Submitter:               Merge Healthcare Incorporated
                        900 Walnut Ridge Drive
                             Hartland, Wisconsin 53209 USA

510(k) Number:          K192455

Date Prepared:             September 6, 2019

Contact Person:        Amy Tannenbaum
                           Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                          Phone: 617-528-3087
                           Email: amy.tannenbaum@ibm.com

Secondary Contact:         Tracey Fox
                          Global Regulatory Affairs, Manager
                          Phone: 1-262-369-3156
                           Email: tracey.fox@ibm.com


Identification of the Device
Trade Name:             Merge PACS

Common Name:             Picture Archiving and Communication System (PACS)

Classification Name:        Radiological Image Processing System
                        21 CFR 892.2050

Product Code:          LLZ

Device Class:               Class II

Predicate Device(s)
Primary Predicate:         Merge PACS (K173475)
Reference Predicate:         Xelis Fusion (K111613)


                                                                        Merge PACS K192455
                                                                510(k) Premarket Notification

                                      1

Device Description

Merge PACS, a software medical device, is a standards-based medical imaging diagnostic
workstation that serves as an adjunct to assist the clinician to view, read, and report their
findings. Merge PACS processes and displays medical images from DICOM-compliant
modalities. The device is designed to enable efficient workflows by maintaining clinicians’
worklists and retrieving and managing studies for reading, reporting, communication, and
storage.

Merge PACS software runs on off-the-shelf computer hardware and can be configured to operate
standalone or to integrate with vendor-neutral imaging archives (VNAs) such as iConnect
Enterprise Archive (iCEA) via DICOM protocol, for image storage, and with radiological and
hospital information systems (RIS and HIS) and medical record systems (EMR, EHR, etc.) via
HL7.

Merge PACS can be accessed from within the hospital or enterprise, or from remote locations via
web-based access. Images viewed on mobile devices should not be used for diagnostic purposes.

The focus of this premarket notification is on the addition of the Region Analysis Area and
Region Analysis Volume tools, which allows for additional clinical analysis of images, including
volumetric Standard Uptake Value (SUV) calculation. There has been a minor change in the
indications for use statement from the previous Merge PACS device, with the removal of the
optional Reach component which is no longer offered. Additional non-significant changes since
the previous submission will be discussed.

Intended Use/ Indications for Use

Merge PACS™ is a Picture Archiving and Communication System (PACS) for multi-modality
(CT, MR, PT, US, MG, BTO, CR, DR/DX, NM, XA, RF, secondary capture (SC), and other
DICOM-compliant modalities) image processing and display, diagnostic reading and reporting,
communication, printing, and storage of medical imaging studies and other patient data. Intended
clinical users include radiologists, orthopedic and other surgeons, referring physicians,
technologists, and other qualified medical professionals.

Data can be received directly from acquisition modalities, CAD systems, and other image
processing systems, or indirectly via importing. Data that is not DICOM-compliant, such as
photos, can be converted to DICOM format by Merge PACS.

Merge PACS provides image manipulation tools to enable users to view and compare images
such as: linking, MPR, MIP, 3D image fusion/registration of CT, MR, and PET; as well as CVR
(Color Volume Rendering), measurements (linear distances, angles, areas, SUV, etc.), and
annotations (for example, outline and label regions of interest, label spinal vertebrae).


                                                                        Merge PACS K192455
                                                                510(k) Premarket Notification

                                      2

The Real Time Worklist (RTWL) displays the real-time status of radiology activity and provides
customizable workflow management capabilities. Communication of critical results is facilitated
and documented through optional, configurable components.

The Patient Dashboard provides a composite view of patient data, both imaging and nonimaging. Multi-tier patient identity matching provides a comprehensive view even when dealing
with multiple disparate patient identities.

Order and report information generated by the HIS/RIS and report creation systems are received
and displayed via the transmission of HL7 messaging.

Lossless (reversible) and lossy (irreversible) image compression are supported for viewing,
storage and communication. Merge PACS displays full fidelity DICOM images for use in the
diagnostic interpretation of mammography using MG or BTO images. Thick slab MIP
presentation can be applied to BTO images.

Lossy compressed images and digitized screen film images must not be used for primary
diagnosis of mammography studies, and only display monitors that have regulatory clearance for
mammography interpretation should be used for the interpretation of mammography studies.

Technological Characteristics
Merge PACS and its predicate device(s) have the same fundamental scientific technology. The
primary predicate is the previous Merge PACS (K173475) for which the subject device is a
modification of, with reference predicate Xelis Fusion (K111613).

The subject device has the same basic intended use as the predicates and near identical
indications for use as Merge PACS (K173475). The devices have essentially the same basic
image processing, display, storage, and communication features, based on the same or similar
technology. Availability and bundling and naming of additional features and toolsets may vary
between the devices, but the technology behind each feature is essentially the same regardless of
how it is catered to a specific user.

It is our opinion that the subject Merge PACS device is substantially equivalent to the previous
Merge PACS (K173475) as it is an earlier version of the device that contains the same
technology and functionality. The subject device is also substantially equivalent to the reference
predicate, Xelis Fusion (K111613), sharing essentially the same basic image processing, display,
storage and communication features as well as the new capability of volumetric SUV
measurements.


Determination of Substantial Equivalence
The modifications to Merge PACS include updates to the software and labeling from the
previous Merge PACS K173475. A summary of the key changes in the subject Merge PACS


                                                                        Merge PACS K192455
                                                                510(k) Premarket Notification

                                      3

device are summarized below with comparison to its predicates. Additional non-significant
changes and bug fixes have been made to improve workflow and security, and do not have an
impact on clinical functionality of the device.


                                                                        Merge PACS K192455
                                                                510(k) Premarket Notification

                                      4

Table 1: Comparison to predicates

 Category           Feature/         Subject Merge PACS       Primary Predicate: Merge   Reference              Clinically Significant
                    Information      (K192455)              PACS (K173475)             Predicate: Xelis      Change?
                                                                                         Fusion (K111613)

 General         Common Name   Picture Archiving and       Picture Archiving and        Picture Archiving    No changes
                      of Device/       Communications System   Communications System    and
                        Classification      (PACS)                    (PACS)                   Communications
                    Product code                                                     System (PACS)
                                 21 CFR 892.2050         21 CFR 892.2050
                                                                               21 CFR 892.2050
                                          LLZ- Radiological Image     LLZ- Radiological Image
                                       Processing System         Processing System           LLZ- Radiological
                                                                                 Image Processing
                                                                                  System

                    Operating       Windows 10            Windows 7/8.1/10        Unknown           Not a clinically significant
                   System                                                                                           difference – support for
                                                                                                                                   latest Windows OS.

                   Browser           Internet Explorer 11,       Internet Explorer 7, 8, 9,    Unknown           Not a clinically significant
                    Support          Edge, Chrome              10, 11                                             difference – support for new
                                                                                                        browser only

                     Server OS       Windows 2016 64-bit,     Windows 2012 R2        Windows 32 and 64-  Not a clinically significant
                    Support        Windows 2012 R2                                            bit                    difference – support for
                                                                                                                                   latest server OS

                      Indication for    Merge PACS™ is a Picture  Merge PACS™ is a Picture   The Xelis Fusion is a   There is only a minor change
                  Use Statement    Archiving and              Archiving and              software device that   in the indications for use
                                  Communication System    Communication System     receives digital       statement from the
                                      (PACS) for multi-modality   (PACS) for multi-modality   images and data      previous Merge PACS
                                           (CT, MR, PT, US, MG,        (CT, MR, PT, US, MG, BTO,   from various          device, with the removal of
                                   BTO, CR, DR/DX, NM, XA,   CR, DR/DX, NM, XA, RF,     sources (e.g. CT       the optional Reach


                                                                        Merge PACS K192455
                                                                510(k) Premarket Notification

                                                     5

Category           Feature/         Subject Merge PACS       Primary Predicate: Merge   Reference              Clinically Significant
                   Information      (K192455)              PACS (K173475)             Predicate: Xelis      Change?
                                                                                        Fusion (K111613)

                                       RF, secondary capture     secondary capture (SC),     scanners, MR        component which is no
                                            (SC), and other DICOM-    and other DICOM-          scanners,             longer offered. Similar
                                    compliant modalities)      compliant modalities)       ultrasound systems,   indications to reference
                                 image processing and     image processing and       R/F Units, computed   predicate. There is no
                                          display, diagnostic          display, diagnostic reading  & direct                  clinically significant
                                     reading and reporting,     and reporting,              radiographic          difference as Reach was not
                                   communication, printing,   communication, printing,    devices, secondary    used by radiologists for
                                and storage of medical    and storage of medical      capture devices,       diagnosis.
                                    imaging studies and       imaging studies and other   scanners, imaging
                                     other patient data.         patient data. Intended      gateways or other
                                    Intended clinical users       clinical users include       image sources).
                                       include radiologists,         radiologists, orthopedic     Diagnosis or
                                     orthopedic and other     and other surgeons,       computer aided
                                     surgeons, referring         referring physicians,         diagnosis is not
                                         physicians, technologists,   technologists, and other    performed by the
                                and other qualified         qualified medical           software but by
                                    medical professionals.      professionals.                Radiologists.

                                                                                  Images (including
                                  Data can be received      Data can be received                                                                             mammographic)
                                           directly from acquisition    directly from acquisition                                                                              and data can be
                                        modalities, CAD systems,   modalities, CAD systems,                                                                                                 stored,
                                and other image         and other image                                                                                 communicated,
                                      processing systems, or     processing systems, or                                                                                       processed and
                                           indirectly via importing.     indirectly via importing.                                                                                             displayed within the
                                  Data that is not DICOM-    Data that is not DICOM-                                                                                   system and or
                                      compliant, such as         compliant, such as photos,                                                                                             across computer
                                     photos, can be converted  can be converted to                                                                                    networks at


                                                                       Merge PACS K192455
                                                               510(k) Premarket Notification

                                                    6

Category           Feature/         Subject Merge PACS       Primary Predicate: Merge   Reference              Clinically Significant
                   Information      (K192455)              PACS (K173475)             Predicate: Xelis      Change?
                                                                                        Fusion (K111613)

                                      to DICOM format by      DICOM format by Merge     distributed
                               Merge PACS.             PACS.                        locations. In
                                                                                                   addition, Xelis
                               Merge PACS provides     Merge PACS provides       Fusion can be
                                 image manipulation tools  image manipulation tools    integrated with an
                                      to enable users to view     to enable users to view       institution’s HIS or
                                and compare images      and compare images such   RIS for an integrated
                                   such as: linking, MPR,       as: linking, MPR, MIP, 3D   and electronic
                                   MIP, 3D image           image fusion/registration    patient record.
                                         fusion/registration of CT,   of CT, MR, and PET; as                                                                                           Lossy compressed
                              MR, and PET; as well as     well as CVR (Color Volume                                                                          mammographic
                              CVR (Color Volume         Rendering),                                                                                   images and digitized
                                      Rendering),             measurements (linear                                                                                                      film screen images
                                measurements (linear      distances, angles, areas,                                                                              must not be
                                        distances, angles, areas,    SUV, etc.), and                                                                                    reviewed for
                                  SUV, etc.), and            annotations (for example,                                                                                       primary image
                                     annotations (for            outline and label regions                                                                                                   interpretation.
                                   example, outline and       of interest, label spinal                                                                          Mammographic
                                          label regions of interest,    vertebrae).                                                                                   images may only be
                                          label spinal vertebrae).                                                                                              interpreted using
                                                       The Real Time Worklist                                                                              and FDA approved
                                 The Real Time Worklist    (RTWL) displays the real-                                                                                    monitor that offers
                                 (RTWL) displays the real-   time status of radiology                                                                                                  at least 5 Megatime status of radiology     activity and provides                                                                                                        pixel resolution and
                                             activity and provides       customizable workflow                                                                               meets other
                                     customizable workflow    management capabilities.                                                                                                  technical
                              management capabilities.  Communication of critical                                                                                                     specifications


                                                                       Merge PACS K192455
                                                               510(k) Premarket Notification

                                                    7

Category           Feature/         Subject Merge PACS       Primary Predicate: Merge   Reference              Clinically Significant
                   Information      (K192455)              PACS (K173475)             Predicate: Xelis      Change?
                                                                                        Fusion (K111613)

                                 Communication of critical   results is facilitated and     reviewed and
                                          results is facilitated and    documented through       accepted by FDA.
                                documented through       optional, configurable
                                         optional, configurable     components.
                                  components.
                                                       The Patient Dashboard
                                 The Patient Dashboard     provides a composite view
                                     provides a composite       of patient data, both
                                   view of patient data,       imaging and non-imaging.
                                  both imaging and non-    The optional Reach
                                      imaging. Multi-tier       component provides
                                       patient identity matching   clinicians with secure,
                                     provides a                 proactive communication
                                  comprehensive view      and access to clinical
                                 even when dealing with    reports and images. Multimultiple disparate           tier patient identity
                                       patient identities.         matching provides a
                                                          comprehensive view even
                                  Order and report        when dealing with
                                     information generated by  multiple disparate patient
                                    the HIS/RIS and report      identities.
                                       creation systems are
                                      received and displayed     Order and report
                                          via the transmission of     information generated by
                                HL7 messaging.           the HIS/RIS and report
                                                                  creation systems are
                                                                received and displayed via


                                                                       Merge PACS K192455
                                                               510(k) Premarket Notification

                                                    8

Category           Feature/         Subject Merge PACS       Primary Predicate: Merge   Reference              Clinically Significant
                   Information      (K192455)              PACS (K173475)             Predicate: Xelis      Change?
                                                                                        Fusion (K111613)

                                        Lossless (reversible) and    the transmission of HL7
                                         lossy (irreversible) image   messaging.
                                   compression are
                                   supported for viewing,      Lossless (reversible) and
                                      storage and                 lossy (irreversible) image
                                   communication. Merge    compression are
                               PACS displays full fidelity   supported for viewing,
                            DICOM images for use in   storage and
                                    the diagnostic            communication. Merge
                                        interpretation of         PACS displays full fidelity
                             mammography using MG  DICOM images for use in
                                     or BTO images. Thick slab  the diagnostic
                              MIP presentation can be    interpretation of
                                      applied to BTO images.    mammography using MG
                                                               or BTO images. Thick slab
                                     Lossy compressed images  MIP presentation can be
                                and digitized screen film    applied to BTO images.
                                  images must not be used
                                         for primary diagnosis of    Lossy compressed images
                             mammography studies,    and digitized screen film
                                and only display monitors  images must not be used
                                       that have regulatory        for primary diagnosis of
                                      clearance for           mammography studies,
                             mammography          and only display monitors
                                        interpretation should be    that have regulatory
                                  used for the               clearance for
                                                 mammography


                                                                       Merge PACS K192455
                                                               510(k) Premarket Notification

                                                    9

Category           Feature/         Subject Merge PACS       Primary Predicate: Merge   Reference              Clinically Significant
                   Information      (K192455)              PACS (K173475)             Predicate: Xelis      Change?
                                                                                        Fusion (K111613)

                                        interpretation of           interpretation should be
                             mammography studies.    used for the
                                                                    interpretation of
                                                 mammography studies.


Significant change(s) introduced in subject device Merge PACS:

Measurement     SUV Calculation   Probe Tool, ROI Tool      Probe Tool and ROI Tool    Supports 3D region    Addition of Region Area and
                    (PET)             Regional Area Analysis    2D SUV calculations only    of interest (ROI) SUV  Volume Analysis tools allows
                                and Regional Volume                                     analysis                for additional clinical
                                        Analysis                                                                          analysis of PET images for
                             2D and 3D SUV                                                                patient treatment, including
                                         calculations                                                  3D SUV calculations. The
                                                                                                                reference predicate device
                                                                                                                shares this new feature with
                                                                                                             the subject Merge PACS.
                                                                                                                    Applicable verification and
                                                                                                                          validation testing has been
                                                                                                     performed to justify the
                                                                                                                        safety and efficacy of this
                                                                                                                      difference from the primary
                                                                                                                       predicate.


                                                                       Merge PACS K192455
                                                               510(k) Premarket Notification

                                                   10

Category           Feature/         Subject Merge PACS       Primary Predicate: Merge   Reference              Clinically Significant
                   Information      (K192455)              PACS (K173475)             Predicate: Xelis      Change?
                                                                                        Fusion (K111613)

Non-significant changes(s) introduced in subject device Merge PACS:

Viewer            Terarecon        Yes - Terarecon           Yes – Terarecon opens in   Unknown           Not a clinically significant
                     Integration      embedded in Merge       separate window                                    difference. End functionality
                                   PACS, opens in same                                            owned by Terarecon.
                              window                                                           Smoother integration with
                                                                                            Merge PACS for user
                                                                                                              convenience, but no clinical
                                                                                                          impact to the patient.

                  Automatic        Yes                 No – Automatic linking of   Yes                Not a clinically significant
                     Registration for                                 series with same frame of                          difference for Merge PACS.
                      series that do                               reference UID and                             Automatic registration is
                   not share a                                manually linking of series                        through the functionality of
              common frame                               that do not share a                                Blackford to deliver DICOM
                     of reference                        common frame of                                 objects to Merge PACS for
                                                                reference only                                  automatic registration of
                                                                                                                             series that do not share a
                                                                                  common frame of
                                                                                                                     reference. No impact to
                                                                                                                        safety or effectiveness.

                     Patient Synopsis  Yes                 No                           Similar functionality   Not a clinically significant
                    information                                                     – can Integrate with   different, Watson Imaging
                    within Patient                                                             patient record         Patient Synopsis provides a
                  Record                                                                 new option for clinicians to
                                                                                                        view patient information.


                                                                       Merge PACS K192455
                                                               510(k) Premarket Notification

                                                   11

Category           Feature/         Subject Merge PACS       Primary Predicate: Merge   Reference              Clinically Significant
                   Information      (K192455)              PACS (K173475)             Predicate: Xelis      Change?
                                                                                        Fusion (K111613)

                                                                                    No clinical impact to the
                                                                                                                            patient.

Viewer – Mammo  2D/3D Mammo   Yes                 No – user must perform    Unknown           Not a clinically significant
Support            toggle tool                                    additional key clicks to go                           difference. Provides a user
                                                      between 2D and 3D                            convenience only to more
                                                          images                                             quickly toggle between
                                                                                                                    views. No clinical impact to
                                                                                                             the patient.

DICOM user        Allow flexibility   Yes                 No                   Unknown             Security enhancements only
accounts             in choosing the                                                                   and allows for more
                    desired local,                                                                               customizable controls. No
                  network (e.g                                                                            impact to safety or
                   LDAP), or Merge                                                                                     effectiveness.
                PACS accounts
                     of various user
                     services

Other changes      Security          Yes                 No                   Unknown           Not a clinically significant
                   enhancements,                                                                                      difference. About Screen
                  and updates to                                                                                provides information only
                    graphics in                                                                       and security enhancements
                 About Screen                                                                                                     have no impact to safety or
                                                                                                                           effectiveness.


                                                                       Merge PACS K192455
                                                               510(k) Premarket Notification

                                                   12

Summary of Non-Clinical Tests
The following quality assurance measures were applied to the Merge PACS product:
   •  Risk Analysis
   •  Requirements Review
   •  Design Reviews
   •  Testing on unit level
   •   Integration testing
   •  Performance testing
The software documentation was provided at a Moderate level of concern following the FDA’s
“Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical
Devices”.

No performance standards for PACS system or components have been issued under the authority
of Section 514. Non-clinical testing has been performed on Merge PACS and demonstrates
compliance with international and FDA-recognized consensus standards and FDA guidance
documents. This Traditional 510(k) has been written in accordance with the applicable FDA
Guidance Document for the Submission of Premarket Notifications for Medical Image
Management Devices (July 2000), and meets the following voluntary standard(s):

   •  DICOM – Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine, for the format of medical
      images and data, NEMA PS 3.1 – 3.20 Set (2016)

Results from internal verification and validation testing performed in accordance with Watson
Health Imaging design control processes confirm that Merge PACS product specifications have
been met. Supporting documentation is included in this 510(k) Premarket Notification and
supports the claims of substantial equivalence to the predicate device. Cybersecurity is also
addressed in this submission.

The subject of this submission, Merge PACS, did not require animal testing, biological testing,
sterility testing, electrical safety testing or electromagnetic compatibility testing.

Summary of Clinical Tests
The subject of this premarket submission, Merge PACS, did not require clinical studies to
support substantial equivalence.
Conclusion
Comparison of the Intended Uses/Indications for Use, the technological characteristics, and
performance specifications demonstrate the functional equivalence of the subject device to the
predicate device. Verification and validation test results established that the device meets its


                                                                        Merge PACS K192455
                                                                510(k) Premarket Notification

                                      13

design requirements and intended uses and that no new issues relative to safety and effectiveness
were raised. Watson Health Imaging considers the Merge PACS to be as safe and as effective as
its predicate devices.


                                                                        Merge PACS K192455
                                                                510(k) Premarket Notification

                                      14