Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                May 12, 2020
℅ Ms. Flair Bar
VP Operations and QA/RA
Shefayim Commercial Center
PO Box 25
Shefayim, 6099000
ISRAEL

Re: K192901
    Trade/Device Name: HealthVCF
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer-assisted prioritization software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QFM
    Dated: April 2, 2020
    Received: April 8, 2020

Dear Ms. Bar:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K192901 – Ms. Flair Bar                                                               Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                          and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K192901

Device Name
HealthVCF


Indications for Use (Describe)
HealthVCF is a passive notification for prioritization-only, parallel-workflow software tool used by clinicians to prioritize
specific patients within the standard-of-care bone health setting for suspected vertebral compression fractures. HealthVCF
uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze chest and abdominal CT scans and flags those that are suggestive of the
presence of at least one vertebral compression at the exam level. These flags are viewed by the clinician in Bone Health
and Fracture Liaison Service programs in the medical setting via a worklist application on their Picture Archiving and
Communication System (PACS). HealthVCF does not send a proactive alert directly to the user.
HealthVCF does not provide diagnostic information beyond triage and prioritization, it does not remove cases from the
radiology worklist, and should not be used in place of full patient evaluation, or relied upon to make or confirm diagnosis.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

5. 510 (k) Summary

                          510(K) Summary - HealthVCF
                           Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.

                               510(k) Number –K192901


     I.     Applicant’s Name:     Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.
                               Shefayim Commercial Center
                       PO Box 25
                                 Shefayim, 6099000
                          ISRAEL
                                 Telephone: +972-9-8827795
                                  Fax: +972-9-8827795

         Date Prepared: May 07, 2020

    II.    Device

         Trade Name:   HealthVCF

           Classification Name:
       QFM - Radiological Computer-Assisted Prioritization Software

          Regulation Number:
          892.2080

            Classification:
           Class II, Radiology


     III.    Predicate Device:
The HealthVCF device is substantially equivalent to the following device:

 Proprietary Name       CmTriage
 Premarket Notification   K183285
 Classification Name      Radiological Computer-Assisted Prioritization Software
 Regulation Number      21 CFR 892.2080
 Product Code       QFM
 Regulatory Class            II


   IV.   Device Description


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.

Zebra’s HealthVCF solution is a software product that automatically identifies suspected findings
suggestive of vertebral compression fractures on chest and abdominal CT scans and provides a
passive notification to the workstation of the presence of this finding in the scan. This notification
is received by the standalone desktop Zebra Worklist application which flags the identified scan
and assists clinicians engaged in bone-health management in viewing the scan ahead of others.
The device aim is to aid in prioritization and triage of radiological medical images only and does
not provide diagnostic information beyond triage.

The software uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to automatically analyze chest and abdominal
CT scans. If a suspected vertebral compression fracture is found in a scan, the alert is automatically
sent to the Zebra Worklist application on the workstation used by the bone-health clinician in
parallel with the ongoing standard of care within the bone health setting. The standard of care
radiology workflow (i.e. reviewing and reporting the findings that initiated the request for CT)
continues unaffected by the parallel workflow of the bone health program. For clarity, the
HealthVCF device does not flag/prioritize cases within this radiology workflow. The standalone
desktop  application,  Zebra  Worklist,  includes  three  sagittal  preview  images  meant  for
informational purposes only and is not intended for diagnostic use. The Zebra Worklist presents
all cases processed by the algorithm, and flags those with a suspected finding.

Zebra’s HealthVCF device works in parallel to and in conjunction with the standard care of
workflow within bone health programs, and completely independent of the standard of care
workflow within the radiology department. After a chest or abdominal CT scan has been
performed, a copy of the study is automatically retrieved and processed by the HealthVCF device.
The device performs the analysis of the study and returns a notification about a suspected vertebral
compression fractures to the Zebra Worklist to notify the clinicians in Bone Health and Fracture
Prevention Programs reviewing the chest and abdominal CTs for at-risk patients. The clinician is
then able to review the study earlier and recall the patient for further evaluation.

The primary benefit of the product is the ability to reduce the time it takes to alert physicians to
the presence of a finding such as a vertebral compression fracture. The software does not
recommend treatment or provide a diagnosis. It is meant as a tool to assist in improved workload
prioritization of cases in bone health and fracture prevention programs. The final diagnosis is
provided by a clinician after reviewing the scan itself.


The following modules compose the HealthVCF software:

Data input and validation: Following retrieval of a study, the validation feature assessed the
input data (i.e. age, modality, view) to ensure compatibility for processing by the algorithm.
HealthVCF algorithm: Once a study has been validated, the algorithm analyzes the chest and
abdominal CT scans for detection of suspected finding suggestive of vertebral compression
fracture.


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.

IMA Integration feature: The study analysis and the results of a successful study analysis is
provided to IMA, to then be sent to Zebra Worklist application for triaging.
Error codes feature: In the case of a study failure during data validation or the analysis by the
algorithm, an error is provided to the system.

    V.    Intended Use/Indication for Use:

 HealthVCF is a passive notification for prioritization-only, parallel-workflow software tool used
 by clinicians to prioritize specific patients within the standard-of-care bone health setting for
 suspected vertebral compression fractures. HealthVCF uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to
 analyze chest and abdominal CT scans and flags those that are suggestive of the presence of at
  least one vertebral compression at the exam level. These flags are viewed by the clinician in Bone
 Health and Fracture Liaison Service programs in the medical setting via a worklist application
 on their Picture Archiving and Communication System (PACS). HealthVCF does not send a
 proactive alert directly to the user.
 HealthVCF does not provide diagnostic information beyond triage and prioritization, it does not
 remove cases from the radiology worklist, and should not be used in place of full patient
 evaluation, or relied upon to make or confirm diagnosis.

   VI.    Technological Characteristics Compared to Predicate Device:

The technological characteristics, e.g., overall design, mechanism of action, mode of operation,
performance characteristics, etc., and the intended use of the HealthVCF device are substantially
equivalent to the predicate device cited above.
A comparison of the technological characteristics with the predicate is summarized below.


 Technological       Proposed Device         Predicate Device        Summary
 Characteristics       HealthVCF         cmTriage (K183285)

 Indication for       HealthVCF is a passive     cmTriage is a passive           Similar expect for
 Use/Intended Use     notification for               notification for prioritization-   anatomy, imaging
                         prioritization-only,          only, parallel-workflow        modality, and lesion
                      parallel-workflow          software tool used by           type
                      software tool used by        radiologists to prioritize
                         clinicians to prioritize       specific patients within the
                        specific patients within      standard-of-care image
                       the standard-of-care bone   worklist for 2D FFDM
                       health setting for           screening mammograms.
                      suspected vertebral        cmTriage uses an artificial
                     compression fractures.       intelligence algorithm to
                   HealthVCF uses an         analyze 2D FFDM screening
                            artificial intelligence      mammograms and flags those
                      algorithm to analyze chest   that are suggestive of the
                    and abdominal CT scans    presence of at least one
                    and flags those that are      suspicious finding at the


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.

suggestive of the presence  exam level. These flags are
                       of at least one vertebral     viewed by the radiologist via
                     compression at the exam     their Picture Archiving and
                          level. These flags are      Communication System
                    viewed by the clinician in  (PACS) worklist. The
                  Bone Health and Fracture   decision to use cmTriage
                      Liaison Service programs   codes and how to use
                         in the medical setting via   cmTriage codes is ultimately
                     a worklist application on   up to the radiologist.
                          their Picture Archiving     cmTriage does not send a
                    and Communication        proactive alert directly to the
                   System (PACS).             radiologist. Radiologists are
                   HealthVCF does not send   responsible for reviewing
                     a proactive alert directly    each exam on a diagnostic
                         to the user.                viewer according to the
                                                    current standard of care.
                   HealthVCF does not       cmTriage is limited to the
                      provide diagnostic          categorization of exams, does
                      information beyond triage   not provide any diagnostic
                    and prioritization, it does    information beyond triage
                      not remove cases from the  and prioritization, does not
                      radiology worklist, and     remove images from the
                     should not be used in        radiologist’s worklist, and
                      place of full patient         should not be used in lieu of
                        evaluation, or relied upon    full patient evaluation, or
                         to make or confirm          relied upon to make or
                        diagnosis.                 confirm diagnosis. cmTriage
                                                                is for prescription use only.
 Notification-only,   Yes                   Yes                     Same
  parallel workflow
 tool
 User             Bone Health Clinician      Radiologist                      Different, but both
                                                                                   users include a
                                                                               “designated list of
                                                                                     clinicians” per 21
                                                       CFR 892.2080
 Identify patients     Yes                   Yes                     Same
 with prespecified
  clinical condition
 Clinical condition    Vertebral compression      Breast Cancer                  Different but both
                        fracture                                                     findings suggestive of
                                                                             a pre-specified clinical
                                                                                  condition
 Alert to finding      Yes; notification flagged    Yes; notification flagged for   Same
                        for review                review
 Independent of      Yes; No cases are          Yes; No cases are removed    Same
 standard of care     removed                 from worklist
 workflow          from worklist
 Modality        CT               FFDM screening                Different, but both run
                                     mammograms               on “radiological


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.

medical images” per
                                                                    21 CFR 892.2080
 Body part           Chest and abdomen         Breast                          Different anatomical
                                                                                                sites but both
                                                                             “operates on
                                                                                   radiological images of
                                                                                    the human body” per
                                                                    21 CFR 892.2080.
  Artificial          Yes                   Yes                     Same
 Intelligence
 algorithm
 Limited to analysis  Yes                   Yes                     Same
 of imaging data

 Aids prompt       Yes                   Yes                     Same
 identification of
 cases with
 indicated findings
 Where results are   PACS / Workstation     PACS / Workstation         Same
 received

   VII.  Performance Data:

Safety and performance of HealthVCF has been evaluated and verified in accordance with
software specifications and applicable performance standards through Software Development and
Validation & Verification Process to ensure performance according to specifications, User
Requirements and Federal Regulations and Guidance documents, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”.

The performance of the HealthVCF device has been validated in a performance study for triage of
chest and abdominal CT cases. The data included a retrospective cohort of 611 anonymized Chest
and abdominal CT cases from the USA and Israel, including 306 cases positive for vertebral
compression fractures (severe and moderate fractures) and 305 cases negative for vertebral
compression fractures (mild or no fracture), as well as confounding imaging factors. The validation
data set was truthed (ground truth) by three US Board-Certified Radiologists (truthers). The standalone detection accuracy was measured on this cohort respective to the ground truth.

The HealthVCF device detection accuracy met the accuracy performance goals for AUC,
sensitivity, and specificity.  Overall, the HealthVCF was able to demonstrate an area under the
curve (AUC) of 0.9504 (95% CI: [0.9348, 0.9660), which is both comparable to the predicate
device, and meets the required technical method under the QFM product code. The device
establishes effective triage based on an AUC >95%. The HealthVCF performance met the
performance goal and demonstrated high performance substantially equivalent to the predicate


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.

device. The reported results for this operating point was a sensitivity of 90.20% (95% CI:
[86.35%;93.05%]) and specificity was 86.89% (95% CI: [82.63%;90.22%]).
In addition, we assessed the performance time of the HealthVCF that reflects the time it takes for
the device to analyze the study. The average performance time of the HealthVCF was 61.36
seconds, a timing performance that is substantially equivalent to the predicate.


   VIII.  Conclusion

The subject HealthVCF device and the cmTriage predicate device are both software-only devices
intended to aid in triage of radiological images, independent and in-parallel of standard of care
workflow. The labeling of both devices are limited to the categorization of exams and are not to
be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm diagnosis.

Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not
change the original image, do not provide any marking, and do not remove cases from the standard
of care. The minor differences between the subject device and the predicate raise no new issues of
safety or effectiveness. In addition, performance  testing demonstrates  that the HealthVCF
performs as intended. The HealthVCF device is therefore substantially equivalent to the cmTriage
predicate.


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.