February 10, 2020

Varian Medical Systems, Inc.
℅ Mr. Peter J. Coronado
Senior Director, Regulatory Affairs
911 Hansen Way
PALO ALTO CA 94304

Re: K192377
    Trade/Device Name: Ethos Treatment Management, Ethos Treatment Planning, Ethos Radiotherapy
                        System, and Halcyon
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.5050
    Regulation Name: Medical charged-particle radiation therapy system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: IYE, MUJ
    Dated: January 10, 2020
    Received: January 13, 2020

Dear Mr. Coronado:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K192377 – Mr. Peter J. Coronado                                                        Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K192377

Device Name
Ethos Treatment Management,
Ethos Treatment Planning,
Ethos Radiotherapy System, and Halcyon

Indications for Use (Describe)
Ethos Treatment Management is indicated for use in managing and monitoring radiation therapy treatment plans and
sessions.

Ethos Treatment Planning is indicated for use in generating and modifying radiation therapy treatment plans.

Halcyon and Ethos Radiotherapy System are indicated for the delivery of stereotactic radiosurgery and precision
radiotherapy for lesions, tumors and conditions anywhere in the body where radiation is indicated for adults and pediatric
patients.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

PREMARKET NOTIFICATION

                                        510(k) Summary

               Ethos Treatment Management 2.0, Ethos Treatment Planning 1.0,
                        Ethos Radiotherapy System 3.0 & Halcyon 3.0


                     The following information is provided as required by 21 CFR 807.92.


Submitter’s Name:                       Varian Medical Systems
                                    3100 Hansen Way, m/s E110
                                         Palo Alto, CA 94304


                                        Contact Name: Peter J. Coronado, Senior Director Regulatory Affairs
                                      Phone: 650-424-6320 | Fax: 650-646-9200
                                             E-mail: submissions.support@varian.com
                                     Date Prepared: 29 August 2019


Proprietary Names:                     Ethos Treatment Management
                                       Ethos Treatment Planning
                                       Ethos Radiotherapy System
                                      Halcyon


Classification Name:                     Medical charged-particle radiation therapy system
                                    21 CFR 892.5050

Common/Usual Names:                  Ethos Treatment Management   Treatment Plan and Image Management Application
                                       Ethos Treatment Planning        Treatment Planning System
                                       Ethos Radiotherapy System       Medical Linear Accelerator
                                      Halcyon                             Medical Linear Accelerator


Predicate Devices:                      Ethos Treatment Management   ARIA Radiation Therapy Management (K173838)
                                       Ethos Treatment Planning          Eclipse Treatment Planning System (K181145)
                                       Ethos Radiotherapy System       Halcyon (K181032)
                                      Halcyon                             Halcyon (K181032)


Device Description:                      Ethos Treatment Management    Ethos Treatment Management is software designed
                                                                                                      for radiation therapy medical professionals to
                                                                                         support them in managing radiation treatments for
                                                                                                     patients.
                                       Ethos Treatment Planning         Ethos Treatment Planning is software that is
                                                                                        designed generate treatment plans, modify
                                                                                       treatment plans, and guide users within adaptive
                                                                                       treatment sessions.
                                       Ethos Radiotherapy System       Halcyon and Ethos Radiotherapy System are single
                                                                                      energy linacs designed to deliver Image Guided
                                                                                              Radiation Therapy and radiosurgery, using Intensity
                                                                                Modulated and Volumetric Modulated Arc Therapy
                                      Halcyon                               techniques. They consist of an accelerator and
                                                                                                patient support within a radiation shielded
                                                                                       treatment room and a control console outside the
                                                                                       treatment room.


Products: Ethos Treatment Management | Ethos Treatment Planning | Ethos Radiotherapy System & Halcyon
Document: 510(k) Summary                                                                              Page 1 of 4

Intended Use:                          Ethos Treatment Management   Ethos Treatment Management is used to manage
                                                                              and monitor radiation therapy treatment plans and
                                                                                                    sessions; it is intended to be used with a treatment
                                                                                           planning system.

                                       Ethos Treatment Planning         Ethos Treatment Planning is used to generate and
                                                                                     modify radiation therapy treatment plans.


                                       Ethos Radiotherapy System       Halcyon and Ethos Radiotherapy System are
                                                  (The intended use statement is           intended to provide stereotactic radiosurgery and
                                                           identical to the predicate)                 precision radiotherapy for lesions, tumors, and
                                                                                               conditions anywhere in the body where radiation
                                      Halcyon                             treatment is indicated.
                                                  (The intended use statement is
                                                           identical to the predicate)


Indications for Use:                     Ethos Treatment Management   Ethos Treatment Management is indicated for use in
                                                                                 managing and monitoring radiation therapy
                                                                                       treatment plans and sessions.

                                       Ethos Treatment Planning         Ethos Treatment Planning is indicated for use in
                                                                                            generating and modifying radiation therapy
                                                                                       treatment plans.

                                       Ethos Radiotherapy System       Halcyon and Ethos Radiotherapy System are
                                                                                                indicated for the delivery of stereotactic radiosurgery
                                                                              and precision radiotherapy for lesions, tumors and
                                                                                               conditions anywhere in the body where radiation is
                                      Halcyon                                indicated for adults and pediatric patients.


Relationships Between the Devices:
     1.  The three devices of Ethos Treatment Management, Ethos Treatment Planning, and Ethos Radiotherapy
       System are used together within a radiation therapy treatment workflow. The overall clinical workflow involves
        each device performing a designated set of functions for radiotherapy treatment related to management,
         planning, and delivery which are best understood and described together.
     2.  Ethos Radiotherapy System and Halcyon are similar device models within a generic device type that share
          significant technological and functional characteristics.
     3.  For this Traditional 510(k) submission, these devices have been bundled together such that they can all be
        addressed during one review, given the shared scientific and regulatory considerations these devices raise.


Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device:
At a high level, each subject device and its corresponding predicate are similar based on the following characteristics:

Ethos Treatment Management
    •   Stand-Alone Software for Radiotherapy Management
    •   Support for Management and Monitoring Tools related to Radiation Treatment
    •   Support for Recording and Storing Treatment Parameters and Treatment Course Progression

Ethos Treatment Planning
    •   Stand-Alone Software for Radiotherapy Treatment Planning
    •   Support for Radiotherapy Treatment Planning with an External Beam Photon Delivery System
    •   Support for IGRT, IMRT, IMRS, VMAT Treatment Planning Techniques


Products: Ethos Treatment Management | Ethos Treatment Planning | Ethos Radiotherapy System & Halcyon
Document: 510(k) Summary                                                                              Page 2 of 4

Ethos Radiotherapy System
    •   Medical Linear Accelerator with Patient Support Couch
    •   Support for Radiotherapy Treatment using External Beam Photon Delivery
    •   Treatment Energy: 6 MV Flattening Filter Free
    •   Dose rate: Up to 800 MU/min
    •   Integrated Components: Treatment and Imaging Consoles, MLC, kV imager, Patient Camera, and others

Halcyon
    •   Medical Linear Accelerator with Patient Support Couch
    •   Support for Radiotherapy Treatment using External Beam Photon Delivery
    •   Treatment Energy: 6 MV Flattening Filter Free
    •   Dose rate: Up to 800 MU/min
    •   Integrated Components: Treatment and Imaging Consoles, MLC, kV imager, Patient Camera, and others


Significant Differences:
At a high level, each subject device and its corresponding predicate are different based on the following features:

Ethos Treatment Management
    •   Enhanced Work Areas and Tools for Users to specify Radiation Treatment Intent
    •   Enhanced Work Areas and Tools for Monitoring over the course of Radiation Treatment
    •   Compatibility with Ethos Treatment Planning and Ethos Radiotherapy System

Ethos Treatment Planning
    •   Support for Adaptive Radiotherapy Treatment Planning and Automated Plan Generation
    •   Support for Treatment Session Management with Guided Workflows and Work Areas
    •   Compatibility with Ethos Treatment Management and Ethos Radiotherapy System

Ethos Radiotherapy System
    •   Support for Adaptive Radiotherapy Treatment Delivery
    •   Compatibility with Ethos Treatment Management and Ethos Treatment Planning
    •   Patient Motion Monitoring & Extended Treatment Field Area

Halcyon
    •   Patient Motion Monitoring & Extended Treatment Field Area (same as in Ethos Radiotherapy System)


Performance Data (Non-Clinical Testing):
Hardware and software verification and validation testing was conducted according to the FDA Quality System
Regulation (21 CFR §820), ISO 13485 quality Management System standard, ISO 14971 Risk Management Standard and
the other FDA recognized consensus standards listed below.


Test results showed conformance to applicable requirements specifications and assured hazard safeguards functioned
properly. Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provided as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for
Software Contained in Medical Devices.”


The software for these devices was considered as a “major” level of concern, since a failure or latent flaw in the
software could directly result in serious injury or death to the patient or operator.


Electrical safety and electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) testing were conducted for the linear accelerators.
The system complies with the IEC 60601-1 standards for safety and the IEC 60601-1-2 standard for EMC.


No animal studies or clinical tests have been included in this pre-market submission.


Products: Ethos Treatment Management | Ethos Treatment Planning | Ethos Radiotherapy System & Halcyon
Document: 510(k) Summary                                                                              Page 3 of 4

Standards Conformance:
The devices conform in whole or in part to the following recognised standards.

Applied Standard                                                     Device Name

        IEC 62304      Ethos Treatment Management             Ethos Treatment Planning         Ethos Radiotherapy System and Halcyon

        IEC 61217                                              Ethos Treatment Planning         Ethos Radiotherapy System and Halcyon

        IEC 62274      Ethos Treatment Management                                             Ethos Radiotherapy System and Halcyon

        IEC 62083      Ethos Treatment Management             Ethos Treatment Planning

      IEC 82304-1      Ethos Treatment Management             Ethos Treatment Planning

      IEC 62366-1      Ethos Treatment Management             Ethos Treatment Planning

      IEC 60825-1                                                                               Ethos Radiotherapy System and Halcyon

        IEC 60976                                                                               Ethos Radiotherapy System and Halcyon

      IEC 60601-1                                                                               Ethos Radiotherapy System and Halcyon

    IEC 60601-1-2                                                                               Ethos Radiotherapy System and Halcyon
                                   Not applicable to the software devices
    IEC 60601-1-3                                                                               Ethos Radiotherapy System and Halcyon

    IEC 60601-1-6                                                                               Ethos Radiotherapy System and Halcyon

    IEC 60601-2-1                                                                               Ethos Radiotherapy System and Halcyon

   IEC 60601-2-68                                                                               Ethos Radiotherapy System and Halcyon


Additional general (non-device specific) standards applied include:
    •  EN ISO 13485:2016 Edition 3 2016-03
         o   Medical devices – Quality management systems – Requirements for regulatory purposes
    •  EN ISO 14971:2012 2012-07
         o   Medical devices – Application of risk management to medical devices
    •   ISO 15223-1 Third Edition 2016-11-01
         o   Medical devices - Symbols to be used with medical device labels, labelling, and information to be
                 supplied - Part 1: General requirements


Argument for Substantial Equivalence to the Predicate Device
A subset of technological characteristics and features of each of the current devices are different to their corresponding
predicates. These differences are all considered by Varian to be enhancements of the predicate.

The Intended Use and indications for use are not significantly different. There are no changes in the principle of
operation of the devices. The Verification and Validation demonstrates that the device is as safe and effective as the
predicate. Varian therefore believes that Ethos Treatment Management, Ethos Treatment Planning, Ethos
Radiotherapy System, and Halcyon are substantially equivalent to their corresponding predicates.


Conclusion:
The assessment following the outcomes observed in the performance testing and software verification and validation
was that these products conformed to the defined user needs and intended uses. There were no DRs (discrepancy
reports) remaining which had a priority of Safety Intolerable or Customer Intolerable. Varian therefore considers Ethos
Treatment Management, Ethos Treatment Planning, Ethos Radiotherapy System, and Halcyon to be safe and effective
and to perform at least as well as the predicate device.


Products: Ethos Treatment Management | Ethos Treatment Planning | Ethos Radiotherapy System & Halcyon
Document: 510(k) Summary                                                                              Page 4 of 4