Surgical Information Sciences, Inc.                                 September 13, 2019
℅ Ms. Kelliann Payne
Regulatory Counsel
Hogan Lovells, US LLP
1735 Market Street, Suite 2300
PHILADELPHIA PA 19103

Re: K192304
    Trade/Device Name: SIS Software Version 3.6.0
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: August 23, 2019
    Received: August 23, 2019

Dear Ms. Payne:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K192304 – Ms. Kelliann Payne                                                          Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                              For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
     K192304

Device Name
SIS Software Version 3.6.0


Indications for Use (Describe)
SIS Software is an application intended for use in the viewing, presentation and documentation of medical
imaging, including different modules for image processing, image fusion, and intraoperative functional
planning where the 3D output can be used with stereotactic image guided surgery or other devices for
further processing and visualization. The device can be used in conjunction with other clinical methods as
an aid in visualization of the subthalamic nuclei (STN).

Typical users of the SIS Software are medical professionals, including but not limited to surgeons,
neurologists and radiologists.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF


                                                                                           067

K192304
                                      510(k) Summary

Sponsor’s Name, Contact Information, and Date Prepared

        Surgical Information Sciences, Inc.
      10405 6th Avenue North, Suite 110
       Plymouth, MN 55441
       Contact Person: Ann Quinlan-Smith
      Phone: 612-325-0187
        E-mail: ann.quinlan.smith@surgicalis.com

      Date Prepared: August 23, 2019

Trade Name of Device: SIS Software version 3.6.0

Common or Usual Name/Classification Name: System, Image Processing, Radiological (Product
Code: LLZ; 21 C.F.R. 892.2050)

Regulatory Class: Class II

Predicate Device: Surgical Information Sciences SIS Software version 3.3.0 (K183019)

Intended Use / Indications for Use

   SIS Software is an application intended for use in the viewing, presentation and documentation of
   medical  imaging,  including  different  modules  for image  processing, image  fusion, and
   intraoperative functional planning where the 3D output can be used with stereotactic image
   guided surgery or other devices for further processing and visualization. The device can be used
   in conjunction with other clinical methods as an aid in visualization of the subthalamic nuclei
   (STN).

   Typical users of the SIS Software are medical professionals, including but not limited to surgeons,
   neurologists and radiologists.

Technological Characteristics

   SIS Software uses machine learning and image processing to enhance standard clinical images
   for the visualization of the subthalamic nucleus (“STN”).  The SIS Software supplements the
   information available through standard clinical methods, providing adjunctive information for use
   in visualization and planning stereotactic surgical procedures. SIS Software provides a patientspecific, 3D anatomical model of the patient’s own brain structures that supplements other clinical
   information to facilitate visualization in neurosurgical procedures.

  The version of the software that is the subject of the current submission (Version 3.6.0) is a
   modification to the predicate SIS Software version 3.3.0 that was cleared under K183019. The
   subject and predicate devices rely on the same core technological principles. The only minor
   changes were modifications to enable the use of a more comprehensive MR to post operation CT
   registration methodology, and image processing techniques for CT images acquired with gantry

tilt.   The web  user  interface has  also been enhanced  to  allow  additional  options  for
   administrators/supervisors, and has added audit logging functions.

Substantial Equivalence

  The subject and predicate versions of the SIS Software have the same intended use and
   indications for use. The subject software version, like the predicate, operates on other computing
   platforms and uses a proprietary algorithm to generate 3D segmented anatomical models from
   patients’ MRI and CT scans. The visualization of the STN is performed in exactly the same way
  as  for the predicate device.  While minor modifications to the registration and CT image
   processing techniques are introduced, the environment of use, role in the clinical workflow, and
   basis for the device algorithm remain the same, and the core image processing/segmentation
   principles employed  to enable these  steps resemble those employed  for  the MR-based
   visualization step already cleared. In addition, software validation testing using the same protocol
  as used for the predicate confirmed that the subject device continues to perform in accordance
   with its specifications and is as safe and as effective as the predicate.

                 SIS Software Technological Characteristics Comparison Table
                            SIS Software version 3.6.0      SIS Software version 3.3.0
                                        (Subject)                       (Predicate)
 Allows for importing of
                                   Yes                        Yes digital imaging sets
 Uses proprietary
 software algorithm to
 generate 3D segmented               Yes                        Yes
 anatomical models from
 patient’s MR scans
 Allows for review and
 analysis of data in 2D                 Yes                        Yes
 and 3D formats
 Performs image fusion of
 datasets using
 automated or manual                 Yes                        Yes
 image matching
 technique
 Segments structures in
 images with manual and
 automated tools and                 Yes                        Yes
 converts them into 3D
 objects for display
 Creates hybrid datasets
 by filing in segmented
                                   Yes                        Yes regions slice-by-slice on
 anatomical datasets

SIS Software version 3.6.0      SIS Software version 3.3.0
                                        (Subject)                       (Predicate)
 Can be downloaded to
                                   Yes                        Yes planning system
 Segmentation of CT scan
 to identify structures in
                                   Yes                        Yes relation to those
 visualized on MR
 Feature to Account for
                                   Yes                      No CT images with gantry tilt
 Cross-registers images
 and creates 3D (fused)                Yes                        Yes
 model
 Different registration
 methods (linear and nonlinear) by multiple                    Yes                      No
 registration tools (ANTS
 and ELASTIX)

Performance Data

   Following the modifications, the software verification and validation testing has been repeated to
   validate that the modified software functions as specified and performs similarly to the predicate
   device. In particular, the company has repeated the MRI to CT registration testing using the new
   methodology, which demonstrated that the software continued to register MR images to the CT
   space.  The error was within the acceptance  criteria, and was comparable to that for SIS
   Software version 3.3.0, which used the same protocol. In addition, the new image processing for
  CT images with gantry tilt has been tested to validate objects segmentation. Using the same CT
   scans that were used in the validation testing for the predicate device, results demonstrated that
   the cropping image processing does not affect the performance of the software as compared to
    its predicate.

Conclusions

  The updated SIS Software version 3.6.0  is as safe and effective as the predicate version
   previously cleared in K183019. The subject device has the same intended use and indications
   for use as the predicate, and very similar technological characteristics and principles of operation,
   with minor differences supported by performance validation testing demonstrating that the subject
   device is as safe and effective as the predicate device and performs as intended.  Thus, the
   minor technological differences between SIS Software version 3.6.0 and its predicate device raise
  no new issues of safety or effectiveness, and the updated SIS Software version 3.6.0  is
   substantially equivalent.