icometrix NV                                                December 13, 2019
℅ Dirk Smeets
VP Clinical Applications
Kolonel Begaultlaan 1b/12
3012 Leuven, Vlaams-Brabant
BELGIUM

Re: K192130
    Trade/Device Name: icobrain
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: October 10, 2019
    Received: October 15, 2019

Dear Dirk Smeets:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K192130 - Dirk Smeets                                                                Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)

K192130
a
Device Name
icobrain
Indications for Use (Describe)
icobrain is intended for automatic labeling, visualization and volumetric quantification of segmentable brain structures
from a set of MR or NCCT images. This software is intended to automate the current manual process of identifying,
labeling and quantifying the volume of segmentable brain structures identified on MR or NCCT images.
icobrain consists of two distinct image processing pipelines: icobrain cross and icobrain long.
icobrain cross is intended to provide volumes from MR or NCCT images acquired at a single time point.
icobrain long is intended to provide changes in volumes between two MR images that were acquired on the same scanner,
with the same image acquisition protocol and with same contrast at two different timepoints. '
The results of icobrain cross cannot be compared with the results of icobrain long.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) L) Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
—_—_—_—_———————————————————————————— Sys,
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

2) SSS
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
oe S— SSS
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443.6740 EE

K192130
( » | trix
IMAGING BIOMARKER EXPERTS
Section 6. 510(k) Summary (icobrain 5.0) \
icometrix NV - Kolonel Begaultlaan |b box 12 - 3012 Leuven - \ea/
info@icometrix.com - www.icometrix.com - T +32 16 369 000
IBAN: BEO2 7360 2208 4540 - BIC KRED BE BB - BTW/VAT BE 0833.377.379

Doc. 149013088.10 issued on 10 December 2019 11:34


   Approved
 ••

 6.1 Submitter


  Name:                ico metrix NV


  Address:             Kolonel Begaultlaan 1b / 12
                    3012 Leuven
                  BELGIUM


  Contact Person:      Dirk Smeets


  Telephone number:  +32 16 369 000


  Fax Number:        N.A.


   E-mail:               dirk.smeets@icometrix.com


  Date Prepared:      18 Jul 2019


 6.2 Device


  Device Trade Name:   icobrain


  Common Name:      Medical Image Processing Software


   Classification Name:   System, Image processing, Radiological


  Number             892.2050


  Product Code:       LLZ


   Classification Panel:    Radiology


                                                                         2 / 8

6.3 Predicate Device


 Device                     icobrain


 510(k) Number          K181939


 Manufacturer                ico metrix NV


 Common Name:           Medical   Image   Processing
                           Software


  Classification Name:        System,   Image   processing,
                               Radiological


 Number                  892.2050


 Product Code           LLZ


  Classification Panel:         Radiology


6.4 Device Description


ico brain  is intended for automatic labeling, visualization and volumetric quantification of segmentable
brain structures from a set of MR or NCCT images. This software is intended to automate the current
manual process of identifying, labeling and quantifying the volume of segmentable brain structures
identified on MR or NCCT images.


ico brain consists of two distinct image processing pipelines: icobrain cross and ico brain long.

     • ico brain cross is intended to provide volumes from MR or NCCT images acquired at a single
         time point.
     • ico brain long is intended to provide changes in volumes between two MR images that were
         acquired on the same scanner, with the same image acquisition protocol and with same
         contrast at two different timepoints.


The results of ico brain cross cannot be compared with the results of icobrain long.


The following flowchart illustrates the overall architecture of icobrain .


                                                                        3 / 8

The input images can be MR images (current icobrain software - K161148 and K180326 ) or CT images
(current ico brain software - K181939 ). During the pre-processing, each scan is converted from DICOM
format to NIFTI format. The image processing then performs the actual segmentation and calculates the
measurements of the brain structures and abnormalities.  Finally, the computed measurements are
summarized into an electronic report and (some) segmentations are overlaid on the input images.


MR outputs


Report 1:

     • unnormalized volume and volume changes (total, new, enlarging and shrinking) of FLAIR white
         matter hyperintensities, in different regions (peri-ventricular, juxta-cortical, infra-tentorial, deep
         white matter).
     • unnormalized volume and volume changes (total, new, enlarging and shrinking) of T1 white
         matter hyperintensities and hypointensities.
     • normalized volume and volume changes of the whole brain (sum of white and gray matter),
     • normalized volume and volume changes of gray matter


Report 2:

     • normalized volume and volume changes of the frontal, temporal and parietal lobe
     • normalized volume and volume changes of the hippocampi
     • unnormalized volume and volume changes of FLAIR white matter hyperintensities


Report 3:

     • unnormalized volume and volume changes (total, new, enlarging and shrinking) of FLAIR white
         matter hyperintensities, in different regions (sub-cortical, corpus callosum, brainstem)
     • normalized volume and volume changes of the cortical gray matter
     • normalized volume and volume changes of the hippocampi


Report 4:

     • unnormalized volume and volume changes (total, new, enlarging and shrinking) of juxtacortical
        FLAIR white matter hyperintensities
     • normalized volume and volume changes of the left and right hippocampi
     • asymmetry index between the left and right hippocampi


                                                                        4 / 8

The whole brain, gray matter, cortical gray matter, frontal lobe, temporal lobe, parietal lobe and
hippocampal volumes are normalized for head size by comparing to a healthy population using a
statistical model. Asymmetry index between the left and right hippocampi is also compared to a healthy
population. The reported FLAIR or T1 white matter hyperintensities or hypointensities volumes are not
normalized since they are not comparable to a reference population.


CT outputs


Report 1:

     • normalized volume of the whole brain (sum of white and gray matter)
     • normalized volume of the lateral ventricles


This report is useful to be applied in (potential) dementia patients.


Report 2:

     • unnormalized measurement of the midline shift, i.e. the shift of the brain past its center line
     • unnormalized volumes of NCCT hyperdensities (epidural, subdural, intraparenchymal and their
            total); and largest hyperdensity component
     • normalized volumes of the left and right lateral ventricles, and of the fourth ventricle
     • normalized volumes of basal cisterns (suprasellar, quadrigeminal, prepontine & ambient)
     • asymmetry index between the left and right lateral ventricle


This report is useful to be applied in (potential) TBI patients.


The whole brain, ventricles and cisterns volumes are normalized for head size by comparing to a healthy
population using a statistical model. The reported CT hyperdensities volumes are not normalized since
they are not comparable to a reference population.


6.5 Intended use


ico brain  is intended for automatic labeling, visualization and volumetric quantification of segmentable
brain structures from a set of MR or NCCT images. This software is intended to automate the current
manual process of identifying, labeling and quantifying the volume of segmentable brain structures
identified on MR or NCCT images.


ico brain consists of two distinct image processing pipelines: icobrain cross and ico brain long.

     • ico brain cross is intended to provide volumes from MR or NCCT images acquired at a single
         time point.
     • ico brain long is intended to provide changes in volumes between two MR images that were
         acquired on the same scanner, with the same image acquisition protocol and with same
         contrast at two different timepoints.


                                                                        5 / 8

The results of ico brain cross cannot be compared with the results of icobrain long.


This intended use of the modified device  is equal to the intended use of the previously cleared predicate
device [ K181939 ].


6.6 Device modifications


ico brain 5.0 is an update of the icobrain 4.0 (the predicate device). The modifications of the device
mostly include new measurements of brain segmentable structures, new output reports, new output
images, and new output format.


New measurements:

     • normalized volume and volume changes of the the left and right hippocampi,
     • unnormalized volumes  of NCCT hyperdensities  in  different regions  (epidural,  subdural,
         intraparenchymal and their total); and largest hyperdensity component,
     • normalized volumes of the left and right lateral ventricles, and of the fourth ventricle.


These new measurements, together with the original measurements, are now included in the previously
available report types, as well as a new report type for MR input.


New output images include:

     • the segmentation of NCCT hyperdensities, color-coded for the region and overlaid on the
         input NCCT image,
     • the segmentation of the left and right lateral ventricles, and of the fourth ventricle, overlaid on
         the input NCCT image.


New output formats:

     • DICOM structured report representation of a natural language report
     • DICOM encapsulated PDF representation of a natural language report


6.7 Performance testing


Quality and safety


ico brain has been designed, developed and tested in accordance with the following product and
process standards:

     • ISO 14971:2007 Medical devices - Application of risk management to medical devices
     • IEC 62304:2006 Medical device software - Software life-cycle processes


                                                                        6 / 8

• IEC 62366:2014 Medical devices - Application of usability engineering to medical devices
     • ISO 12052:2006 Digital imaging and communication in medicine (DICOM)
     • CFR 21 part 820 Quality System Regulation for Medical Devices
     • ISO 13485:2016 Medical devices - Quality management systems


The changes made in ico brain compared to the original device do not affect the safety of the device.
This conclusion is based on:

     • Failure mode and effects analysis on the added functionality.
     • Risk category classification of new software components.


Product performance


To demonstrate the performance  of  ico brain , the measured volumes and volume changes  of
the segmentable brain structures are validated for accuracy and reproducibility. The subjects upon
whom the device was tested include healthy subjects, Alzheimer’s disease patients, multiple sclerosis
patients, traumatic brain injury patients, depression patients.


In the accuracy experiments, the volumes / volume changes are compared to simulated and/or manually
labeled ground truth volumes  / volume changes; in the reproducibility experiments, the volumes  /
volume changes are compared on test-retest image data sets. A literature review has been performed
to set relevant acceptance criteria for each type of experiment. The acceptance criteria were based on

        th
the 90  percentile of the absolute differences in comparison to the validation threshold. All experiments
passed the acceptance criteria.


The experiments encompassed 463 MR and 618 CT subject datasets in total. Averaged over all MR
experiments, the Pearson correlation coefficient between the compared measurements was 0.91 and
the  intraclass  correlation  coefficient was  0.90. Averaged over  all CT experiments, the Pearson
correlation coefficient between the compared measurements was 0.94 and the intraclass correlation
coefficient was 0.93.


Besides the validation experiments, verification tests demonstrate the system as a whole provides all the
capabilities necessary to operate according to its intended use.


6.8 Conclusions


Because of the identical intended use same and technological characteristics, icobrain 5.0 is substantially
equivalent to a device (ico brain 4.0) that has been approved in the United States. The performance
testing demonstrates that icobrain 5.0 is as safe and effective as the predicate device.


                                                                        7 / 8

Declarations:     • This summary includes only information that is also covered in the body of the
                       510(k).
                • This summary does not contain any puffery or unsubstantiated labeling claims.
                • This summary does not contain any raw data, i.e., contains only summary data.
                • This summary does not contain any trade secret or confidential commercial
                       information.
                • This summary does not contain any patient identification information.


This document is reviewed and approved by Dirk Smeets, Vice President Clinical Applications of ico
metrix, based on the present data and information.


 Signature                Date


                        26 Jul 2019


                                                                        8 / 8