Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd                         June 1, 2020
℅ Xin Gao
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
No. 2258 Chengbei Rd., Jiading Industrial District
Shanghai, Shanghai 201807
CHINA

Re: K192601
    Trade/Device Name: uWS-MR
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: April 29, 2020
    Received: May 4, 2020

Dear Xin Gao:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K192601 - Xin Gao                                                                    Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K192601

Device Name
uWS-MR


Indications for Use (Describe)
uWS-MR is a software solution intended to be used for viewing, manipulation, communication, and storage of medical
images. It supports interpretation and evaluation of examinations within healthcare institutions. It has the following
additional indications:

The MR Stitching is intended to create full-format images from overlapping MR volume data sets acquired at multiple
stages.
The Dynamic application is intended to provide a general post-processing tool for time course studies.
The Image Fusion application is intended to combine two different image series so that the displayed anatomical
structures match in both series.
MRS (MR Spectroscopy) is intended to evaluate the molecule constitution and spatial distribution of cell metabolism. It
provides a set of tools to view, process, and analyze the complex MRS data. This application supports the analysis for
both SVS (Single Voxel Spectroscopy) and CSI (Chemical Shift Imaging) data.
The MAPs application is intended to provide a number of arithmetic and statistical functions for evaluating dynamic
processes and images. These functions are applied to the grayscale values of medical images.
The MR Breast Evaluation application provides the user a tool to calculate parameter maps from contrast-enhanced timecourse images.
The Brain Perfusion application is intended to allow the visualization of temporal variations in the dynamic susceptibility
time series of MR datasets.
MR Vessel Analysis is intended to provide a tool for viewing, manipulating, and evaluating MR vascular images.
The Inner view application is intended to perform a virtual camera view through hollow structures (cavities), such as
vessels.
The DCE analysis is intended to view, manipulate, and evaluate dynamic contrast-enhanced MRI images.
The United Neuro is intended to view, manipulate, and evaluate MR neurological images.
The MR Cardiac Analysis application is intended to be used for viewing, post-processing and quantitative evaluation of
cardiac magnetic resonance data.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K192601


 Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com


                   510 (k) SUMMARY

1.  Date of Preparation:
    April 29, 2020

2.  Sponsor Identification

    Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co.,Ltd.
    No.2258 Chengbei Rd. Jiading District, 201807, Shanghai, China

    Establishment Registration Number: 3011015597

    Contact Person: Xin GAO
    Position: Regulatory Affairs Manager
     Tel: +86-021-67076888-5386
    Fax: +86-021-67076889
    Email: xin.gao@united-imaging.com

3.  Identification of Proposed Device

   Trade Name: uWS-MR
   Common Name: MR Image Post-Processing Software
    Model(s): uWS-MR

    Regulatory Information
    Classification Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Classification: II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
   Review Panel: Radiology

4.  Identification of Predicate Device(s)

    Predicate Device
    510(k) Number: K183164
    Device Name: uWS-MR


                              Page 2 of 12

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com


    Reference Device#1
    510(k) Number: K141480
    Device Name: cvi42

    Reference Device#2
    510(k) Number: K153022
    Device Name: Philips Medical Systems Nederland BV


5.  Device Description

uWS-MR is a comprehensive software solution designed to process, review and analyze
MR (Magnetic Resonance Imaging) studies. It can be used as a stand-alone SaMD or a
post processing application option for cleared UIH (Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare
Co.,Ltd.) MR Scanners. It can transfer images in DICOM 3.0 format over a medical
imaging network or import images from external storage devices such as CD/DVDs or
flash drives. These images can be functional data, as well as anatomical datasets. It can be
at one or more time-points or include one or more time-frames. Multiple display formats
including MIP and volume rendering and multiple statistical analysis including mean,
maximum and minimum over a user-defined region is supported. A trained, licensed
physician can interpret these displayed images as well as the statistics as per standard
practice.

This Traditional 510(k) is to request modification for the cleared Picture archiving and
communications system (uWS-MR) which have been cleared by FDA via K183164 on
March 22, 2019.

The modifications performed on the uWS-MR (K183164) in this submission are due to
the change of the advanced application (United Neuro) and addition of a new advanced
application (MR Cardiac Analysis).

6.  Indications for use

uWS-MR is a software solution intended to be used for viewing, manipulation,
communication, and storage of medical images. It supports interpretation and evaluation
of examinations within healthcare institutions. It has the following additional indications:

  The MR Stitching is intended to create full-format images from overlapping MR
   volume data sets acquired at multiple stages.


                              Page 3 of 12

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com

  The Dynamic application is intended to provide a general post-processing tool for
    time course studies.
  The Image Fusion application is intended to combine two different image series so
     that the displayed anatomical structures match in both series.
  MRS (MR Spectroscopy) is intended to evaluate the molecule constitution and spatial
     distribution of cell metabolism. It provides a set of tools to view, process, and
    analyze the complex MRS data. This application supports the analysis for both SVS
    (Single Voxel Spectroscopy) and CSI (Chemical Shift Imaging) data.
  The MAPs application is intended to provide a number of arithmetic and statistical
    functions for evaluating dynamic processes and images. These functions are applied
    to the grayscale values of medical images.
  The MR Breast Evaluation application provides the user a tool to calculate parameter
   maps from contrast-enhanced time-course images.
  The Brain Perfusion application is intended to allow the visualization of temporal
    variations in the dynamic susceptibility time series of MR datasets.
  MR Vessel Analysis is intended to provide a tool for viewing, manipulating, and
    evaluating MR vascular images.
  The Inner view application is intended to perform a virtual camera view through
    hollow structures (cavities), such as vessels.
  The DCE analysis is intended to view, manipulate, and evaluate dynamic contrastenhanced MRI images.
  The United Neuro is intended to view, manipulate, and evaluate MR neurological
    images.
  The MR Cardiac Analysis application is intended to be used for viewing, postprocessing and quantitative evaluation of cardiac magnetic resonance data.


7. Summary of Technological Characteristics
   The technology characteristics of the modified uWS-MR, reflected in this 510(k)
    submission, do not alter the scientific technology of the devices and are substantially
    equivalent to those of the predicate devices.

   The  following  tables compare  the  modified  features,  principles  of  operation,
    fundamental scientific technology and intended use of uWS-MR when compared to
    the predicate devices.


                              Page 4 of 12

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
www.united-imaging.com

                                        Table 1 Substantial equivalent discussion for basic functions
Item                 Proposed Device                         Predicate Device                   Remark
                uWS-MR                      uWS-MR (K183164)
General
Device Classification     Picture Archiving and Communications      Picture Archiving and Communications    Same
Name                 System                               System
Product Code          QIH, LLZ                       LLZ                             Same

Regulation Number     21 CFR 892.2050                      21 CFR 892.2050                    Same

Device Class                II                                                     II                               Same

Classification Panel     Radiology                              Radiology                         Same
                                                                                          The proposed
                                                                                                           device includes
                                                                                           more
                                                                                                                       applications,
                                                                                                which is
                                                                                                              discussed in
                                                                                                                   the following
Advanced Application   Yes                                Yes                                          chapters, than
                                                                                                                   the predicate
                                                                                                                   device. This
                                                                                                                   difference will
                                                                                                              not impact the
                                                                                                                     safety and
                                                                                                                     effectiveness
                                                                                                                of the device.


                                               Page 5 of 12

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
www.united-imaging.com

Item                 Proposed Device                         Predicate Device                   Remark
                uWS-MR                      uWS-MR (K183164)
                uWS-MR is a software solution intended to uWS-MR is a software solution intended to  The indications
                      be  used   for  viewing,   manipulation,  be  used   for  viewing,  manipulation,  for use is
                       communication, and  storage of medical  communication, and storage of medical  supplemented.
                        images.   It  supports  interpretation  and  images.   It  supports  interpretation  and  The proposed
                         evaluation    of   examinations   within  evaluation   of   examinations   within  device includes
                         healthcare institutions. It has the following  healthcare institutions. It has the following  more
                          additional indications:                       additional indications:                       applications,
                                                                                                which is                         The MR Stitching is intended to create     The MR Stitching is intended to create
                                                                                                              discussed in                              full-format images from overlapping         full-format images from overlapping
                                                                                                                   the following               MR volume data sets acquired at       MR volume data sets acquired at
                                                                                                                      chapters. This                             multiple stages.                             multiple stages.
                                                                                                                   difference will
                         The Dynamic application is intended      The Dynamic application is intended                                                                                                              not impact theIndications for use
                               to provide a general post-processing          to provide a general post-processing                                                                                                                     safety and
                               tool for time course studies.                  tool for time course studies.                                                                                                                     effectiveness
                         The Image Fusion application is          The Image Fusion application is         of the device.
                            intended to combine two different           intended to combine two different
                        image series so that the displayed          image series so that the displayed
                           anatomical structures match in both         anatomical structures match in both
                                 series.                                            series.

                        MRS (MR Spectroscopy) is intended     MRS (MR Spectroscopy) is intended
                               to evaluate the molecule constitution         to evaluate the molecule constitution
                         and spatial distribution of cell             and spatial distribution of cell
                           metabolism. It provides a set of tools        metabolism. It provides a set of tools
                               to view, process, and analyze the             to view, process, and analyze the


                                               Page 6 of 12

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
www.united-imaging.com

Item                 Proposed Device                         Predicate Device                   Remark
                uWS-MR                      uWS-MR (K183164)
                        complex MRS data. This application       complex MRS data. This application
                            supports the analysis for both SVS          supports the analysis for both SVS
                             (Single Voxel Spectroscopy) and CSI        (Single Voxel Spectroscopy) and CSI
                          (Chemical Shift Imaging) data.             (Chemical Shift Imaging) data.

                         The MAPs application is intended to      The MAPs application is intended to
                           provide a number of arithmetic and         provide a number of arithmetic and
                                   statistical functions for evaluating             statistical functions for evaluating
                        dynamic processes and images. These      dynamic processes and images. These
                             functions are applied to the grayscale        functions are applied to the grayscale
                            values of medical images.                  values of medical images.

                         The MR Breast Evaluation application     The MR Breast Evaluation application
                            provides the user a tool to calculate         provides the user a tool to calculate
                           parameter maps from contrast-             parameter maps from contrastenhanced time-course images.             enhanced time-course images.

                         The Brain Perfusion application is         The Brain Perfusion application is
                            intended to allow the visualization of        intended to allow the visualization of
                           temporal variations in the dynamic          temporal variations in the dynamic
                               susceptibility time series of MR              susceptibility time series of MR
                               datasets.                                       datasets.

                        MR Vessel Analysis is intended to        MR Vessel Analysis is intended to
                           provide a tool for viewing,                 provide a tool for viewing,
                            manipulating, and evaluating MR           manipulating, and evaluating MR
                             vascular images.                            vascular images.


                                               Page 7 of 12

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
www.united-imaging.com

Item                 Proposed Device                         Predicate Device                   Remark
                uWS-MR                      uWS-MR (K183164)
                         The Inner view application is intended     The Inner view application is intended
                               to perform a virtual camera view             to perform a virtual camera view
                           through hollow structures (cavities),        through hollow structures (cavities),
                          such as vessels.                          such as vessels.

                         The DCE analysis is intended to view,     The DCE analysis is intended to view,
                            manipulate, and evaluate dynamic           manipulate, and evaluate dynamic
                            contrast-enhanced MRI images.             contrast-enhanced MRI images.

                         The United Neuro is intended to view,     The United Neuro is intended to view,
                            manipulate, and evaluate MR               manipulate, and evaluate MR
                             neurological images.                        neurological images.

                         The MR Cardiac Analysis application
                                    is intended to be used for viewing,
                            post-processing and quantitative
                             evaluation of cardiac magnetic
                           resonance data.

Specification
Image communication   Yes                                Yes                              Same
Hardware /OS         Yes                                Yes                              Same
Patient Administration   Yes                                Yes                              Same
Review 2D           Yes                                Yes                              Same
Review 3D           Yes                                Yes                              Same
Filming              Yes                                Yes                              Same
Fusion               Yes                                Yes                              Same
Inner View           Yes                                Yes                              Same


                                               Page 8 of 12

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
www.united-imaging.com

Item                 Proposed Device                         Predicate Device                   Remark
                uWS-MR                      uWS-MR (K183164)
Visibility             Yes                                Yes                              Same
ROI/VOI             Yes                                Yes                              Same
MIP Display          Yes                                Yes                              Same
Compare             Yes                                Yes                              Same
Report               Yes                                Yes                                   Optimized
                                                                                                                function which
                                                                                                                        will not impact
                                                                                                                   the safety and
                                                                                                                        effectiveness.


                                     Table 2 Substantial equivalent discussion for MR Cardiac Analysis
Advanced         Function name                             Proposed device     Reference Device#1              Remark
Application                                      uWS-MR            cvi42 (K141480)
Cardiac Analysis    Cardiac Function  Type of imaging scans     MR          MR                           Same
(New application)                   Image Loading and Viewing  Yes               Yes                           Same
                          LV Contour Segmentation    Yes               Yes                           Same
                        RV Contour Segmentation    Yes               Yes                           Same
                                       Extent Definition           Yes               Yes                           Same
                                      Parameters Calculation       Yes               Yes                           Same
                           BSA standardized           Yes               Yes                           Same
                                          Polar Maps                Yes               Yes                           Same
                               Volume Curve             Yes               Yes                           Same
                                        Result Saving              Yes               Yes                           Same
                                     Report                   Yes               Yes                           Same


                                               Page 9 of 12

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com


                   Function name                             Proposed device     Reference Device#2              Remark
                                              uWS-MR              Philips IntelliSpace Cardiovascular
                                                                                 (K153022)

                  Flow Analysis    Type of imaging scans     MR          MR                           Same
                                   Image Loading and Viewing  Yes               Yes                           Same
                                           Plot vessel contour          Yes               Yes                           Same
                                       Propagate Contour          Yes               Yes                           Same
                                     Doppler Map              Yes               Yes                           Same
                                       Parameters Calculation       Yes               Yes                           Same
                                  Flow Curve               Yes               Yes                           Same
                                        Result Saving              Yes               Yes                           Same
                                      Report                   Yes               Yes                           Same
 Advanced Application           Function name           Proposed device             Predicate device          Remark
                                               uWS-MR              uWS-MR (K183164)
 United Neuro                      Type of imaging scan      MR              MR                     Same
 (Modified Application)               Motion correction           Yes                      Yes                     Same
                                         Functional activation
                                                          Yes                      Yes                     Same
                                            calculation
                                         Diffusion parameter analysis   Yes                      Yes                     Same
                                       Adjust display parameter      Yes                      Yes                     Same
                                      Fusion                    Yes                      Yes                     Same
                                         Fiber tracking              Yes                      Yes                     Same
                                         Time-Intensity curve         Yes                      Yes                     Same
                              ROI Statistics              Yes                      Yes                     Same
                                         Result Saving              Yes                      Yes                     Same
                                      Report                    Yes                      Yes                     Same
                      MR Segmentation           Yes                   No                         Note1
Note1: Provides the user-identified region segmentation, users can draw the region of interest manually, which does not affect safety
and effectiveness.


                                               Page 10 of 12

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com

8.  Performance Data

   The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial
    equivalence determination.

    Biocompatibility
    Not Applicable to the proposed device, because the device is stand-alone software.

    Electrical Safety and Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC)
    Not Applicable to the proposed device, because the device is stand-alone software.

    Software Verification and Validation
    Software verification and validation testing was provided to demonstrate safety and
    efficacy of the proposed device. This includes a hazard analysis, and the potential
    hazards have been  classified  as a moderate  level  of concern (LOC). Those
    documentations include:
           • Software Description
           • Device Hazard Analysis
           • Software Requirements Specification (SRS)
           • Software Architecture Design Chart
           • Software Development Environment Description
           • Software Verification and Validation
           • Cybersecurity Documents

   Animal Study
   No animal study was required.

    Clinical Studies
   No clinical study was required.

   Performance Verification
    Performance Evaluation Report for MR Cardiac Analysis

   Other Standards and Guidance
      NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20 Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine
      (DICOM) Set (2016).
      ISO 14971 Medical devices – Application of risk management to medical
        devices (Edition 2.0, corrected version, 2007).


                              Page 11 of 12

Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare Co., Ltd.
 Tel: +86 (21) 67076888   Fax：+86 (21) 67076889
 www.united-imaging.com

      IEC 62304 Medical device software - Software life cycle processes (Edition 1.1,
        2015).

   Summary
   The features described in this premarket submission are supported with the results of
    the  testing mentioned above;  the uWS-MR was found  to have a  safety and
    effectiveness profile that is similar to the predicate device and reference devices.

9.  Substantially Equivalent (SE) Conclusion

   The proposed device is equivalent to the predicate device with regard to safety and
     efficacy. This conclusion is based upon a comparison of intended use, technological
     characteristics, performance specification, device hazards as well as verification and
    validation results.

    In summary, the proposed device is determined to be Substantially Equivalent (SE) to
    the predicate device and reference devices.


                              Page 12 of 12