OrthoGrid Systems Inc.                                        December 7, 2019
℅ Sebastian Edin
Regulatory Affairs Consultant
3216 South Highland, Suite 202
SALT LAKE CITY UT 84106

Re: K192279
    Trade/Device Name: PhantomMSK Trauma
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: November 4, 2019
    Received: November 13, 2019

Dear Sebastian Edin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K192279 - Sebastian Edin                                                              Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K192279

Device Name
PhantomMSK Trauma


Indications for Use (Describe)

PhantomMSK Trauma is an image-processing software indicated to assist in the positioning of Orthopedic Trauma
components. It is intended to assist in precisely positioning Orthopedic Trauma components intraoperatively by measuring
their positions relative to the bone structures of interest, provided that the points of interest can be identified from
radiology images. Clinical judgement and experience are required to properly use the device. The device is not for
primary image interpretation. The software is not for use on mobile phones.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) SUMMARY         K192279
                        OrthoGrid Systems, Inc.’s PhantomMSK Trauma

Date Prepared:      08/19/2019

Submitter:           OrthoGrid Systems Inc.
                  3216 Highland Drive Suite 202
                        Salt Lake City, UT 84106
                   Phone: +1 (801) 703 5866
                       Facsimile: +1 (385) 415 2110

Contact Person:     Sebastian Edin
                     Regulatory Affairs Consultant
                  M: +1 (801) 330 3113

Name of Device:    PhantomMSK Trauma

Classification Name: Picture Archiving and Communications System (21 CFR 892.2050)

Regulatory Class:    Class II

Product Code:      LLZ

Predicate Devices:  PhantomMSK (K182332)

Device Description:

The PhantomMSK Trauma is a non-invasive software system that provides image analysis tools for
Orthopedic Trauma procedures that use fluoroscopic imaging to assist with implant, instrument and
anatomic alignment. PhantomMSK Trauma provides templating, measurement, and distortion
correction tools for intraoperative fluoroscopic image assessment. PhantomMSK Trauma does not
include any custom computer hardware and is a software-based device that can be run on a
“commercial off-the-shelf” system (i.e. PC, keyboard, mouse, touchscreen monitor etc.) that meet
minimum performance requirements. Furthermore, PhantomMSK Trauma operates on image
principles that are not vendor specific. To operate PhantomMSK Trauma, a fluoroscopic image is
acquired from a C-arm and displayed outside the sterile field, where the image analysis tools can be
used at the surgeon’s discretion.

Fluoroscopic distortion is attributed to external electromagnetic interference and the mapping of the
planar image on a curved input phosphor. The PhantomMSK Trauma uses software features in
conjunction with its radiopaque calibration array, which attaches to the C-arm image intensifier, to
calculate and correct for fluoroscopic distortion.

Intended Use / Indications for Use:

PhantomMSK Trauma is an image-processing software indicated to assist in the positioning of
Orthopedic Trauma components. It is intended to assist in precisely positioning Orthopedic Trauma
components intraoperatively by measuring their positions relative to the bone structures of interest,
provided that the points of interest can be identified from radiology images. Clinical judgement and

experience are required to properly use the device. The device is not for primary image
interpretation. The software is not for use on mobile phones.

Substantial Equivalence:

The PhantomMSK Trauma is shown to be substantially equivalent to its predicate, PhantomMSK.
The PhantomMSK Trauma has the same intended uses and similar indications, technological
characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate device. The minor differences in
indications do not alter the intended surgical use of the device and do not raise new question of
safety or effectiveness when used as labeled.

 Company          OrthoGrid Systems, Inc.       OrthoGrid Systems, Inc.

 Product Name      PhantomMSK Trauma           PhantomMSK

 FDA 510(k) #                            -                       K182332

 Product Code               LLZ                        LLZ

 Principles of      The subject device is an       The predicate device is an image
 Operation        image processing software. A   processing software. A
                     fluoroscopic image is acquired  fluoroscopic image is acquired
                   from a C-arm by the software   from a C-arm by the software and
                 and displayed outside the       displayed outside the sterile field,
                         sterile field, where the image   where the image analysis tools
                     analysis tools can be used at   can be used at the surgeon’s
                    the surgeon’s discretion.         discretion.

 Image Data       C-arm, X-ray                 C-arm, X-ray

 Features           Templating, distortion          Templating, distortion correction,
                      correction, measurements,     measurements.
              PACS and Network
                       compatibility.


Testing:

Verification and validation testing were done at the code and system level according to written test
protocols established before testing was conducted to ensure that all templating overlay,
measurement, and distortion correction tools performed as expected. Specifically, testing was
performed with the GE OEC 9900 and 9800 Composite Video Signal and for C-arms having an outer
diameter of the image intensifier ranging between 34.5 to 38.5 cm and 28.6 to 33 cm.

The test results were reviewed by designated technical professionals to ensure acceptability criteria
were satisfied prior to the release of the software.

The results are summarized in test summary reports. The conclusion states that:

•   Verification strategies and test procedures used are appropriate
    •  System test procedures trace to requirements
    •   All requirements are tested or otherwise verified
    •   Test results meet the required pass/fail criteria

Conclusion:

The PhantomMSK Trauma is shown to be substantially equivalent to its predicate, PhantomMSK.
The PhantomMSK Trauma has the same intended uses and similar indications, technological
characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate device. The minor differences in
indications do not alter the intended surgical use of the device and do not raise new question of
safety or effectiveness when used as labeled. In addition, performance data demonstrate that the
PhantomMSK Trauma does not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness. Thus, the
PhantomMSK Trauma is substantially equivalent.