IB Lab GmbH                                              November 5, 2019
℅ John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.
Regulatory Counsel
Hogan Lovells US LLP
Columbia Square
555 Thirteenth Street, NW
WASHINGTON DC 20004

Re: K192109
    Trade/Device Name: KOALA
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ, JAK
    Dated: October 11, 2019
    Received: October 11, 2019

Dear Dr. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 0 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K192109 - John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.                                                      Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K192109
Device Name
KOALA
Indications for Use (Describe)
IB Lab KOALA is a radiological fully-automated image processing software device of either computed (CR) or directly
digital (DX) images intended to aid medical professionals in the measurement of minimum joint space width; the
assessment of the presence or absence of sclerosis, joint space narrowing, and osteophytes based OARSI criteria for these
parameters; and, the presence or absence of radiographic knee OA based on Kellgren & Lawrence Grading of standing,
fixed-flexion radiographs of the knee. It should not be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or solely relied upon to make
or confirm a diagnosis. The system is to be used by trained professionals including, but not limited to, radiologists,
orthopedics, physicians and medical technicians.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
[x] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) {_] Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF
111

510(k) SUMMARY              K192109
                                     IB Lab’s KOALA

Submitter

IB Lab GmbH
Hietzinger Hauptstrasse 50/10
1130 Vienna, Austria
Phone: +43 1 9051206
Contact Person: Dr. Richard Ljuhar
Date Prepared: October 11, 2019

Name of Device: KOALA
Classification Name: Picture archiving and communications system (21 C.F.R. 892.2050)
Regulatory Class: Class II
Product Code: LLZ/892.2050, JAK/892.1750

Predicate Device: Ortho Kinematics, Inc.’s VMATM System version 3.0 (K172327)

Reference Device: Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.’s HealthCCS (K172983)

Device Description

The Knee OsteoArthritis Labeling Assistant (KOALA) software provides metric measurements of the
joint space width and indicators for presence or absence of radiographic features of osteoarthritis
(OA) on posterior-anterior or anterior-posterior (PA/AP) knee X-ray images. The outputs aid clinical
professionals who are interested in the analysis of knee OA in adult patients, either suffering from
knee OA or having an elevated risk of developing the disease.

Outputs are summarized in a KOALA report that can be viewed on any FDA approved DICOM viewer
workstation. KOALA operates in a Linux environment and can be deployed to be compatible with any
operating system supporting the third-party software Docker. The integration environment has to
support KOALA data input and output requirements. The device does not interact with the patient
directly, nor does it control any life-sustaining devices.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

IB Lab KOALA is a radiological fully-automated image processing software device of either computed
(CR) or directly digital (DX) images intended to aid medical professionals in the measurement of
minimum joint space width; the assessment of the presence or absence of sclerosis, joint space
narrowing, and osteophytes based OARSI  criteria for these parameters; and, the presence or
absence of radiographic knee OA based on Kellgren & Lawrence Grading of standing, fixed-flexion
radiographs of the knee. It should not be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or solely relied upon to
make or confirm a diagnosis. The system is to be used by trained professionals including, but not
limited to, radiologists, orthopedics, physicians and medical technicians.


                                                                                        116

Summary of Technological Characteristics

    The following technological similarities and differences exist between the subject and predicate
     devices. The predicate and subject software utilize computer vision and machine learning algorithms
      trained on medical images. The machine-learning algorithms allow for high accuracy in the detection
    and measurement of OA related symptoms visible on knee radiographs.

    A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.

                                               Ortho Kinematics,
                                                                     Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.’s
                    IB Lab’s KOALA Software        Inc.’s VMA System
    Feature                                                           HealthCCS Software
                         (Subject Device)          (K172327, Predicate
                                                                        (K172983, Reference Device)
                                                        Device)

Classification                                    System, Image
                 System, Image Processing,                           Computed Tomography X-Ray
Name and                                          Processing, Radiological
                   Radiological (LLZ)                                    System (JAK)
Product Code                                      (LLZ)

Runs on Server   Yes                         Yes                  Yes


             DICOM compliant images
                                     DICOM compliant
                    collected in other devices in
Image Input                                    images inputted from    DICOM
                     either digitally computed (CR) or
                                                    cleared PACS
                      directly digital (DX) formats


Anatomical Area   Joint (knee)                     Spine                   Heart (coronary artery)


               Knee detection;                 Semi-automated
Image
               Landmark detection;                vertebral body              Calcification location marking
Processing
                    Joint space detection              templating and tracking


Measurements   Yes                         Yes                  Yes

Grading based
on               Yes, cutoffs on grades         No                   Yes
measurements

Human
Intervention for    Required                       Required                Required
interpretation

                                                   Physicians and clinical
Intended User     Trained professionals                                      Health care professionals
                                                      professionals


    Performance Data

     Software verification and validation testing was completed for the subject device. The software
     functioned as intended and all results observed were as expected.

    The company performed standalone clinical performance validation on a dataset of images from a
      large longitudinal US study, Osteoarthritis Initiative (OAI) study. This dataset contained a total of
    6597 radiographs, representing 1149  individuals  for which ground  truth grading  for Kellgren


                                                                                             117

Lawrence grades, as well as osteophyte, sclerosis and joint space narrowing grades according to the
OARSI  (Osteoarthritis Research  Society  International)  guidelines, was  established by  three
physicians following adjudication procedures for discrepancies.

The quality of the  joint space width (JSW) measurements was quantified by orthogonal linear
regression against reference measurements. The performance of the indicators was assessed by
calculating  its accuracy matrix (confusion matrix) against the reference standard and calculating
sensitivity and specificity.


The status indicator outputs of KOALA performed as follows

               Status Indicator                         Sensitivity                Specificity
                                              (95% CI)              (95% CI)
            Kellgren-Lawrence status                       0.87                     0.83
                   (KL ≥ 2)                                (0.84, 0.9)                   (0.8, 0.86)
           Joint Space Narrowing Status                     0.83                       0.8
           (JSN OARSI grade > 0)                         (0.8, 0.86)                 (0.76, 0.83)
              Osteophytosis status                         0.86                     0.79
             (Ost OARSI grade > 0 )                        (0.81, 0.9)                 (0.76, 0.83)
                  Sclerosis status                           0.82                       0.8
               (Scl OARSI grade > 0 )                          (0.8, 0.87)                 (0.76, 0.83)

In addition, the accuracy of the joint space width measurements was compared to equivalent
measurements also provided as part of the outputs from the longitudinal study mentioned above,
using orthogonal linear regressions.


                                      Slope         Intercept
                                               [mm]
                           Medial        1.02             -0.08
                                           (0.99 ; 1.05)     (-0.22 ; 0.03)
                              Lateral        0.97            0.08
                                           (0.93 ; 1.00)     (-0.15 ; 0.30)

The analysis supports good agreement between the two sets of measurements.

In summary, performance validation data establish that KOALA is an effective image processing
device  that provides  reliable measurements and accurate  indicators  for presence/absence  of
radiographic features relevant for the diagnosis and classification of osteoarthritis. Thus, the device
performs as intended and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

Conclusions

KOALA is as safe and effective as the predicate device. The subject device has the same intended
uses and similar indications, technological characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate
device. The minor differences between subject and predicate device in indications do not alter the
intended use of the device and do not raise new or different questions regarding its safety and
effectiveness when used as labeled. Performance data demonstrate that the device performs as
intended. Thus, KOALA is substantially equivalent.


                                                                                        118