Aidoc Medical, Ltd.                                           December 20, 2019
℅ John Smith
Regulatory Counsel
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20004

Re: K192383
    Trade/Device Name: BriefCase
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Aided Triage And Notification Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: November 22, 2019
    Received: November 22, 2019

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K192383 - John Smith                                                                 Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES         Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                 Food and Drug Administration                        Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                                                         See PRA Statement below            Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K192383

Device Name

BriefCase
Indications for Use (Describe)

BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the
analysis of head CTA images. The device is intended to assist hospital networks and trained
radiologists in workflow triage by flagging and communication of suspected positive findings of
Large Vessel Occlusion (LVO) pathologies.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with
detected findings on a standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care
image interpretation. The user is presented with notifications for cases with suspected findings.
Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only
and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original
medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and
based on  their professional judgment, to assist with  triage/prioritization of medical images.
Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
☒ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) ☐ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
                 CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

            This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
   *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per
         response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather
        and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information.
        Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information
           collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                          Department of Health and Human
                             Services Food and Drug Administration
                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                          Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                           PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
    “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                       information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                    Page 1 of 1           PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

                                                                                     040

510(k) Summary
                     Aidoc Medical, Ltd.’s BriefCase (K192383)


Submitter:

       Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
      3 Aminadav St.
        Tel-Aviv, Israel
      Phone:             +972-73-7946870

       Contact Person:      N. Epstein, Ph.D.

      Date Prepared:      December 16, 2019

Name of Device:            BriefCase

Classification Name:         Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
                            device

Regulatory Class:          Class II

Product Code:          QAS (21 C.F.R. 892.2080)

Primary Predicate Device:   BriefCase (K180647, for ICH triage)

Secondary Predicate Device: ContaCT (DEN170073)

Device Description

BriefCase is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device. The
software system  is based on an algorithm programmed component and  is comprised of a
standard off-the-shelf operating system, the Microsoft Windows server 2012 64bit, and additional
applications, which include PostgreSQL, DICOM module and the BriefCase Image Processing
Application. The device consists of the following three modules: (1) Aidoc Hospital Server (AHS)
for image acquisition; (2) Aidoc Cloud Server (ACS) for image processing; and (3) Aidoc Worklist
Application for workflow integration, installed on the radiologist’ desktop and provides the user
interface in which notifications from the BriefCase software are received.

DICOM images are received, saved, filtered and de-identified before processing.  Series are
processed chronologically by running an algorithm on each series to detect suspected findings
and then notifications on flagged series are sent to the Worklist desktop application, thereby
prompting preemptive triage and prioritization. The user may opt to  filter out notifications by
pathology, e.g. a chest radiologist may choose to  filter out notifications on Large Vessel
Occlusion (LVO) cases, and a neuro-radiologist would opt to divert Pulmonary Embolism (PE)
notifications. In addition, where several medical centers are linked to a shared PACS, a user may
read cases for a certain center but not for another, and thus may opt to filter out notification by
center. Activating the filter does not impact the order in which notifications are presented in the
Aidoc worklist application.

The Worklist Application displays the pop-up text notifications of new studies with suspected
findings when they come in.  Notifications are in the form of a small pop-up containing patient
name, accession number and the relevant pathology (e.g., LVO). A list of all incoming cases
with suspected findings is also displayed. Hovering over a notification or a case in the worklist
pops up a compressed, small black and white, unmarked image that is captioned “not for

diagnostic use” and  is  displayed as a preview  function.   This compressed preview  is
meant for informational purposes only, does not contain any marking of the findings, and is not
intended for primary diagnosis beyond notification.

Presenting the radiologist with notification facilitates earlier triage by prompting the user to
assess the relevant original images in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention
earlier than would have been the case in the standard of care practice alone.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the
analysis of head CTA images. The device is intended to assist hospital networks and trained
radiologists in workflow triage by flagging and communication of suspected positive findings of
Large Vessel Occlusion (LVO) pathologies.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with
detected findings on a standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care
image interpretation. The user is presented with notifications for cases with suspected findings.
Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only
and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original
medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and
based on  their professional judgment, to assist with  triage/prioritization of medical images.
Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The subject BriefCase for LVO triage and primary predicate BriefCase for ICH triage (K180647)
are identical in all aspects and differ only with respect to the training of the algorithm on LVO and
ICH images, respectively.  The addition of a notification filter feature to the software platform
design is considered a minor change which does not alter the safety and efficacy profile of the
device.

Both devices are radiological computer-aided triage and notification software programs.  Both
devices are artificial intelligence algorithms incorporated software packages for use with CT
scanners, PACS, and radiology workstations. Both devices are intended to aid in triage and
prioritization of radiological images and utilize the same design of deep learning algorithm trained
on medical images. They differ only with regard to the training on image type, specifically, the
predicate device processes head CTs and is indicated for intracranial hemorrhage triage, while
the subject device processes head CTA images and is indicated for Large Vessel Occlusion
(LVO) triage. Both devices are intended to provide radiologists with notifications and unannotated
low-quality preview images of suspect studies for the purpose of preemptive triage.

Both software devices  notify the attending  radiologist  of the  availability  of time  sensitive
radiological images for review based on computer aided image analysis.  Both devices send
notifications within the range of several minutes from the time a case comes in for processing as
well as compressed previews to the radiology workstations’ desktop.  Notifications are meant to
prompt the radiologist to start preemptive triage of a flagged case, upon which he may decide
after observing the unannotated, low  quality preview on  his desktop (captioned  ‘’not  for
diagnostic use’’), to turn to the local PACS to perform evaluation of the original series earlier than
would have been the case without BriefCase.

Thus, the subject and primary predicate BriefCase  raise the same types  of  safety and
effectiveness questions, namely, accurate detection of findings within the processed study. It is
important to note that, like the predicate, the subject device does not remove cases from the
standard of care reading queue. Both devices operate in parallel with the standard of care, which
remains the default option for all cases.

In addition,  it is also important to note that the proposed indications for use are substantially
equivalent to a secondary predicate, the ContaCT device (DEN170073), which is cleared for LVO
triage. Both devices send triage notifications as well as compressed preview images within the
range of several minutes from the time a case comes in for processing. A table comparing the
key features of the subject and the predicate devices is provided below.

The ContaCT differs from the subject device regarding the party receiving the notifications. While
the ContaCT sends notifications on time-sensitive cases with a critical finding to a neurovascular
specialist, the subject device sends them to the radiologist who then contacts a specialist
(neurologist, neuro-interventionalist or any other clinician capable of treating stroke patients).
Yet, there is clinical benefit in the subject workflow similar to alerting a radiologist of an ICH (or
an LVO in this case).  Thus,  it is relevant to report time-to-notification to alert a radiologist, as
well as estimate the time-to-open, based on the alert and worst-case assumption for responding.
In addition, the subject device features a notification filter that enables the user to refrain from
receiving certain notifications, per pathology or per center.

Lastly, again, all three devices do not remove cases from the standard reading queue and are
operating in parallel to the standard of care, which remains the default option for all cases.

Table 1. Key feature comparison
                         Subject Device                Primary Predicate Device          Secondary Predicate Device
                Aidoc Briefcase for LVO triage      Aidoc Briefcase for ICH triage            Viz.AI ContaCT Software
                                                             (K180647)                       (DEN170073)
Intended Use /   BriefCase is a radiological computer   BriefCase is a radiological computer    ContaCT is a notification-only, parallel
Indications for    aided triage and notification software   aided triage and notification software    workflow tool for use by hospital
Use              indicated for use in the analysis of      indicated for use in the analysis of      networks and trained clinicians to
              head CTA images. The device is      non-enhanced head CT images.          identify and communicate images of
                 intended to assist hospital networks   The device is intended to                 specific patients to a specialist,
              and trained radiologists in workflow     assist hospital networks and trained     independent of standard of care
                   triage by flagging and                   radiologists in workflow triage           workflow.
                communication of suspected positive  by flagging and communication of
                   findings of Large Vessel Occlusion    suspected positive findings of         ContaCT uses an artificial intelligence
               (LVO) pathologies.                    pathologies in head CT images,         algorithm to analyze images for
                                                namely Intracranial Hemorrhage         findings suggestive of a pre-specified
                 BriefCase uses an artificial             (ICH).                                         clinical condition and to notify an
                   intelligence algorithm to analyze                                               appropriate medical specialist of these
               images and highlight cases with       BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence   findings in parallel to standard of care
                 detected findings on a standalone      algorithm to analyze images and       image interpretation. Identification of
                desktop application in parallel to the    highlight cases with detected ICH on a  suspected findings is not for diagnostic
                ongoing standard of care image       standalone desktop application in      use beyond notification. Specifically,
                    interpretation. The user is presented    parallel to the ongoing standard of       the device analyzes CT angiogram
                  with notifications for cases with        care image interpretation. The user is   images of the brain acquired in the
                suspected findings. Notifications       presented with notifications for cases    acute setting and sends notifications
                  include compressed preview images   with suspected ICH findings.             to a neurovascular specialist that a
                   that are meant for informational         Notifications include compressed       suspected large vessel occlusion has
                purposes only and not intended for    preview images that are              been identified and recommends
                  diagnostic use beyond notification.    meant for informational purposes only   review of those images. Images can
              The device does not alter the original  and not intended for diagnostic use     be previewed through a mobile
                medical image and is not intended to  beyond notification. The device does    application.
              be used as a diagnostic device.        not alter the original medical image
                                              and is not intended to be used as a     Images that are previewed through the
              The results of BriefCase are           diagnostic device.                     mobile application are compressed
                 intended to be used in conjunction                                     and are for informational purposes
                  with other patient information and     The results of BriefCase are intended    only and not intended for diagnostic
               based on their professional             to be used in conjunction with other     use beyond notification. Notified
                 judgment, to assist with                 patient information and based on         clinicians are responsible for viewing

triage/prioritization of medical          professional judgment, to assist with    non-compressed images on a
                images. Notified clinicians are           triage/prioritization of medical images.   diagnostic viewer and engaging in
                 responsible for viewing full images     Notified clinicians are responsible for    appropriate patient evaluation and
                 per the standard of care.              viewing full images per the standard of   relevant discussion with a treating
                                                         care.                                  physician before making care-related
                                                                                              decisions or requests. ContaCT is
                                                                                                          limited to analysis of imaging data and
                                                                                         should not be used in-lieu of full
                                                                                                      patient evaluation or relied upon to
                                                                       make or confirm diagnosis.
User population  Radiologist                            Radiologist                                Clinician (e.g., neurovascular
                                                                                                            specialist)
Anatomical     Head                         Head                          Head
region of
interest
Inclusion/         Inclusion criteria                        Inclusion Criteria                         Inclusion Criteria:
Exclusion             Head CTA protocol with a 64-          Head non-enhanced CT (NECT)         The patient is older than 22 years
criteria                slice scanner or higher;                with a 64-slice scanner or higher;        of age when presenting to the
                         Scans performed on                      Scans performed on                    healthcare facility;
                        adults/transitional adults ≥ 18           adults/transitional adults ≥ 18             The images were from patients
                    years of age;                        years of age;                    who underwent a stroke protocol
                          Slice thickness 0.5 mm – 1.0 mm.      Slice thickness 0.625 mm to 5.1        assessment;
                                          mm.                          and
                 Exclusion Criteria                                                                                  Head and neck CTA.
                          All scans that are technically       Exclusion Criteria
                    inadequate, including motion            All scans that are technically         Exclusion Criteria:
                         artifacts, severe metal artifacts,        inadequate; including motion        Series used to identify potential LVOs
                     sub-optimal bolus timing or an           artifacts, severe metal artifacts,     were axial thin slice CTAs. CTA series
                   inadequate field of view.              inadequate field of view, etc.      may have been excluded because of
                                                                                                               insufficient technical quality. Exclusion
                                                                                                                     criteria included:

                                                                                                                                Series containing metal artifacts in
                                                                                                  the soft matter of the brain;
                                                                                                                                Series that are non-axial;
                                                                                                                                Series containing missing slices;
                                                                                                                                Series displaying no visible

contrast due to bad bolus timing
                                                                                                  during the series acquisition
                                                                                                process;
                                                                                                                                Series containing inconsistent pixel
                                                                                                 spacing;
                                                                                                                                Series containing slices thicker
                                                                                             than 0.625mm;
                                                                                                                                Series containing improperly
                                                                                            ordered slices (e.g. as a result of
                                                                                   manual correction by an Imaging
                                                                                                          technician); and
                                                                                             Series containing an incomplete skull.


View DICOM   DICOM Information about the       DICOM Information about the patient,  DICOM Information about the patient,
data               patient, study and current image       study and current image                study and current image
Segmentation    No; device does not mark, annotate,   No; device does not mark, annotate,    No; device does not mark, annotate,
of region of       or direct users’ attention to a specific   or direct users’ attention to a specific    or direct users’ attention to a specific
interest           location in the original image.           location in the original image.            location in the original image.

Algorithm           Artificial intelligence algorithm with       Artificial intelligence algorithm with         Artificial intelligence algorithm.
                database of images.                 database of images.
Notification/Prio  Yes                            Yes                             Yes
ritization
Preview images  Presentation of a small, compressed,  Presentation of a small, compressed,    Presentation of a small, compressed,
                 black and white preview image that    black and white preview image that is   black and white preview image that is
                      is labeled “Not for diagnostic use”;     labeled “Not for diagnostic use”;         labeled “Not for diagnostic use”.
              The device operates in parallel with   The device operates in parallel with
                 the standard of care, which remains    the standard of care, which remains
                 the default option for all cases.         the default option for all cases.
Alteration of    No                         No                          No
original image
Removal of     No                         No                          No
cases from
worklist queue
Structure             - AHS module (image acquisition);     - AHS module (image acquisition);       -  Image Forwarding Software

- ACS module (image processing);     - ACS module (image processing);       -  Image Processing and Analysis
-  Aidoc Worklist application for          -  Aidoc Worklist application for           Software
   workflow integration (worklist and      workflow integration (worklist and       -  Non-diagnostic DICOM viewing
  Image Viewer).                   Image Viewer).                       mobile application
Addition of minor changes in the
software platform, e.g. notification
filter, which neither impacts the
order in which notification come in,
nor affects the safety and efficacy
profile of the device.

Performance Data

Pivotal Study Summary

Aidoc conducted a retrospective, blinded, multicenter, study with the BriefCase software to
evaluate the software’s performance in identifying head CTA images containing Large Vessel
Occlusion (LVO) in 383 cases from 3 US-based clinical sites.

Primary Endpoint

Sensitivity and specificity exceeded the 80% performance goal. Sensitivity was 88.8% (95% CI:
81.9%, 93.8 %) and specificity was 87.2% (95% CI: 82.5%, 91.1%).

Secondary Endpoint

The positive likelihood ratio (PLR) and negative likelihood ratio (NLR) are 6.9 (95% CI: 5.0-9.6)
and 0.13 (95% CI: 0.1-0.2), respectively. The table below presents the positive predictive value
(PPV) and negative predictive value (NPV) with varying prevalence:

           Prevalence                PPV                 NPV
           10%                     43.5%                    98.6%
           15%                     55.0%                    97.8%
           20%                     63.4%                    96.9%
           25%                     69.8%                    95.9%
           30%                     74.8%                    94.8%
           35%                     78.9%                    93.5%
           40%                     82.2%                    92.1%
           45%                     85.0%                    90.5%
           50%                     87.4%                    88.6%


In addition, the time-to-notification metric observed for the BriefCase software in the three
medical centers was compared to the equivalent metric of the predicate devices.

 -  The BriefCase time-to-notification includes the time to get the DICOM exam, de-identify it,
    upload it to the cloud, analyze and send a notification on a positive suspect case back to the
     worklist application.

The BriefCase time-to-notification was measured for all True Positive cases (i.e., identified as
positive both by the reviewers as well as the BriefCase device) and is given in Table 2 below.
The Table also displays the same metric reported for the BriefCase ICH.

The time-to-notification results obtained for the subject BriefCase device show comparability with
the primary predicate with regard to time savings to the standard of care review. The BriefCase
mean time-to-notification for LVO was 3.8 min (95% CI: 3.6-4.0).  The time-to-notification for the
BriefCase for ICH triage was 4.46 minutes (95% CL: 4.10-4.83).

Table 2. Time-to- notification comparison for BriefCase devices
                                                Lower      Upper
                                  Mean
                 Parameter      N              Confidence  Confidence
                                           estimate
                                                               Limit         Limit

                Time-to-notification
                               111      3.8         3.6          4.0
                 of BriefCase LVO
                Time-to-notification
                               59      4.46       4.10        4.83
                  of BriefCase ICH

Thus, the reported similar time-to-notification data demonstrates that when using the subject
BriefCase for LVO triage the radiologists may have the same benefit in time saving as with the
BriefCase for ICH triage.

In summary, performance validation data, combined with a comparison of time-to-notification
metric  with the predicate device  establish the achievement by the  subject BriefCase  of
preemptive triage in the range of several minutes.

Conclusions

The subject BriefCase for LVO triage, the primary predicate BriefCase for ICH triage and the
secondary predicate ContaCT for LVO triage are all intended to aid in prioritization and triage of
radiological images for the indications of Large Vessel Occlusion and Intracranial Hemorrhage
respectively. The labeling of both the subject and the predicate devices clearly states that the
devices  are  not  for  diagnostic  use.   Both  devices  are  software packages  with  similar
technological characteristics and principles of operation (with minor changes in the software
platform of the subject device, such as a notification filter), both incorporating deep learning AI
algorithms that process images, and software to send notifications and display unannotated
compressed low-quality preview images. In all three devices, the labeling instructs the user to
further evaluate and diagnose based only on the original images in the local PACS.

All three devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not
change the original image, do not provide any marking on the output preview, and do not remove
images from the standard of care FIFO queue, thus not disturbing standard interpretation of the
images by  the  attending  radiologists.   The  subject and  the  primary  predicate  achieve
performance of time-to-notification metric in the range of several minutes, and thus contribute
similarly to triage and early involvement of the radiologist in evaluating suspected images of LVO
and ICH respectively.

The BriefCase device for LVO triage is thus substantially equivalent to the primary predicate
BriefCase for ICH triage on time-to-notification metric.