March 26, 2020

Preventice Technologies, Inc.
Charles Rector
VP of Quality, Regulatory & Logistics
3052 Hwy52 N, Building 003-2
Rochester, Minnesota 55901

Re: K192732
    Trade/Device Name: BodyGuardian Remote Monitoring System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1025
    Regulation Name: Arrhythmia Detector And Alarm (Including ST-Segment Measurement And Alarm)
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: DSI
    Dated: February 20, 2020
    Received: February 24, 2020

Dear Charles Rector:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K192732 - Charles Rector                                                              Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                      Jennifer W. Shih -S

                                                Jennifer Shih
                                                Assistant Director (Acting)
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                Diagnostics and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K192732

Device Name
BodyGuardian Remote Monitoring System


Indications for Use (Describe)
The BodyGuardian System detects and monitors cardiac arrhythmias in ambulatory patients,
when prescribed by a physician or other qualified healthcare professional. Not for use with
patients requiring attended, in-hospital monitoring for life threatening arrhythmias.

The Preventice BodyGuardian Remote Monitoring System is intended for use with adult and
pediatric patients in clinical and non-clinical settings to collect and transmit health parameters
to healthcare professionals for monitoring and evaluation. Health parameters are collected from
a variety of commercially available, external plug in devices such as ECG sensors, weight
scales, blood pressure meters and pulse oximeters, and parameters such as ECG, heart rate,
body weight, temperature, respiration rate, blood pressure, and SpO2.

The Preventice BodyGuardian Remote Monitoring System does not provide any diagnosis.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K192732


       510(k) Summary
       510(k) Summary  (As required by section 21 CFR 807.92(c))

       Submitter:                   Preventice Technologies, Inc.
                              3605 Hwy 52N, Building 003-2
                                   Rochester, MN 55122
      Contact Person:              Charles Rector
                                     Vice-President, Quality/Regulatory
                                 Telephone: 763-225-4977
                                    Email: crector@preventice.com


                                   Preventice Technologies, Inc.
                              3605 Hwy 52N, Building 003-2
                                   Rochester, MN 55122
      Date Prepared:            September 25, 2019

      Trade Name:               BodyGuardian Remote Monitoring System

     Common/Usual Name:      Remote Monitoring System

        Classification:             21 CFR 870.1025
                                    Patient Physiological Monitor (with arrhythmia detection)

      Product Code:               DSI

      Manufacturer:               Preventice Technologies, Inc.
                              3605 Hwy 52N, Building 003-2
                                   Rochester, MN 55122

      Establishment Registration:  3009883402

       Predicate Device:           BodyGuardian Remote Monitoring System, K151188

                                 Arrhythmia Detector and Alarm;      Device Description:
                                    Patient Physiological Monitor (with arrhythmia detection)


Preventice BodyGuardian Remote Monitoring System                                                   Page 1 of 4

K192732


       510(k) Summary  (As required by section 21 CFR 807.92(c))

                              The BodyGuardian System detects and monitors cardiac
                                  arrhythmias in ambulatory patients, when prescribed by a physician
                                  or other qualified healthcare professional. Not for use with patients
                                     requiring attended, in-hospital monitoring for life threatening
                                   arrhythmias.


                              The Preventice BodyGuardian Remote Monitoring System is
                                 intended for use with adult and pediatric patients in clinical and
      Intended Use                  non-clinical settings to collect and transmit health parameters to
                                   healthcare professionals for monitoring and evaluation. Health
                                parameters are collected from a variety of commercially available,
                                    external plug in devices such as ECG sensors, weight scales, blood
                                  pressure meters and pulse oximeters, and parameters such as ECG,
                                   heart rate, body weight, temperature, respiration rate, blood
                                    pressure, and SpO2.


                              The Preventice BodyGuardian Remote Monitoring System does not
                                  provide any diagnosis.
                              The predicate device's ECG Unit is a small, ambulatory cardiac
                                monitor that records and transmits ECG data. The subject device's
                            ECG Unit is also a small, ambulatory cardiac monitor that records
                              and transmits ECG data.

                               Both products, the predicate and subject devices, provide a data
                             hub function that connects to commercially available devices such
                                   as weight scales, blood pressure monitors, pulse oximeters, ECG
      Comparison of
                                    Units and other plug‐in devices.
       Technological
       Characteristics:
                                  For both devices, the predicate and subject devices, data is
                                   transmitted to an external device or server, depending model.  If
                                 not a server, this device sends the data to a remote computer
                                    server that allows healthcare professionals to access and review
                                  the data.

                                There are no fundamental differences between their technological
                                        characteristics.


Preventice BodyGuardian Remote Monitoring System                                                   Page 2 of 4

K192732


       510(k) Summary  (As required by section 21 CFR 807.92(c))

                            The following bench testing was conducted on the Preventice
                        BG RMS:
                                    EMC and electrical safety testing
                                     Electrical and mechanical safety testing
                                    System safety testing
                               o  Software verification and validation
                                    Performance testing
                                    Predicate device comparison tests
                                     Usability Testing

                              The following testing has been performed to support
       Non-Clinical Testing:          substantial equivalence:

                                        Biocompatibility for patient contact
                                              materials.


                              The following quality assurance measures were applied
                                   during development of this device:

                                     Failure Mode Effects Analysis/Hazard Analysis (FMEA)
                                 Design FMEAs for mechanical and RF designs
                                 Performance Requirements Testing including Final System
                                            Verification and Validation Testing, ISO 60601 Testing, Edition
                                               3.1.
                                     This technology is not new, therefore a clinical study was not
                                  considered necessary prior to release. Additionally, there was no
        Clinical Testing:                 clinical testing required to support the medical device as the
                                      indications for use is equivalent to the predicate device. The
                                     substantial equivalence of the device is supported by the nonclinical testing.


Preventice BodyGuardian Remote Monitoring System                                                   Page 3 of 4

K192732


       510(k) Summary  (As required by section 21 CFR 807.92(c))

       Conclusion:           We conclude that the results of testing show the Preventice BG
                        RMS to be substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                              The Preventice BG RMS has the same technological characteristics
                                   as the predicate device in that all devices are intended to detect,
                                     transmit, and report digital data using similar computerized
                                   technology. The Preventice BG RMS has the same intended uses as
                                  the predicate device in that all devices are intended for ambulatory
                                   monitoring. A pediatric usability study has shown no new hazards
                                  or risk associated with pediatric use.

                                                    It has been shown in this 510(k) submission that the differences
                              between the Preventice BG RMS and the predicate do not raise any
                                   questions regarding safety and effectiveness. The Preventice BG
                             RMS, as designed and manufactured, is substantially equivalent to,
                              and as safe and effective as, the referenced predicate device.


Preventice BodyGuardian Remote Monitoring System                                                   Page 4 of 4