Viz.ai, Inc.                                                 March 18, 2020
℅ Mr. Gregory Ramina
Director of Regulatory Affairs
555 De Haro St., Suite 400
SAN FRANCISCO CA 94107

Re: K193658
    Trade/Device Name: Viz ICH
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: March 2, 2020
    Received: March 2, 2020

Dear Mr. Ramina:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K193658 – Mr. Gregory Ramina                                                         Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                      Food and Drug Administration                              Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                                                                   See PRA Statement below                 Indications for Use
510(k) Number (if known)

K193658
Device Name

Viz ICH
Indications for Use (Describe)

       Viz ICH is a notification-only, parallel workflow tool for use by hospital networks and trained clinicians to
         identify and communicate images of specific patients to a specialist, independent of standard of care
       workflow.

       Viz ICH uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images for findings suggestive of a prespecified
         clinical condition and to notify an appropriate medical specialist of these findings in parallel to standard of
       care image interpretation. Identification of suspected findings is not for diagnostic use beyond notification.
        Specifically, the device analyzes non-contrast CT images of the brain acquired in the acute setting, and
      sends notifications to a neurovascular or neurosurgical specialist that a suspected intracranial hemorrhage
      has been identified and recommends review of those images. Images can be previewed through a mobile
        application.

      Images that are previewed through the mobile application may be compressed and are for informational
       purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. Notified clinicians are responsible for
       viewing non-compressed images on a diagnostic viewer and engaging in appropriate patient evaluation and
        relevant discussion with a treating physician before making care-related decisions or requests. Viz ICH is
        limited to analysis of imaging data and should not be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or relied upon to
      make or confirm diagnosis.

       Viz ICH is contraindicated for analyzing non-contrast CT scans that are acquired on scanners from
       manufacturers other than General Electric (GE) or its subsidiaries (i.e. GE Healthcare). This
        contraindication applies to NCCT scans that conform to all applicable Patient Inclusion Criteria, are of
       adequate technical image quality, and would otherwise be expected to be analyzed by the device for a
       suspected ICH.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
       ☒ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   ☐ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including
          the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and
         complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
          other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human
                                           Services Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                             Page 1 of 1                                           PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) SUMMARY
                                           Viz.ai, Inc.’s Viz ICH                   K193658

Applicant Name:      Viz.ai, Inc.
                  555 De Haro St Suite 400
                 San Francisco, CA 94107

Contact Person:     Gregory Ramina
                       Director of Regulatory Affairs
                  555 De Haro St Suite 400
                 San Francisco, CA 94107
                        Tel. (415) 663-6130
                    Greg@viz.ai

Date Prepared:      March 6, 2020

Device Name and Classification

       Name of Device:  Viz ICH

Common or Usual Name:  Radiological Computer-Assisted Triage and Notification Software

     Classification Panel:  Radiology

          Regulation No:  21 C.F.R. § 892.2080

       Regulatory Class:  Class II
          Product Code: QAS

Predicate Devices

             Manufacturer              Device Name               Application No.
              Viz.ai, Inc. (Primary)             ContaCT               DEN170073
           Aidoc Medical, Ltd.                BriefCase                 K180647

Device Description

       Viz ICH is a software-only, parallel workflow tool for use by hospital networks and trained
        clinicians  to  identify and communicate images  of  specific  patients  to an appropriate
         specialist, such as a neurovascular specialist or neurosurgeon, independent of the standard
        of care workflow. The system automatically receives and analyzes non-contrast CT (NCCT)
        studies  of  patients  for image  features  that  indicate  the presence  of an  intracranial
      hemorrhage (ICH) using an  artificial  intelligence  algorithm, and upon  detection  of a
       suspected ICH, sends a notification so as to alert a specialist clinician of the case.

Viz ICH consists of backend and mobile application component software. The Backend
       software includes a DICOM router and backend server. The DICOM router transmits NCCT
      images of the head acquired on a local healthcare network to the Backend Server.  The
      Backend Server receives, stores, processes and serves received NCCT scans.  The
      Backend Server also includes an artificial intelligence algorithm that analyzes the received
     NCCT images for image characteristics that indicate an intracranial haemorrhage (ICH) and,
      upon detection, sends a notification of the suspected finding to pre-determined specialists.

      The Viz ICH Mobile Application software receives notifications generated by the Backend of
       suspected image findings and allows the notification recipient to view the analyzed NCCT
      images through a non-diagnostic viewer, as well as patient information that was embedded
         in the image metadata.  Image viewing through the mobile application is for informational
       purposes only and is not intended for diagnostic use.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

       Viz ICH is a notification-only, parallel workflow tool for use by hospital networks and trained
        clinicians  to  identify and communicate images  of  specific  patients  to a  specialist,
       independent of standard of care workflow.

       Viz ICH uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images for findings suggestive of a
        prespecified clinical condition and to notify an appropriate medical specialist of these findings
         in parallel to standard of care image interpretation. Identification of suspected findings is not
         for diagnostic use beyond notification. Specifically, the device analyzes non-contrast CT
      images of the brain acquired in the acute setting, and sends notifications to a neurovascular
        or neurosurgical specialist that a suspected intracranial hemorrhage has been identified and
      recommends  review  of  those images. Images can be previewed  through a mobile
        application.

      Images that are previewed through the mobile application may be compressed and are for
        informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. Notified
        clinicians are responsible for viewing non-compressed images on a diagnostic viewer and
       engaging in appropriate patient evaluation and relevant discussion with a treating physician
       before making care-related decisions or requests. Viz ICH is limited to analysis of imaging
       data and should not be used in-lieu of  full patient evaluation or relied upon to make or
       confirm diagnosis.

       Viz ICH  is contraindicated  for analyzing non-contrast CT scans  that are acquired on
       scanners from manufacturers other than General Electric (GE) or its subsidiaries (i.e. GE
        Healthcare). This contraindication applies to NCCT scans that conform to  all applicable
        Patient Inclusion Criteria, are of adequate technical image quality, and would otherwise be
       expected to be analyzed by the device for a suspected ICH.


Summary of Technological Characteristics

       Viz ICH and  its primary predicate, ContaCT (DEN170073), use the same process of
       automatic data identification and transfer to send images from the local hospital network to a

remote server for image processing and analysis, i.e., via a DICOM router that automatically
       identifies relevant images on a local IT Network and transfers them to a Backend Server
      using a DICOM compliant communication protocol.

      Both Viz ICH and the ContaCT device have Backend Server software that can receive, store,
      process, and serve images that are forwarded from a DICOM router. The Backend Server
      software for each device has the same additional software functionality that interacts with the
     image management architecture, including a notifier module.

     Where Viz ICH and the primary predicate differ, namely the specific condition and image
      modality analyzed by each device’s algorithm, Viz ICH is similar to the secondary predicate,
      BriefCase (K180647), in that both software algorithms are designed to detect the same
       condition, intracranial haemorrhage (ICH), in non-contrast Computed Tomography images
     (NCCTs) of the head. Like the secondary predicate, BriefCase, the Viz ICH algorithm does
      not  externalize any  internal segmentation,  analysis,  or  intermediate  outputs used  in
      determining if an ICH is present in the NCCT, nor does either algorithm mark the analyzed
    NCCT image.

      Both Viz ICH and the ContaCT predicate support a mobile application that allows a user to
      receive push notifications, preview related images, and view patient details associated with a
       series.  The Viz ICH mobile application  is subject to the same non-diagnostic viewing
       limitations as the ContaCT predicate and has the same non-diagnostic warning on the image
      viewing screen as the predicate.  Furthermore, the mobile application for Viz ICH and the
     ContaCT predicate can perform the same image viewing functions (window, pan, level,
     zoom, scroll through a cine).

                              Viz ICH            ContaCT (DEN170073)        BriefCase (K180647)
Technological Characteristics
DICOM                          Yes                      Yes                      YesCompatible
Transfer, store,
and process                 Yes                      Yes                      Yes
DICOM images
                    Acquires medical image data   Acquires medical image data   Acquires medical image data
                      from DICOM compliant        from DICOM compliant        from DICOM compliantData Acquisition                       imaging devices and          imaging devices and          imaging devices and
                               modalities.                      modalities.                      modalities.
Image Analysis
Supported        Computed Tomography, non-    Computed Tomography,    Computed Tomography, nonImaging Modality           contrast (NCCT)          contrast-enhanced (CTA)           contrast (NCCT)
Alteration of                        No                     No                     NoOriginal Image
Results of Image                         Internal, no image marking      Internal, no image marking      Internal, no image markingAnalysis
Image Viewing Functionality
                                Initial assessment; non-            Initial assessment; non-            Initial assessment; non-Preview Images                         diagnostic purposes            diagnostic purposes            diagnostic purposes
              DICOM Information about the  DICOM Information about the  DICOM Information about theView DICOM                         patient, study and current        patient, study and current        patient, study and currentData                             image.                       image.                       image.
Image viewing               Yes                      Yes                      Yes

and manipulation
 (window, pan,
  level, zoom)


Performance Data

        Viz.ai conducted a retrospective study to assess the standalone performance of the image
        analysis algorithm and notification functionality of Viz ICH. The study evaluated the Viz ICH
      image analysis algorithm in terms of sensitivity and specificity with respect to a ground truth,
      as established by trained neuro-radiologists, in the detection of intracranial hemorrhage
       (ICH) in the brain.  In addition, the study reported and compared the time to notification for
       the Viz ICH device with respect to the time to notification for the standard of care as
       established from available radiological reports.

      261 non-contrast Computed Tomography (NCCT) scans (studies) were obtained from two
         clinical sites in the U.S. There were approximately equal numbers of positive and negative
       cases (47% of images with ICH and 53% without ICH, respectively) included in the analysis.
        Sensitivity and specificity were calculated in the image database, comparing the Viz ICH’s
       output to ground truth as established by trained neuro-radiologists. Sensitivity and specificity
      were 93% (87%-97%) and 90% (84%-94%), respectively.  Because the lower bound of
      each confidence interval exceeded 80%, the study met the pre-specified performance goals
        of 80% for sensitivity and specificity.

        In addition, the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) was 0.96
       demonstrating the clinical utility and potential benefits of the classifier based on the imaging
       study results.

In the study, the average time to alerting a specialist was 0.49±0.15 minutes, which is
substantially lower than the average time to notification seen in the Standard of Care of
38.2±84.3 minutes. This data generally demonstrates that specialists have the opportunity to
become involved in the clinical workflow early with notifications from the Viz ICH software.

As part of a secondary analysis, the company stratified the device performance by various
confounding variables:

                     Performance Stratified by Clinical Site
         Clinical Site              Sensitivity [95% Cl]          Specificity [95% Cl]
           Erlanger                 0.93 [0.85, 0.98]              0.92 [0.84, 0.97]
           Mt. Sinai                 0.92 [0.8, 0.98]              0.86 [0.75, 0.94]

                        Performance Stratified by Age
    Age Range (years)           Sensitivity [95% Cl]          Specificity [95% Cl]
           <50                    0.89 [0.52, 1.0]              0.95 [0.76, 1.0]
          50 - 70                  0.92 [0.82, 0.97]               0.9 [0.8, 0.96]
           >70                   0.94 [0.84, 0.99]             0.88 [0.76, 0.95]

Performance Stratified by Gender
               Gender                 Sensitivity [95% Cl]          Specificity [95% Cl]
                 Male                     0.9 [0.8, 0.96]                0.9 [0.8, 0.96]
                Female                  0.95 [0.86, 0.99]              0.89 [0.8, 0.95]

                          Performance Stratified by ICH Subtype
                     ICH Subtype                             Sensitivity [95% CI]
               Intraparenchymal Hemorrhage (IPH)                   0.98 [0.91, 1.0]
                   Intraventricular Hemorrhage (IVH)                    1.00 [0.74, 1.0]
               Subarachnoid Hemorrhage (SAH)                   0.60 [0.26, 0.88]
                  Subdural Hemorrhage (SDH)                     0.85 [0.62, 0.97]
                   Extradural Hemorrhage (EDH)                       N/A
                  SDH or EDH                             0.85 [0.62, 0.97]

                         Performance Stratified by Slice Thickness
                    Slice Thickness                    Sensitivity             Specificity
         2.5mm <= Slice Thickness < 3.5mm       0.93 [0.85, 0.98]       0.92 [0.83, 0.97]
        3.5mm <= Slice Thickness <= 5.0mm       0.92 [0.81, 0.98]       0.88 [0.77, 0.95]


                           Performance Stratified by ICH Volume
       Minimal Volume Threshold  Sensitivity above Threshold   Sensitivity below/equal
                 (mL)                   [95% Cl]             Threshold [95% Cl]
                  1                     0.95 [0.89, 0.98]             0.73 [0.39, 0.94]
                  5                     0.97 [0.91, 0.99]             0.81 [0.64, 0.93]
                 10                     0.99 [0.93, 1.0]              0.84 [0.7, 0.93]


Conclusions

       Viz ICH is as safe and effective as the primary predicate, ContaCT (DEN170073), in that it
      has the same intended use and  similar  indications, technological  characteristics and
        principles of operation. Where minor differences in indications exist between both devices,
       Viz ICH is similar to the secondary predicate device, BriefCase (K180647), which uses an
          artificial intelligence algorithm to detect and notify specified clinicians of an intracranial
      haemorrhage (ICH)  in NCCT scans of the head. The minor differences  in indications
      between ContaCT and Viz ICH do not alter the intended diagnostic use of the device and do
       not affect  its safety and effectiveness. In addition, the minor technological differences
      between the Viz ICH and its predicate devices raise no new issues of safety or effectiveness.
       Performance data demonstrate that Viz ICH can identify an ICH per the same primary

performance goals, in terms of sensitivity and specificity, as the BriefCase predicate and is
as safe and effective as the predicate devices. Thus, Viz ICH is substantially equivalent to
its predicate devices.