Coreline Soft Co., Ltd.                                  May 5, 2020
℅ Hye Yi Park
Deputy General Manager Strategic Business Dept.
4, 5F (Yeonnam-dong), 49, World Cup buk-ro 6-gil, Mapo-gu
Seoul, 03991
REPUBLIC OF KOREA

Re: K193220
    Trade/Device Name: AVIEW LCS
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ, JAK
    Dated: April 2, 2020
    Received: April 6, 2020

Dear Hye Yi Park:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K193220 – Hye Yi Park                                                                Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0 MB No. 0910-01 20
                          Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                 Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                                                                        See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
 K193220
Device Name
AVlliW LCS


Indications for Use (Describe)
A vmw T,CS is intended for the review and analysis and reponing of thoracic C T images for the purpose of
characterizing nodules in the hmg in a single study, or over the time course of several thoracic sh1dies Omracterizations
include nodule type, lor.:ation of Lhe nodule and measurements such as size (major axis, minor axis), t!slimated effoctive
diameter fi-om the volume of the nodule. the volume of the nodu le, Mean I HJ (the average value of the er pixel inside the
nodule in HU), Minimum HU, Max HU, mass (mass calculated from the CT pixel value), and volwnetric measures (Solid
Major; length of the longest diameter measured in 11) for a solid portion of the nodule. Solid 2nd l\tlaJor: The length of the
longest diameter of the solid pai1, measured in sections perpendicular to the Major axis of the solid portion of the nodule),
VDT (Volumr.: doubling time), and Lung-RADS (dassification proposed lo ai<l with findings). The system automaLir.:ally
performs the measurement, allowing lung nodules and measurement<; to he displayed and, also integrate with 1:n A
certified Mevis CAD (Computer-aided detection) (K.043617).


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      ~ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                  T his section applies only lo requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        T he burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time lo review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
         of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperw ork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid 0 MB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (7117)                            Page 1 of 1


                                                                                                                    2

K193220                   510(k) Summary

1 SUBMITTER

Coreline Soft Co., Ltd.
4,5F (Yeonnam-dong), 49 World Cup buk-ro 6-gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, 03991, Republic of Korea.


Phone: 82.2.517.7321
Fax: 82.2.571.7324

Contact Person: hyeyi. Park
Date Prepared: 11.15.2019

2 DEVICE

Name of Device: AVIEW LCS
Common or Usual Name: Image Processing Software
Classification Name: System, image processing, radiological (21CFR 892.2050)
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: LLZ, JAK

3 PREDICATE DEVICE

Lung Nodule Assessment and Comparison Option by Philips Medical System Nederland B.V. (K162484)

Name of Device: Lung Nodule Assessment and Comparison Option (LNA)
Common or Usual Name: Lung Nodule Assessment and Comparison Option (LNA)
Classification Name: System, image processing, radiological (21CFR 892.1750)
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: LLZ, JAK

This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall

4 REFERENCE DEVICE

Lung Analysis Software by Vital Images, Inc. (K151283)

Name of Device: Lung Analysis Software
Common or Usual Nmae: Radilolgical Image Processing Software
Classification Name: System, Image Processing, Radiological
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: JAK, LLZ


                                                                                                                     1

AVIEW by Coreline Soft Co., Ltd. (K171199)

Name of Device: AVIEW
Common or Usual Name: Image Processing Software
Classification Name: System, image processing, radiological (21CFR 892.2050)
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: LLZ

This reference device has not been subject to a design-related recall

5 DEVICEW DESCRIPTION

AVIEW LCS is intended for use as diagnostic patient imaging which is intended for the review and analysis
of thoracic CT images. Provides following features as semi-automatic nodule measurement (segmentation),
maximal plane measure, 3D measure and volumetric measures, automatic nodules detection by integration
with 3rd party CAD. Also provides cancer risk based on PANCAN risk model which calculates the malignancy
score based on numerical or Boolean inputs. Follow up support with automated nodule matching and
automatically categorize Lung-RADS score which is a quality assurance tool designed to standardize lung
cancer screening CT reporting and management recommendations that is based on type, size, size change and
other findings that is reported.
    -   Nodule measurement
                   Adding nodule by segmentation or by lines
                   Semi-automatic nodule measurement (segmentation)
                   Maximal plane measure, 3D measure and volumetric measure.
                   Automatic large vessel removal.
                    Provides various features calculated per each nodule such as size, major(longest diameter measured
                   in 2D/3D), minor (shortest diameter measured in 2D/3D), maximal plane, volume, mean HU,
             minimum HU, maximum HU for solid nodules and ratio of the longest axis for solid to non solid for
                    paritla solid nodules.
                     Fully supporting Lung-RADS workflow: US Lung-RADS and KR Lung-RADS.
                   Nodule malignancy score (PANCAN model) calculation.
                   Importing from CAD results
    -   Follow-up
                    Automatic retrieving the past data
                    Follow-up support with nodule matching and comparison
                    Automatic calculation of VDT (volume doubling time)
    -   Automatic nodule detection (CADe)
                   Seamless integration with Mevis Visia (FDA 510k Cleared)
    -   Lungs and lobes segmentation
                   Better segmentation of lungs and lobes based on deep-learning algorithms.
    -   Report
                  PDF report generation


                                                                                                                     2

    It saves or sends the pdf report and captured images in DICOM files.
                      It provides structured report including following items such as nodule type, nodule location and,
                  also input finding on nodules.
                   Reports are generated using the results of all nodules nodules detected so far (Lung RADS)
    -   Save Result
                    It saves the results in internal format

6  INDICATIONS FOR USE

AVIEW LCS  is intended for the review and analysis and reporting of thoracic CT images for the purpose of
characterizing nodules in the lung in a single study, or over the time course of several thoracic studies. Characterizations
include nodule type, location of the nodule and measurements such as size (major axis, minor axis), estimated effective
diameter from the volume of the nodule, the volume of the nodule, Mean HU (the average value of the CT pixel inside
the nodule in HU), Minimum HU, Max HU, mass (mass calculated from the CT pixel value), and volumetric measures
(Solid Major; length of the longest diameter measured in 3D for a solid portion of the nodule. Solid 2nd Major: The
length of the longest diameter of the solid part, measured in sections perpendicular to the Major axis of the solid portion
of the nodule), VDT (Volume doubling time), and Lung-RADS (classification proposed to aid with findings). The system
automatically performs the measurement, allowing lung nodules and measurements to be displayed and, also integrate
with FDA certified Mevis CAD (Computer-aided detection) (K043617).

7 COMPARISION OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH
  THE PREDICATE DEVCIE

AVIEW LCS has the same intended use and the principle of operation, and also has similar features to the
predicate devices. Lung Nodule Assessment and Comparison Option (LNA) (K162484)
There might be slight differences in features and menu, but these differences between the predicate device and
the proposed device are not so significant since they do not raise any new or potential safety risks to the user
or patient and questions of safety or effectiveness. Based on the results of software validation and verification
tests, we conclude that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.
 Characteristic     Subject Device      Primary Predicate      Reference Device     Reference Device
                                             Device
  Device Name     AVIEW LCS        Lung Nodule        Lung Analysis        AVIEW
                                       Assessment and          Software
                                   Comparison Option
                                      (LNA)
  Classification      System, image          System, image          System, image         System, image
    Name            Processing              Processing              Processing             Processing
                       Radiological            Radiological            Radiological           Radiological
  Regulatory     21 CFR 892.2050      21 CFR 892.2050      21 CFR 892.2050      21 CFR 892.2050
   Number
 Product Code       LLZ, JAK            LLZ, JAK            LLZ, JAK           LLZ
 Review Panel        Radiology             Radiology             Radiology            Radiology
 510k Number                 -                K162484            K151283            K171199
           AVIEW LCS
   Indications
            AVIEW LCS is intended for the review and analysis and reporting of thoracic CT images for the     for use
                 purpose of characterizing nodules in the lung in a single study, or over the time course of several


                                                                                                                     3

thoracic studies. Characterizations include nodule type, location of the nodule and measurements
               such as size (major axis, minor axis), estimated effective diameter from the volume of the nodule,
                 the volume of the nodule, Mean HU (the average value of the CT pixel inside the nodule in HU),
            Minimum HU, Max HU, mass (mass calculated from the CT pixel value), and volumetric measures
                 (Solid Major; length of the longest diameter measured in 3D for a solid portion of the nodule. Solid
                   2nd Major: The length of the longest diameter of the solid part, measured in sections perpendicular
                  to the Major axis of the solid portion of the nodule), VDT (Volume doubling time), and Lung-RADS
                   (classification proposed to aid with findings). The system automatically performs the measurement,
                allowing lung nodules and measurements to be displayed and, also integrate with FDA certified
              Mevis CAD (Computer-aided detection) (K043617).
            Lung Nodule Assessment and Comparison Option (LNA)
              The Lung Nodule Assessment and Comparison Option is intended for use as a diagnostic patientimaging tool. It is intended for the review and analysis of thoracic CT images, providing quantitative
               and characterizing information about nodules in the lung in a single study, or over the time course
                 of several thoracic studies. Characterizations include diameter, volume and volume over time. The
               system automatically performs the measurements, allowing lung nodules and measurements to be
                 displayed.
                Toshiba’s Lung Analysis Software
              The separately licensed Lung Analysis option is intended for the review and analysis of thoracic CT
               images for the purpose of characterizing nodules in the lung in a single study, or over the time
                course of several thoracic studies. Characterization include diameter, volume and volume over time.
              The system automatically performs the measurement, allowing lung nodules and measurement to
               be displayed.
           AVIEW
           AVIEW provides CT values for pulmonary tissue from CT thoracic datasets. This software can be
               used  to  support  the  physician  quantitatively  in  the  diagnosis. Follow-up  evaluation and
                documentation of CT lung tissue images by providing image segmentation of sub-structures in the
                     left and right lung (e.g., the five lobes and airway), volumetric and structural analysis, density
                 evaluations and reporting tools. AVIEW is also used to store, transfer, inquire and display CT data
                    sets. AVIEW is not meant for primary image Interpretation in mammography.
               IBM-compatible PC or  IBM-compatible PC or  IBM-compatible PC or  IBM-compatible PC
  Platform
            PC network         PC network         PC network             or PC network
                Monitor,      Mouse,  Monitor,      Mouse,  Monitor,      Mouse,  Monitor,    Mouse,
User Interface
              Keyboard             Keyboard             Keyboard             Keyboard
                                                                               Images    can   be
               Images can be scanned,  Images can be scanned,  Images can be scanned,
                                                                                       scanned, loaded from
                loaded   from   card  loaded   from   card  loaded   from   card
 Image Input                                                                           card    readers,   or
                  readers,  or  imported  readers,  or  imported  readers,  or  imported
   Sources                                                                          imported   from   a
               from  a  radiographic  from  a  radiographic  from  a  radiographic
                                                                                          radiographic imaging
               imaging device         imaging device         imaging device
                                                                                       device
Image format      DICOM          DICOM          DICOM          DICOM
  Intended
                       Chest                  Chest                  Chest                 Chest
  body part
Type of scans    Thoracic CT images     Thoracic CT images     Thoracic CT images
           AVIEW LCS
           AVIEW LCS is intended for use as diagnostic patient imaging which is intended for the review and
                  analysis of thoracic CT images. Provides following features as semi-automatic nodule measurement
   General      (segmentation), maximal plane measure, 3D measure and volumetric measures, automatic nodules
 Description    detection by integration with 3rd party CAD. Also provides cancer risk based on PANCAN risk
              model which calculates the malignancy score based on numerical or Boolean inputs. Follow up
                 support with automated nodule matching and automatically categorize Lung-RADS score which is
                a  quality assurance  tool designed  to standardize lung cancer screening CT reporting and


                                                                                                                    4

management recommendations that is based on type, size, size change and other findings that is
               reported.
           Lung Nodule Assessment and Comparison Option (LNA)
            The Lung Nodule Assessment and Comparison Option application  is intended for use as a
               diagnostic patient imaging tool. It is intended for the review and analysis of thoracic CT images,
              providing quantitative and characterizing information about nodules in the lung in a single study,
               or over the time course of several thoracic studies. The system automatically performs the
             measurements, allowing lung nodules and measurements to be displayed. The user interface and
             automated tools help to determine growth patterns and compose comparative reviews. The Lung
             Nodule Assessment and Comparison Option application requires the user to identify a nodule and
                to determine the type of nodule in order to use the appropriate characterization tool. Lung Nodule
             Assessment and Comparison Option may be utilized in both diagnostic and screening evaluations
              supporting Low Dose CT Lung Cancer Screening
           Lung Analysis Software
            Lung Analysis aids in measuring and characterizing lung nodules. The interface and automated tools
              help to efficiently determine growth patterns and compose comparative reviews. Lung Analysis is
              intended for the review and analysis of thoracic CT images for the purpose of characterizing nodules
                in the lung in a single study, or over the time course of several thoracic studies. Characterizations
               include  diameter, volume and volume over  time. The system automatically performs  the
             measurements, allowing lung nodules and measurements to be displayed. The Lung Analysis
              Software requires the user to identify a nodule and to determine whether it is a GGO or solid nodule
                in order to use the appropriate characterization too.
         AVIEW
            The AVIEW is a software product which can be installed on a PC. It shows images taken with the
                interface from various storage devices using DICOM 3.0 which  is the  digital image and
             communication standard in medicine.  It also offers functions such as reading. Manipulation,
               analyzing, post-processing, saving and sending images by using the software tools.
                Providing ray sum                                                     Providing ray sum
                                         Providing axial,         Providing axial,
               image, axial, sagittal,                                                 image, axial, sagittal,
                                                sagittal, coronal, and      sagittal, coronal, and
                coronal, and oblique                                                       coronal, and oblique
                                          oblique planes          oblique planes
                       planes.                                                                 planes
               Rotating to Anterior,     Rotating to Anterior,     Rotating to Anterior,    Rotating to Anterior,
                 Posterior, Left, Right,    Posterior, Left, Right,    Posterior, Left, Right,       Posterior, Left,
                Head, and Foot         Head, and Foot         Head, and Foot        Right, Head, and
                       direction                 direction                 direction            Foot direction
                                                                                        Providing VR
              Providing VR (Volume
                                                                             (Volume render),
                     render), MIP         Providing Average,      Providing Average,
                                                                MIP (Maximum
            (Maximum Intensity      MIP, VIP, MinIP,       MIP, VIP, MinIP,
                                                                                               Intensity Projection),
  Key          Projection), MinIP       SurfaceMIP, Vol,        SurfaceMIP, Vol,
                                                                          MinIP (Minimum
Functions     (Minimum Intensity           Rend.                 Rend.
                                                                                               Intensity Projection)
                  Projection) image
                                                                                  image
              Changing the color                                               Changing the color
              and transparency of                                               and transparency of
                  the VR image by                                                          the VR image by
                  adjusting the OTF      Changing the color     Changing the color      adjusting the OTF
                 (Opacity Transfer      and transparency of     and transparency of      (Opacity Transfer
               Function) and saving        the VR image            the VR image       Function) and saving
                 as a preset to easily                                                      as a preset to easily
                 apply in the VR                                                      apply in the VR
                          setting.                                                                            setting.
            2D and 3D image     2D and 3D image     2D and 3D image     2D and 3D image


                                                                                                                 5

review                 review                 review                review
    2D and 3D          2D and 3D          2D and 3D         2D and 3D
  comparative review     comparative review     comparative review    comparative review
    2D and 3D                                           2D and 3D
                  2D measurements     2D measurements
    measurements                                                    measurements
                       Segmentation of lung    Segmentation of lung     Segmentation of
   Segmentation of
                         airway, lungs and lung   airway, lungs and lung    lung airway, lungs
  Lungs and Lobes
                                 lobes                   lobes            and lung lobes
Nodule Characteristics  Nodule Characteristics  Nodule Characteristics                -
                      Automatic  calculation
Automatic  calculation
                         of  measurements  for
of  measurements  for                        Automatic  calculation
                      each segmented nodule
each segmented nodule                           of  measurements  for
                                   Short  axis-Longest
 Size  of  the  Major                         each segmented nodule
                          diameter
  axis   and   Minor                           perpendicular to the     Volume(mm³)
  axis(mm)
                         long  axis  on  the     Mean
 Diameter  of  Major
                         slice(mm)             diameter(mm)
  (3D),  2nd  Major
                                  Loung Axis-Longest     Maximum
  (3D),    Major(2D),
                          diameter on an axial     diameter(mm)
  Minor(2D) (mm)
                         slice(mm)                  Short           axis
 Volume(mm³)              Average/Max           diameter(mm)
 Max, Min, Mean HU     3D/Effective               Average/minimum/
  of the nodule((HU)      diameter(mm)        maximum densities
 Cancer   probability                        (HU)                                  Volume(mm³) Mean
  (%)
                          densities(HU)
   Comparison and        Comparison and        Comparison and
                                                                                                         -
      Matching             Matching             Matching
                     Comparison      and
                      matching    automatic
                          calculations   between
Comparison      and  each  follow-up  scan  Comparison      and
matching    automatic  and the baseline scan    matching    automatic
calculations  between    Doubling  time   in  calculations   between
each  follow-up  scan    days                each  follow-up  scan
and the baseline scan        Percent  (%)  and  and the baseline scan
 Doubling  time   in     absolute change  of     Elapsed   time   in               -
  days                         all        numerical     days
 Indicated the change    parameters  (growth     Doubling  time  in
  of the size                in nodule long axis,     days  Percent  (%)
 Auto generate Lung-     short  axis,  average     growth  in  nodule
 RADS                   diameter, max 3D    volume
                           diameter,   effective
                           diameter,   volume,
                     mean HU)
                     Loading      multiple  Loading      multiple
Loading      multiple
                          studies                   studies                                   -
studies
                 Up to 3 studies       Up to 3 studies
                    Workflow            WorkflowWorkflow
                                   Detect and Segment      Detect and Segment  Detect and Segment
                                   Comparison    and     Point-and-click                     -  Comparison    and
                        Matching                detection
  Matching                                   Results                      Automated


                                                                                                  6

  Results                                         contouring
                Option   to   integrate                                      Automated
                 with  3rd  party CAD                          measurements
                which   automatically                                     Manual correction
                   detects the nodules and
                  generate report.
                 Supporting  Low-dose  Supporting  Low-dose  Supporting  Low-dose
                                                                                                                                -
            CT              CT              CT
                                        Reporting results
                                  The results include the  Reporting results
                 Reporting results
                                           following.            The results include the
               The results include the
                                                           Patient       related  following.
                  following.
                                            information                 Dictation Table with
                          Lung-RADS
                                                           Dictation Table with    Nodule result table                 -
                          PANCAN      risk
                                      Nodule  result  table     Lung-RADS
                       calculator
                                       and       additional     Fleischer Criteria
                          Auto detect nodule
                                              findings
                      location by lobe
                                                          Lung-RADS
                                                          Risk Calculator
                   Printing Option          Printing Option          Printing Option             Printing Option

8 PERFORMANCE DATA

8.1 Nonclinical Performance Testing

This Medical device is not new; therefore, a clinical study was not considered necessary prior to release.
Additionally, there was no clinical testing required to support the medical device as the indications for use is
equivalent to the predicate device. The substantial equivalence of the device is supported by the non-clinical
testing

8.2 Software Verification and Validation

Verification, validation and testing activities were conducted to establish the performance, functionality and
reliability characteristics of the modified devices. The device passed all of the tests based on pre-determined
Pass/Fail criteria.
     -   Unit test
       Conducting Unit Test using Google C++ Unit Test Framework on major software components identified by
        software development team. List of Unit Test includes Functional test condition for software component unit,
       Performance test condition, and part of algorithm analysis for image processing algorithm.

     -  System test
        In accordance with the document ‘integration Test Cases’ discussed in advanced by software development team
       and test team, test is conducted by installing software to hardware with recommended system specification.
       Despite Test case recognized in advance was not in existence. New software error discovered by ‘Exploratory
        Test’ conducted by test team will be registered and managed as new test case after discussion between
       development team and test team.
       Discovered software error will be classified into 3 categories as severity and managed.
         ✓  Major defects, which are impacting the product’s intended use and no workaround is available.


                                                                                                                     7

✓  Moderate defects, which are typically related to user-interface or general quality of product, while
               workaround is available.
       ✓  Minor defects, which aren’t impacting the product’s intended use. Not significant.

   Success standard of System Test is not finding ‘Major’, ‘Moderate’ defect.

-   Nodule Matching test with Lung Registration
    Experiments to check the accuracy of Nodule-Matching using Lung Registration Result in LungScreen
   Followup Study and to check the applicability of Registry
   Based on the experimented data deployed, the steps below are performed for all 28 location.
         1.  Enter the Nodule position of the Fixed image
         2.  Convert to the position of the moving image using DVF
         3.  Measure the Voxel Distance error between the converted position and the Nodule position of the
          Moving image.
         4.   Start-up verification of the cross-sectional images of the position and the converted position in the
            Fixed, Moving images.

-   Validation on DVF Size Optimization with Sub-sampling test
   To reduce the capacity of DVF calculated after LungRegistration, check the accuracy level of loss
   when using DVF subsampling and check the possibility
   For each Lung Part, three (Rigid, NonRigid, and LevelSet) DVF files are calculated for each Left
   and Right Lung. Because each DVF has about 600MB of files size, you will use 3.6GB
   (2*3*600MB) per case. Therefore, accuracy needs to be explored how to optimize the size of the
  DVF at the expense of the loss.
   Based on the experimental data deployed, the steps below ae performed for all 28 locations.
        1. Enter the Nodule position of the Fixed image.
        2. Use DisplacementVector placed on above position and replace with the Moving image.
        3. Convert to the position of the moving image using the Mean DisplacementVector in the
          3x3x3 area around that location
        4. Measure the Voxel Distance error between each converted position and the Nodule position
            of the Moving image.
        5. Measure the error of each converted position

-   Semi-automatic Nodule Segmentation
    In order to check the accuracy of the measured length and volume value in the node added by
   Segmentation.
   Create a sphere with a radius of 2mm, 3mm, 4mm, 5mm, 6mm, 7mm, 8mm, 9mm, 10mm.
   Providing test function to read measurement of split decision using the node segmentation function.
   Standard judgment:
   The measured length should be less than one voxel size compared to the size of the sphere produced.
   The measured volume should be within 10 error compared to the volume of the sphere created.

-  Mevis CAD Integration test
   Confirm Data Transfer and CAD Results SR DICOM Analysis.
        1. Confirm if CT DIOM is sent from AVIEW to MeVis CAD
        2. Confirm that the CAD result SR DICOM is sent from the MeVis CAD to the AVIEW


                                                                                                                 8

3. Confirm that it is displayed on the AIVEW Lung Screen by analyzing the contents of the
         MeVis CAD result SR DIOM
    Install AVIEW and MeVis CAD software on each of the two PCs, and set up each environment

-  Brock Score (aka. PANCAN) Risk Calculation test
   Generate some sample data, conduct a unit test by comparing the calculate value calculated in a
    separate Excel sheet with the result value of the implemented code.
   Summary of both publications related to this function: ‘Probability of Cancer in Pulmonary Nodules
   Detected on First Screening CT’ and ‘The Vancouver Lung Cancer Risk Prediction Model: Assessment
   by Using a Subset of the National Lung Screening Trial Cohort’ concludes that the risk calculator
    yielded a high discriminant value, which supports the user of risk calculator method as a valuable
   approach to distinguish between benign and malignant nodules.
    Test Data used for each paper were as below
   •  Former paper used PanCan data set, 187 persons had 7008 nodules, of which 102 were malignant,
      and in the BCCA data set, 1090 persons had 5021 nodules, of which 42 were malignant.
   •  The latter used 4431 nodules (4315 benign nodules and 116 malignant nodules of NLST data)

-  VDT Calculation test
   Confirmed that the VDT calculation is going well by using unit tests.

-  Lung RADS Calculation test
   Test and verify 10 cases were extracted from the Lung-RADS survey table provided by the Korean
    Society of Thoracic Radiology.
   Confirm that it was implemented in accordance with Lung-RADS regulations by using unit tests.

-   Performance test
    In order to check whether the non-functional requirement indicated in section ‘Performance and Non-Functional
    Requirements is satisfied, operate a test according to the performance evaluation standard and method that has
   been determined with prior consultation between software development team and testing team

-   Auto segmentation (based on deep-learning algorithms) test
    Assessment method on Koeran Data
               Chest CT data taken with 192 suspected COPD patients.
               Automatic segmentation of lung and lobe is applied using AVIEW LCS to generate segmentation
                results.
               The results of auto-segmentation are identified by a specialist and radiologist and classified as 0 (Not
             good), 1 (need adjustment), and 2(very good)
    Assessment method on NLST Data
               80 patient’s Chest CT data who were enrolled in NLST.
               Automatic segmentation of lung and lobe is applied using AVIEW to generate segmentation results.
               Manual segmentation of lung and lobe is performed by experienced radiolograhper and confirmed by
             experienced radiologist.
               The dice similarity coefficient is performed to check how similar they are.


                                                                                                                 9

9 CONCLUSIONS

The new device and predicate device are substantially equivalent in the areas of technical characteristics,
general functions, application, and intended use. The new device does not introduce a fundamentally new
scientific technology, and the nonclinical tests demonstrate that the device is safe and effective. Therefore, it
is our opinion that the AVIEW LCS described in this submission is substantially equivalent to the predicate
device.


                                                                                                                    10