Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                   July 10, 2020
℅ Lauren Bentley
Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs
40 Liberty Blvd. Mail Code 65-3
MALVERN PA 19355

Re: K193294
    Trade/Device Name: AI-Rad Companion Engine
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: June 26, 2020
    Received: June 29, 2020

Dear Lauren Bentley:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K193294 - Lauren Bentley                                                              Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K193294
Device Name
AI-Rad Companion Engine
Indications for Use (Describe)
AI-Rad Companion Engine is a software platform that provices basic visualization and enables external post-processing
extensions for medical images used for diagnostic purposes.
The software platform is designed to support technicians and trained physicians in qualitative and quantitative
measurement and analysis of clinical data. The software platform provides the means for viewing, storing and transferring
data into other systems such as PACS systems.
The software platform also provides an interface to integrate additional Siemens Healthineers' clinical processing
extensions.
AI-Rad Companion Engine functionality includes:
- Interface for multi-modality and multi-vendor Input/Output of DICOM data
- Check of data validity using information of DICOM tags
- Interface for extensions that provide post-processing functionality
- Confirmation user interface for visualization of medical images processed by extensions
- Configuration user interface for configuration of the medical device and extensions
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (J Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Infcrmation Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF
AI-Rad Companion Engine CONFIDENTIAL Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k) 4-2

K193294

             510(K) SUMMARY
              FOR
      AI-RAD COMPANION ENGINE

                                    Submitted by:
                         Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
                              40 Liberty Boulevard
                                  Malvern, PA 19355
                          Date Prepared: November 25, 2019

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance
with the requirements of Safe Medical Devices Act of 1990 and 21 CFR §807.92.

1. Submitter

Importer/Distributor      Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
                              40 Liberty Boulevard
                                Mail Code: 65-1A
                                 Malvern, PA 19355
                                     Registration Number: 2240869

Manufacturing Site        Siemens Healthcare GmbH
                                  Henkestrasse 127
                                   Erlangen, Germany 91052
                                     Registration Number: 3002808157

2. Contact Person
Lauren Bentley
Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs
Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
40 Liberty Boulevard
Mail Code: 65-3
Malvern, PA 19335
Phone: +1 (610) 241 - 6736
Email: lauren.bentley@siemens-healthineers.com


AI-Rad Companion Engine                                    Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k)                                                                             5-2

3. Device Name and Classification

Product Name:                 AI-Rad Companion Engine
Trade Name:                   AI-Rad Companion Engine
Classification Name:               Picture Archiving and Communication System
Classification Panel:              Radiology
CFR Section:                   21 CFR §892.2050
Device Class:                      Class II
Product Code:              LLZ

4. Predicate Device
Product Name:                  AI-Rad Companion (Engine)
Propriety Trade Name:            AI-Rad Companion (Engine)
510(k) Number:                K183272
Clearance Date:                   February 1, 2019
Classification Name:                Picture Archiving and Communication System
Classification Panel:               Radiology
CFR Section:                   21 CFR §892.2050
Device Class:                      Class II
Primary Product Code:          LLZ
Recall Information:            N/A

5. Intended Use
AI-Rad Companion Engine is a software platform that provides basic visualization and enables
external post-processing extensions for medical images used for diagnostic purposes.

The software platform is designed to support technicians and trained physicians in qualitative
and quantitative measurement and analysis of clinical data. The software platform provides
means for storing of data and for transferring data into other systems such as PACS systems.

The software platform also provides an interface to integrate additional Siemens Healthineers'
clinical processing extensions.

AI-Rad Companion Engine functionality includes:

        Interface for multi-modality and multi-vendor Input / Output of DICOM Data
      Check of data validity using information of DICOM tags
        Interface for extensions that provide post-processing functionality
       Confirmation user interface for visualization of medical images processed by extensions
       Configuration user interface for configuration of the medical device and extensions


AI-Rad Companion Engine                                    Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k)                                                                             5-3

6. Device Description

AI-Rad Companion Engine, as previously cleared under K183272, has been enhanced in version
VA20. AI-Rad Companion Engine still provides the platform for all clinical extensions of the AI
Rad Companion system and still falls under the same classification regulation as the predicate
device. The engine supports DICOM communication, enabling post-processing extensions for
medical images to be used for diagnostic purposes.

AI-Rad Companion Engine will receive the imaging data to be processed either from an imaging
modality or via auto-routing from the PACS system or a DICOM gateway. The results of the
AIRC Extensions will be sent back to a configurable target node also utilizing DICOM
standards. The means of data transfer will be handled by the “teamplay” infrastructure.
Teamplay Images is an MDDS product, intended for data transfer, display and online storage of
medical images and related data.

As an update to the previously cleared device, the following modifications have been made:
    1.  Support of software version VA20:
             a.  Support for additional clinical extensions
            b.  Modified workflow to increase the usability within AI-Rad Companion as well as
              with respect to informing the user regarding the status of clinical extensions
    2.  Subject device claims list
7. Technological Characteristics
The subject device, AI-Rad Companion Engine with new software version VA20, is substantially
equivalent to the predicate device with regard to the indications for use, software, operational
environment, programming language, operating system, performance, image visualization, image
manipulation, distribution, archiving and extendibility to post-processing applications.

AI-Rad Companion Engine VA20 offers enhancements and improvements to the existing
predicate device, AI-Rad Companion (Engine) (K183272). While these enhancements offer
usability enhancements and additional access to new post-processing clinical extensions
compared to the predicate device, the conclusions from verification and validation data suggest
that these modifications maintain an equivalent safety and performance profile to the predicate
device.
8. Nonclinical Bench Testing
Non-clinical tests were conducted to test the functionality of AI-Rad Companion Engine version
VA20. Software validation and bench testing have been conducted to the performance claims as
well as the claim of substantial equivalence to the predicate device.

AI-Rad Companion has been tested to meet the requirements of conformity to multiple industry
standards. Non-clinical performance testing demonstrated that AI-Rad Companion complies
with the FDA guidance document, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for
Software Contained in Medical Devices” (May 11, 2005) as well as with the following voluntary
FDA recognized Consensus Standards listed in Table 1 below.

AI-Rad Companion Engine                                    Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k)                                                                             5-4

Reference     Standards
 Recognition
             Product Area       Title of Standard     Number and   Development
  Number
                                                       Date       Organization
 5-114        General        Medical Devices –          62366-1:      IEC
                               Application of usability      2015-02
                               engineering to medical
                               devices [including
                           Corrigendum 1 (2016)]
 5-40         General        Medical Devices –          14971:2007    ISO
                                 application of risk
                          management to medical
                               devices
 13-79         Software/      Medical device software –    62304:      AAMI
                Informatics     software life cycle          2006/A1:2016  ANSI
                               processes [Including                    IEC
                        Amendment 1 (2016)]
 12-300       Radiology      Digital Imaging and        PS 3.1 – 3.20  NEMA
                           Communications in          (2016)
                            Medicine (DICOM) Set
 12-261       Radiology      Information Technology –    10918-1      ISO
                                 Digital Compression and     1994-02-15    IEC
                             coding of continuous -tone
                                            still images: Requirements
                           and Guidelines [including:
                              Technical Corrigendum
                              1(2005)]
Table 1: Voluntary Conformance Standards

Verification and Validation
Software documentation for a Moderate Level of Concern software, per FDA’s Guidance
Document “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in
Medical Devices” issued on May 11, 2005, is also included as part of this submission. The
performance data demonstrates continued conformance with special controls for medical devices
containing software. Non-clinical tests were conducted on the subject device during product
development.

Software “bench” testing in the form of Unit, System and Integration, were performed to
evaluate the performance and functionality of the new features and software updates. All testable
requirements in the Requirement Specifications and the Risk Analysis have been successfully
verified and traced in accordance with the Siemens Healthineers DH product development
(lifecycle) process. Human factor usability validation is addressed in system testing and usability
validation test records. The software verification and regression testing have been performed
successfully to meet their previously determined acceptance criteria as stated in the test plans.


AI-Rad Companion Engine                                    Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k)                                                                             5-5

Siemens Healthineers adheres to the cybersecurity requirements as defined FDA Guidance
“Content of Premarket Submissions for Management for Cybersecurity in Medical Devices,”
issued October 2, 2014 by implementing a process of preventing unauthorized access,
modifications, misuse or denial of use, or the unauthorized use of information that is stored,
accessed, or transferred from a medical device to an external recipient.
9. Clinical Tests
No clinical tests were conducted to test the performance and functionality of the modifications
introduced within AI-Rad Companion Engine VA20. Verification and validation of the
enhancements and improvements have been performed and these modifications have been
validated for their intended use. The data from these activities were used to support the subject
device and the substantial equivalence argument.

No animal testing has been performed on the subject device or its modifications.

10. Safety and Effectiveness
The device labeling contains instructions for use and any necessary cautions and warnings to
ensure safe and effective use of the device.

Risk management is ensured via ISO 14971:2007 compliance to identify and provide mitigation
of potential hazards in a risk analysis early in the design phase and continuously throughout the
development of the product. These risks are controlled via measures realized during software
development, testing and product labeling.

Furthermore, the device is intended for healthcare professionals familiar with the post-processing
of clinical images.
11. Substantial Equivalence and Conclusion
AI-Rad Companion Engine version VA20 is substantially equivalent to the follow predicate
device (Table 2):

                  FDA Clearance   FDA Clearance
     Predicate Device                                    Main Product Code
                        Number            Date
    AI-Rad Companion
                          K183272        February 1, 2019         LLZ
         (Engine)
Table 2: Predicate device for AI-Rad Companion Engine VA20

AI-Rad Companion Engine with software version VA20 has the same indications for use and
similar technological characteristics compared to the predicate device, AI-Rad Companion
(Engine) (K183272). While the new version offers enhancements and improvements to enable
the integration with new post-processing clinical extensions, the same fundamental
characteristics such as image visualization and image manipulation are the same as the predicate
device. The results of all testing conducted was found acceptable to support the claim of
substantial equivalence.


AI-Rad Companion Engine                                    Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k)                                                                             5-6

The predicate device was cleared based on non-clinical supportive information including bench
testing and software validations. The results of these tests demonstrate that the predicate device
is adequate for the intended use. The comparison technological characteristics, non-clinical
performance data, and software validation demonstrates that the subject device is as safe and
effective when compared to the predicate device that is currently marketed for the same intended
use and is therefore substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


AI-Rad Companion Engine                                    Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k)                                                                             5-7