GE Medical Systems SCS                                     November 17, 2020
℅ Hong Cui
Regulatory Affairs Director
3000 North Grandview Boulevard-HQ
WAUKESHA WI 53188

Re: K193306
    Trade/Device Name: PROView
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: October 21, 2020
    Received: October 22, 2020

Dear Hong Cui:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K193306 - Hong Cui                                                                   Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                                                                            See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K193306

Device Name
PROView


Indications for Use (Describe)

PROView  is an aiding tool for the clinicians to review multi-parametric prostate magnetic resonance (MR) images
following PI-RADS guidelines. It displays acquired and reformatted data for visualization and provides tools for
assessment of the prostate gland volume and findings analysis in patients with known or suspected prostate lesions.
Measurements and associated scoring are included in a report for communication to referring physicians.
It is intended for use by professionals, such as clinicians, radiologists, or physicians. The clinician remains ultimately
responsible for the final assessment and diagnosis based on state-of-the-art practices, clinical judgment and interpretation
of prostate images or quantitative data.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)     E  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                         CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                         Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

FORM FDA 3881 (7117)                             Page 1 of 1                                                                PSCPubhsAingServices(301)443-6740    EF

GE Healthcare
                                           510(k) Premarket Notification Submission
                                                            K193306


                                   510(k) Summary

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:

              Date:  November 26, 2019
         Submitter: GE Medical Systems SCS
                     Establishment Registration Number - 9611343
                  283 rue de la Miniere
                  78530 Buc, France

   Primary Contact  Hong Cui
            Person:  Regulatory Affairs Director
              GE Healthcare, (GE Medical Systems, LLC)
                  3000 N Grandview Blvd.,
                  Waukesha, WI - 53188
                    Phone: (262) 506-8238
                    Email: hong.cui@ge.com


 Secondary Contact  Elizabeth Mathew
            Person:  Senior Regulatory Affairs Manager
                    Phone: (262) 424-7774
                    Email: Elizabeth.Mathew@ge.com

  Proposed Device:
     Device Name:  PROView
   Common/Usual MR image analysis software
          Name:
Regulation number/  21 CFR 892.2050 Picture archiving and communications system/
     Product Code:               LLZ


      Classification:  Class II


                                        Page - 1 -

GE Healthcare
                                          510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


  Predicate Device:
     Device Name:  DynaCAD
    510(k) number:  K192200 cleared on Oct 9, 2019
Regulation number/  21 CFR 892.2050 Picture archiving and communication system /
     Product Code:               LLZ
      Classification:  Class II
     Manufacturer:  Invivo Corporation, USA


Device Description/
      Technology:  PROView offers a guided workflow for the review, assessment and reporting of
                     multi-parametric MR prostate exams. From inputting clinical information,
                   measuring prostate and lesion volume to scoring lesions to form a comprehensive
            MR report, PROView offers a simple workflow per PI-RADSTM v2.1 guideline.

               PROView Processes data from a single date.

                 The PROView workflow includes:
                          Prostate volume extracted from automatic organ segmentation
                         PSA Density
                          Lesion(s) mapping to sectors and measurement
                          Scoring of T2-weighted, diffusion weighted imaging (DWI) and, when
                               applicable, dynamic contrast enhanced (DCE) acquisitions.
                          Automatically generated report with all measurements and images

                      Prostate volume can be automatically calculated by defining the contours of the
                       prostate gland with the use of a deep learning algorithm, or through a manual
                   method. Users can cancel or switch to manual prostate gland volume definition if
                      the automatic prostate gland segmentation fails or provides unsatisfactory results


   Intended Use:
               PROView is a medical diagnostic software that is designed to provide easy
                      processing, analysis, reviewing and communication of 3D reconstructed images
                   and their relationship to originally acquired images from MR Scanning devices.
                 The combination of acquired images, reconstructed images, annotations, and
                   measurements performed by the clinician are intended to provide to the referring
                     physician clinically relevant information that may aid in diagnosis and treatment
                      planning.


                                        Page - 2 -

GE Healthcare
                                           510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


 Indication for Use:  PROView is an aiding tool for the clinicians to review multi-parametric prostate
                    magnetic resonance (MR) images following PI-RADS guidelines. It displays
                     acquired and reformatted data for visualization and provides tools for assessment
                      of the prostate gland volume and findings analysis in patients with known or
                     suspected prostate lesions. Measurements and associated scoring are included in a
                       report for communication to referring physicians.

                              It is intended for use by professionals, such as clinicians, radiologists, or
                      physicians. The clinician remains ultimately responsible for the final assessment
                   and diagnosis based on state-of-the-art practices, clinical judgment and
                        interpretation of prostate images or quantitative data.


Technological
Characteristic:      The goal of the new PROView software algorithm is to provide an automatic
                    segmentation of the prostate on MRI T2 weighted acquisitions. It is a routine
                     anatomical acquisition (as opposed to functional MRI), routinely done by the
                        clinicians for prostate cancer assessment, as it is part of PIRADS guidelines. The
                     algorithm provides a fully automatic segmentation of the prostate, based on a
                   deep learning model.

Comparison:
                 The below comparison identifies the similarities and differences of the proposed
               PROView to the DynaCAD Prostate module of the predicate device DynaCAD
                   (K192200) to which substantial equivalency is claimed.:


                       Specification    DynaCAD                Proposed Device:
                                 K192200              PROView
                              (DynaCAD Prostaet)
                      Targeted clinical   Male patient with suspected  Male patient with suspected
                       condition          or known prostate lesions     or known prostate lesions

                  Anatomy           Prostate                      Prostate
                    Imaging        MRI                MRI
                      modality
                    Gland              Automatically performs a    The software provides a fully
                      segmentation     3D segmentation of the       automatic segmentation of
                                            gland. Users can alter or      the prostate, based on a deep
                                 make adjustments to the      learning model. Contour of
                                      segmented results in all       the prostate gland can be
                                             three planes. The resulting    adjusted by the user. Prostate
                                        segmentation reports        volume is extracted from
                                             overall gland volume and     automatic gland
                                                sets the stage for UroNav     segmentation.
                             MR/US guided fusion


                                        Page - 3 -

GE Healthcare
                                        510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


                                      biopsy

                 Gland volume     The resulting segmentation   Prostate volume is extracted
                                         reports overall gland        from automatic gland
                                 volume and sets the stage     segmentation after validation
                                          for UroNav MR/US guided   of the contour by the user.
                                       fusion biopsy
                  Segmentation     Model-based automatic      Automatic segmentation of
                   algorithm type      prostate gland segmentation  the prostate based on a deep
                                                                      learning model.


                   Standardized      Following PI-RADSTM v2    Following PI-RADSTM v2.1
                     report


Determination of  PROView has successfully completed the required design control testing per
      Substantial  GE’s quality system. PROView was designed and will be manufactured under
    Equivalence:  the Quality System Regulations of 21CFR 820 and ISO 13485. The following
                    quality assurance measures have been applied to the development of the device:

                              Risk Analysis
                              Requirements Reviews
                              Design Reviews
                              Performance testing (Verification)
                               Safety testing (Verification)
                              Algorithm Qualification (Validation)

                  Engineering has validated PROView algorithm’s capability of automatic
                  segmentation based on deep learning technique by using a database of MRI
                    prostate exams. This database of exams is considered as representative of the
                     clinical scenarios where PROView is intended to be used, with consideration of
                   the different protocols, practices and ethnics factors. The results and feedback
                 concluded that the algorithm meets the acceptance criteria and improves
                 performance on volume accuracy.

               The substantial equivalence was also based on software documentation for a
                 "Moderate" level of concern device.


     Conclusion:
            GE Healthcare considers PROView to be as safe, as effective, and performance is
                    substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                     Page - 4 -