GE Healthcare (GE Medical Systems, LLC)                             April 10, 2020
℅ Mr. Glen Sabin
Regulatory Affairs Director, MR
3200 N Grandview Blvd.
WAUKESHA WI 53188

Re: K193282
    Trade/Device Name: SIGNA Premier
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic resonance diagnostic device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH, LNI, MOS
    Dated: March 11, 2020
    Received: March 12, 2020

Dear Mr. Sabin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K193282 – Mr. Glen Sabin                                                              Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K193282
Device Name
SIGNA Premier
Indications for Use (Describe)
The SIGNA Premier system is a whole body magnetic resonance scanner designed to support high resolution, high
signal-to-noise ratio, and short scan times. It is indicated for use as a diagnostic imaging device to produce axial,
sagittal, coronal, and oblique images, spectroscopic images, parametric maps, and/or spectra, dynamic images of the
structures and/or functions of the entire body, including, but not limited to, head, neck, TMJ, spine, breast, heart,
abdomen, pelvis, joints, prostate, blood vessels, and musculoskeletal regions of the body. Depending on the region of
interest being imaged, contrast agents may be used.
The images produced by the SIGNA Premier system reflect the spatial distribution or molecular environment of
nuclei exhibiting magnetic resonance. These images and/or spectra when interpreted by a trained physician yield
information that may assist in diagnosis.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
[x] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) oO Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF
(PAPAL (TPA LIAL AE

K193282               GE Healthcare
                                                                   510(k) Premarket Notification Submission
                                                        SIGNA Premier
                            510(k) Summary

          In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:

 Date:                          26 November 2019

 Submitter:                    GE Medical Systems, LLC
                                3200 N. Grandview Blvd.
                                Waukesha, WI 53188

 Primary Contact:                  Glen Sabin
                                    Regulatory Affairs Director
                                       Phone: 262 521-6848
                                            Email: Glen.Sabin@GE.com

 Secondary Contact:                 Jim McMahon
                                     Senior Director - Regulatory Affairs
                                       Phone: 508 382-2858
                                            Email: James.D.McMahon@GE.com

 Device Trade Name:              SIGNA Premier

 Common / Usual Name:        MR System

 Classification Name:               Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
     Regulation Number:               21 CFR 892.1000
     Primary Product Code:            LNH
     Secondary Product Codes:             LNI, MOS

 Predicate Device:
      510(k) Number:              K183231
     Device Name:               SIGNA Premier
     Manufacturer:             GE Medical Systems, LLC


Device Description:

     SIGNA Premier is a whole-body magnetic resonance scanner featuring a 3.0T superconducting
     magnet with a 70cm bore size. Major elements of the system include the magnet, gradient coils,
     body RF transmit coil, RF receive subsystem, patient support system (table), host computer, and
     system software. The system is compatible with a suite of RF receive coils, and is capable of using
      various pulse sequences, imaging techniques and reconstruction algorithms.

      This submission is prompted by the introduction of a new software feature called AIR Recon DL
     onto the SIGNA Premier system. AIR Recon DL is a deep-learning based reconstruction technique
     designed to improve signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) and image sharpness. The feature also enables
      shorter scan times while preserving SNR and image sharpness.

     The addition of the AIR Recon DL feature involved modifications to the SIGNA Premier system
      software. There were no changes related to AIR Recon DL to the system’s hardware components.


                                                                                      Page 5-2 (Section 005, Page 2 of 4)

GE Healthcare
                                                                   510(k) Premarket Notification Submission
                                                        SIGNA Premier

 Indications for Use:

     The Indications for Use statement for the proposed device is identical to that of the predicate
      device:

           The SIGNA Premier system is a whole body magnetic resonance scanner designed to
            support high resolution, high signal-to-noise ratio, and short scan times. It is indicated for
            use as a diagnostic imaging device to produce axial, sagittal, coronal, and oblique images,
             spectroscopic images, parametric maps, and/or spectra, dynamic images of the structures
           and/or functions of the entire body, including, but not limited to, head, neck, TMJ, spine,
             breast, heart, abdomen, pelvis, joints, prostate, blood vessels, and musculoskeletal regions
             of the body. Depending on the region of interest being imaged, contrast agents may be
            used.

           The images produced by the SIGNA Premier system reflect the spatial distribution or
            molecular environment of nuclei exhibiting magnetic resonance. These images and/or
            spectra when interpreted by a trained physician yield information that may assist in
             diagnosis.

     The addition of the AIR Recon DL feature does not impact the intended use of the SIGNA Premier
     system.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics:

    Many of the technological characteristics of the proposed SIGNA Premier system are unchanged
     from the predicate device. There are no changes to the magnet, gradient, and RF subsystems
     compared to the predicate K183231. Key performance specifications (such as magnet
     homogeneity and stability, maximum gradient strength and slew rate, etc.) for the system are also
     unchanged.

     The software used on the proposed SIGNA Premier system has been modified to include the AIR
     Recon DL feature. The user interface provides operators of the system with new options for
      selecting AIR Recon DL and adjusting the associated level of image noise reduction. The resulting
     images can have higher SNR and improved sharpness compared to images reconstructed without
     AIR Recon DL.

Summary of Nonclinical Testing:

     The AIR Recon DL feature has undergone testing with a digital reference object and phantom
      imaging. These tests were designed to evaluate the AIR Recon DL feature and its impact on image
      quality, including SNR, sharpness, low contrast detectability, and noise spectral content. Analysis
     was performed to confirm that the feature does not introduce significant bias that might impact
      quantitative measurements based on signal intensity. The influence of motion during image
      acquisition on the performance of AIR Recon DL was also evaluated.

     The nonclinical testing demonstrated that AIR Recon DL does improve SNR and image sharpness
      while maintaining low contrast detectability and having minimal impacts to noise spectral content,
     average signal intensity, or the appearance of motion artifacts. AIR Recon DL was also able to
     maintain image SNR and did not sacrifice sharpness for images acquired with a reduced scan time.
     The nonclinical testing passed the defined acceptance criteria, and did not identify any adverse
     impacts to image quality or other concerns related to safety and performance.


                                                                                      Page 5-3 (Section 005, Page 3 of 4)

GE Healthcare
                                                                   510(k) Premarket Notification Submission
                                                        SIGNA Premier

Summary of Clinical Testing:

      Objective measures of in vivo images were analyzed to confirm that AIR Recon DL improves SNR
     and image sharpness for typical clinical use cases.

    A reader evaluation study was performed on AIR Recon DL images acquired across a variety of
      pulse sequences and anatomies. Radiologists were asked to perform blinded reads of both AIR
     Recon DL images and images without AL Recon DL. Comparisons were also made between AIR
     Recon DL images from shorter scan time acquisitions and images without AIR Recon DL taken with
      longer scan times. The results confirmed that the AIR Recon DL feature provides images with
      equivalent or better image quality in terms of the legibility of clinically relevant structures. The
      radiologists reading the images also indicated a preference for the AIR Recon DL images.

      Additionally, sample images from clinically indicated scans were evaluated both with and without
     the AIR Recon DL feature. These samples included images using exogenous contrast and images
      involving pathology spanning a variety of anatomies and pulse sequences. Radiologists were
     asked to rate the images, and to comment on any notable aspects related to image quality. This
     study showed that lesion conspicuity is maintained with AIR Recon DL, and that the radiologists
      preferred the AIR Recon DL images for clinical use.

Conclusions Drawn from Performance Testing:

     The nonclinical and clinical testing demonstrated that AIR Recon DL satisfies the product claims of
     improved SNR and image sharpness, and can enable shorter scan times while maintaining SNR and
     image sharpness.

     The proposed SIGNA Premier system with AIR Recon DL has been developed under GE
      Healthcare’s quality system and is at least as safe and effective as the legally marketed predicate.
     The performance testing did not identify any new hazards, adverse effects, or safety or
     performance concerns that are significantly different from those associated with MR imaging in
      general.

      Therefore, GE Healthcare believes that SIGNA Premier with AIR Recon DL is substantially
      equivalent to the predicate device, and is safe and effective for its intended use.


                                                                                      Page 5-4 (Section 005, Page 4 of 4)