Siemens Healthcare GmbH                                     March 9, 2020
℅ Mr. Abhineet Johri
Regulatory Affairs Manager
Siemens Medical Solutions, Inc.
65 Valley Stream Parkway
MALVERN PA 19355

Re: K193216
    Trade/Device Name: syngo.CT Lung CAD
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: OEB
    Dated: February 4, 2020
    Received: February 6, 2020

Dear Mr. Johri:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K193216 – Mr. Abhineet Johri                                                           Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K193216
Device Name

syngo.CT Lung CAD (VC30)


Indications for Use (Describe)
The syngo.CT Lung CAD VC30 device is a Computer-Aided Detection (CAD) tool designed to assist radiologists in the
detection of solid pulmonary nodules during review of multi-detector computed tomography (MDCT) examinations of the
chest. The software is an adjunctive tool to alert the radiologist to regions of interest that may have been initially
overlooked. The syngo.CT Lung CAD device is intended to be used as a second reader after the radiologist has completed
his/her initial read.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2020
                                                                 K193216
                 510(k) Summary

                                 for


          Siemens Healthcare GmbH
              syngo.CT Lung CAD
                            (Previously cleared as syngo.CT Lung CAD, K143196)
                     Version VC30


510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VC30         Page 1

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2020


                          510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR §807.92.

Date prepared: March 05, 2020

1.  Submitter (Legal Manufacturer):
   Siemens Healthcare GmbH
   Henkestrasse 127
   91052 Erlangen
   Germany

   Manufacturing Location (Facility)

   Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
   65-3 Valley Stream Parkway
   Malvern PA. 19355


   Establishment Registration Number:
   3004977335

2.  Contact Person:
   Mr. Abhineet Johri
   Regulatory Affairs Manager
   Siemens Healthcare GmbH,
   65-3 Valley stream parkway
   Malvern, PA 19355.
   U.S.A
   E-mail: abhineet.johri@siemens-healthineers.com
   Telephone: +1 (484) 680-8723
   Fax: +1 610-448-6557

3.  Device Name and Classification:

   Trade Name:          syngo.CT Lung CAD
    Classification Name:   Lung computed tomography system, computer-aided detection
    Classification Panel:    Radiology
  CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.2050
   Device Class:           Class II
   Product Code:      OEB


510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VC30         Page 2

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2020


4.  Legally Marketed Predicate Device:

   Trade Name:          syngo.CT Lung CAD
   510(k) Clearance:     K143196
   Clearance Date:      May 2015
    Classification Name:   Lung computed tomography system, computer-aided detection
    Classification Panel:    Radiology
  CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.2050
   Device Class:           Class II
   Product Code:      OEB
   Recall Information:     This predicate device has not been the subject of any
                            design related recalls.

5. Device Description:

Siemens Healthcare GmbH intends to market the syngo.CT Lung CAD which  is a
medical device that is designed to perform CAD processing in thoracic CT examinations
for the detection of solid pulmonary nodules ≥ 3.0 mm in size. The device processes
images acquired with Siemens multi-detector CT scanners with 4 or more detector rows.

The syngo.CT Lung CAD device supports the full range of nodule locations (central,
peripheral) and contours (round, irregular). The detection performance of the syngo.CT
Lung CAD device is optimized for nodules between 3.0 mm and 20.0 mm in size.

The syngo.CT Lung CAD sends a list of nodule candidate locations to a visualization
application, such as syngo MM Oncology, or a visualization rendering component, which
generates output images series with the CAD marks superimposed on the input thoracic
CT images for use in a second reader mode. syngo MM Oncology (FDA clearance
k191309) is implemented on the syngo.via platform (FDA clearance k191040), which
provides a common framework for various other applications implementing specific
clinical workflows (but are not part of this clearance) to display the CAD marks. The
syngo.CT Lung CAD device is intended to be used as a second reader only after the initial
read is completed.


The subject device and the predicate device has the same basic technical characteristics as
the predicate; however, the fundamental technology has been replaced by deep learning
technology. Specifically, the predicate VC20 uses feature-based and Machine Learning
whereas the current VC30 uses algorithms based on Convolutional Neural Networks. This
does not introduce new types of safety or effectiveness concerns. In particular, as demonstrated by the statistical analysis and results of the standalone benchmark evaluations:


510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VC30         Page 3

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2020


    i.   The standalone accuracy has been shown not only to be non-inferior but actually
       superior to that of the device and
   ii.   The marks generated by the two devices have been shown to be reasonably consistent.
This device description holds true for the subject device, syngo.CT Lung CAD, software
version VC30, as well as the predicate device, syngo.CT Lung CAD, software version
VC20.


6. Intended Use:
The syngo.CT Lung CAD device is a computer-aided detection (CAD) tool designed to
assist radiologists in the detection of solid pulmonary nodules during review of multidetector computed tomography (MDCT) examinations of the chest. The software is an
adjunctive tool to alert the radiologist to regions of interest (ROI) that may have been initially overlooked. The syngo.CT Lung CAD device is intended to be used as a second
reader after the radiologist has completed his/her initial read.


Safety and Effectiveness Information

Software design description, hazard analysis, and technical and safety information have
also been completed and provided in support of this device. The results of the hazard
analysis, combined with the appropriate preventive measures taken indicate the device is
of moderate level of concern, as per Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submission
for Software Contained in Medical Devices, May 2005


The device has no patient contacting materials and is utilized only by trained professionals. The output of the device is evaluated by trained professionals as a second reader. Use
of this device does not impact the quality or status of the original acquired data.


510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VC30         Page 4

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2020


Substantial Equivalence:

The syngo.CT Lung CAD is substantially equivalent, both in intended use and indication
for use to the following device. The new version has the same basic technical characteristics as the predicate; however, the fundamental technology has been replaced by deep
learning technology. Specifically, the predicate VC20 uses feature-based ML CADe
compared to current VC30 deep CNN-based CADe. This does not introduce new types of
safety or effectiveness questions. As demonstrated by the statistical analysis and results
of the standalone benchmark evaluations:
  iii.   The standalone accuracy has been shown not only to be non-inferior but actually
       superior to that of the device and
 iv.   The marks generated by the two devices have been shown to be reasonably consistent.

 Company                             Product – Trade Name      510(k) #
 Siemens AG Medical Solutions         Syngo.CT Lung CAD      K143196

In summary, Siemens Healthcare GmbH is of the opinion that the syngo.CT Lung CAD
software, as described within this document, does not pose any unmitigated safety risks
and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device since its accuracy has been shown
to be superior to the predicate device and the marks are reasonably consistent .

The difference between the predicate device syngo.CT Lung CAD VC20 and syngo.CT
Lung CAD VC30 are minor in nature and both devices have the same characteristics and
functionalities, as described in table below.


510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VC30         Page 5

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2020


7. Summary of Differences between the Subject Device and the Predicate Device:
The differences between the subject device described in this premarket notification and the predicate device are summarized in the following comparison table 1 and 2 below:


510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VC30         Page 6

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2020


Subject Device       Current Predicate Device        New Device                                                                            Type of Change and Impact to
Characteristic       syngo.CT Lung CAD (VC20E)      syngo.CT Lung CAD (VC30)                                                                                            Safety & Effectiveness
                    (K)143196
Manufacturer                                         Siemens Healthcare GmbH                                                                                          Legal manufacturer change1.
                    Siemens AG Medical Solutions
                                                                   No Impact


Detection target        Solid pulmonary nodules in diag-     Solid pulmonary nodules in diag-     [Unchanged] and no Impact
                         nostic chest CT acquisitions           nostic chest CT acquisitions

Intended Use         The LungCAD software device is a   The LungCAD software device is a   [Unchanged] and no Impact
                    Computer-Aided Detection (CAD)   Computer-Aided Detection (CAD)
                         tool designed to assist                  tool designed to assist
                         radiologists in the detection of solid   radiologists in the detection of solid
                    pulmonary nodules during review of  pulmonary nodules during review of
                        multi-detector                         multi-detector
                    computed tomographic (MDCT)     computed tomographic (MDCT)
                        thoracic examinations. The software   thoracic examinations. The software
                             is an adjunctive tool                       is an adjunctive tool
                          that alerts the radiologist to regions    that alerts the radiologist to regions
                        of interest (ROI) that may be initial-   of interest (ROI) that may be initially overlooked. The                     ly overlooked. The
                LungCAD software device use is    LungCAD software device use is
                       intended to be used as a second       intended to be used as a second
                        reader after the radiologist has com-   reader after the radiologist has completed his/her initial read.             pleted his/her initial read.


1 syngo.CT Lung CAD (VC20)was manufactured by Siemens AG Medical Solutions during the time of its filing. Later-on legal manufacturer change was performed
to Siemens Healthcare GmbH. So finally, the legal manufacturer is identical for both devices.


510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VC30         Page 7

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2020


Indications For Use    •  The syngo.CT Lung CAD de-     •  The syngo.CT Lung CAD de-     [Unchanged] and no Impact
                           vice is a computer-aided detec-        vice is a computer-aided detection (CAD) tool designed to as-        tion (CAD) tool designed to assist radiologists in the detection         sist radiologists in the detection
                           of solid pulmonary nodules dur-       of solid pulmonary nodules during review of multi-detector          ing review of multi-detector
                       computed tomography (MDCT)      computed tomography (MDCT)
                         examinations of the chest.            examinations of the chest.
                     •  The software is an adjunctive     •  The software is an adjunctive
                             tool to alert the radiologist to re-       tool to alert the radiologist to regions of interest (ROI) that may       gions of interest (ROI) that may
                        have been initially overlooked.       have been initially overlooked.
                     •  The syngo.CT Lung CAD de-     •  The syngo.CT Lung CAD device is intended to be used as a        vice is intended to be used as a
                        second reader after the radiolo-       second reader after the radiologist has completed his/her initial       gist has completed his/her initial
                             read.                                   read.


Nodule Characteris-    Size                              Diameter                         Extended nodule size to 20mm.
tics                  •  Solid nodules ≥ 3mm and <       •  Solid nodules ≥ 3mm and <                                                                   No impact as assessed in the evi-
                  10mm                    20mm                                                                                        dence provided in the benchmark
                      Locations                           Locations                                                                                                      analysis provided in this substan-
                     •   full range: central, peripheral     •   full range: central, peripheral                                                                                                                                 tial equivalence evaluation. AtContours:                           Contours:                                                                                          tachment 10 and 12
                     •  round, irregular                 •  round, irregular


510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VC30         Page 8

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2020


Reader workflow      second reader workflow             second reader workflow             [Unchanged] and no Impact

Input scanning pa-     Scanners                        Scanners                         [Unchanged] and no Impact
rameters             Siemens multi-detector CT (MDCT)  Siemens multi-detector CT (MDCT)
                        scanners.                             scanners.

                     Detector rows                     Detector rows                    [Unchanged] and no Impact
                    4 or more detector rows            4 or more detector rows
                   Scan area                      Scan area                        [Unchanged] and no Impact
                   The scan area needs to comprise the  The scan area needs to comprise the
                          entire thorax covering the lung api-    entire thorax covering the lung apices to the bases                      ces to the bases

                   Scan direction                  Scan direction                    [Unchanged] and no Impact
                      Cranio-caudal or caudal-cranial       Cranio-caudal or caudal-cranial

                     Voltage                          Voltage                          [Unchanged] and no Impact
                    120 -140 kVp                    120 -140 kVp
                   Exposure                       Exposure                        [Unchanged] and no Impact
                    40–120 mAs                     40–120 mAs
                     Collimation                       Collimation                      [Unchanged] and no Impact
                    1 mm or less                     1 mm or less
                        Slice width                           Slice Thickness                   [Unchanged] and no Impact – no-
                       1.00 - 1.25 mm                     1.00 - 1.25 mm                     menclature updating only
                        Slice overlap                         Slice Overlap                     [Unchanged] and no Impact
                 0–25%                       0–25%
                      Note: Reconstruction overlap is al-    Note: Reconstruction overlap is allowed, but gaps are not permitted     lowed, but gaps are not permitted

                 Number of images             Number of images                [Unchanged] and no Impact
                Up to 1000 images per series.      Up to 1000 images per series.


510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VC30         Page 9

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2020


                    Kernel                          Kernel                           [Unchanged] and no Impact
                    Siemens B60                     Siemens B60


                                                                                       [Unchanged] and no ImpactHosting Platform       syngo.via                            syngo.via

Hosting Application    syngo MM Oncology               syngo MM Oncology               [Unchanged] and no Impact
                                                                                       [Unchanged] and no ImpactDose                  Diagnostic                          Diagnostic
Table 1 Summary of Differences between the Subject Device and the Predicate Device


   Functional              LungCAD VC20                          LungCAD VC30
   Component
Preprocessing        (a) isotropic volume resampling                       (a) isotropic volume resampling
Standardization of   (b) lung segmentation is performed on a slice-by-    (b) lung segmentation is accomplished using a CCN. Initially a
the input images      slice approach by identifying the middle of the      coarse estimation of the lung is performed using a V-net
and lung            lung area, then processing first the upper half of     process. Using two predefined bounding boxes left and right
segmentation        the lung and then the lower half of the lungs. Slice  lungs are initialized. Another V-net is used to segment left and
                    processing identifies starting points and traces the    right lungs. This is followed by up-sampling to the original
                    lung contour, slice-by slice. This is followed by     image resolution.
                    contour smooth and filling.
Candidate             (a) isotropic volume is partitioned into subvolumes   (a) isotropic volume is partitioned into subvolumes
Generation           (b) Each volume is processed using the divergence   (b) Each subvolume is fed to a CNN to compute features
Scans through all    of the 3D gradient field compute a “response vol-    (“response volume”). Filtering and non-maximum suppression
                ume” thresholded to yield a list of candidates.slices of the                                                               yield a list of candidates for each subvolume
                     Features are computed (e.g. number of voxels,segmented lung to                                                             (c) Cascade 1: candidates above a certain threshold score are
                       sphericity, maximum response value, etc.)
search for                                                           passed to the next step.                        (c) Cascade 1: candidates are passed to two-way


510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VC30        Page 10

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2020


candidates           gaiting classifier. Those above a certain threshold
                     score are kept and passed to the next step.
Feature            Groups of features are computed for each       CNN is used for feature computation for each candidate.
Calculation          candidate. These groups of features include:          (a) The input image patch is firstly processed by batch
Features are         Gaussian, curvature , isotropy, wall attachment,      normalization.
computed for each    etc.                                                   (b) Three blocks of operations are computed. In each block, a
candidate.                                                              convolution, with stride 2, is used for down-sampling instead
                                                                        of max-pooling.
                                                                                 (c) Semantic features from image features are computed using
                                                            two fully connected layers.
Candidate          Cascade 2:                         CNN is used for candidate classification .
Classification         (a) A three way-gaiting classifier is applied to each   (a) A soft-max function, applied to each candidate, assigns 2
Candidate           candidate based on values computed in the          values corresponding to the probability of being a nodule or
                                                                    being a false positive.specificity is        previous section.
                                                                             (b) Cascade 2: A weighted-sum of the scores from Cascade 1increased by         (b) Based on the gaiting, the features from
                                                              and the results of the classifier (prior step) is computed. Canapplying a logistic   previous step are used to assign a label to the                                                                          didates above a certain threshold score are labeled as nodule
regression           candidate .                                                                          candidates.
classifier to the
hierarchical
features calculated
Final Candidate     The location information of the nodule candidates   The location information of the nodule candidates are collected
List                  are collected into a final candidate list passed to      into a final candidate list passed to hosting application.
                     the hosting application
Table 2: Functional Components for syngo.CT Lung CAD VC20 (predicate) and syngo.CT Lung CAD VC30 (Subject device)


510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VC30        Page 11

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2020


    8. Non-clinical Performance Testing:

Non-clinical tests were conducted for the device syngo.CT Lung CAD (during product
development. The modifications described in this Premarket Notification were supported
with verification and validation testing.

Siemens Healthcare GmbH claims conformance to the following standards:

-  ISO 14971 Second edition 2007-03-01
-  IEC 62304 Edition 1.1 2015-06 Consolidated Version
-  IEC 62366-1 Edition 1.0 2015-02

    9. Software Verification and Validation:

Software documentation for a Moderate Level of Concern software per FDA’s Guidance
Document “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained
in Medical Devices” issued on May 11, 2005 is also included as part of this submission.
The performance data demonstrates continued conformance with special controls for
medical devices containing software. Non-clinical tests were conducted on the device
syngo.CT Lung CAD during product development.

The Risk Analysis was completed, and risk control implemented to mitigate identified
hazards. The testing results support that all the software specifications have met the acceptance criteria. Testing for verification and validation for the device was found acceptable to support the claims of substantial equivalence.


Summary:
Performance tests were conducted to test the functionality of the device syngo.CT Lung
CAD . These tests have been performed to assess the functionality of the subject device.
Results of all conducted testing were found acceptable in supporting the claim of substantial equivalence.

The standalone performance test proved that the standalone sensitivity of syngo.CT Lung
CAD VC30 is superior to that of syngo.CT Lung CAD VC20 (predicate) and the false
positive rate improved (reduced). Furthermore, both true positive and false positive syngo.CT Lung CAD VC30 marks were shown to be reasonably consistent with marks produced by syngo.CT Lung CAD VC20 (predicate) in both location and extent. The endpoints to establish meaningful and statistically relevant performance and equivalence of
the device and sample size were considered and defined as part of the test protocols.


510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VC30        Page 12

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2020


Non-clinical performance testing was performed at various levels for verification and validation of the device intended use and to ensure safety and effectiveness.

The protocol of the tests follows the testing activities of the software development and
quality management process. This protocol, which ensures both verification and validation, is structured at different levels of product testing to ensure that the above objectives
are met. These are:
    1.  Unit test: Verify the Design Specification, Risk Mitigations, identify runtime errors and memory leaks and Verify the Logic.
    2.  Integration test: Verify the correct implementation of the design and test coverage
       specified by the software requirements and Design Specifications. The Implementation and effectiveness of Risk mitigation classified as Hazard is also checked.
       (Hazard Tests).
    3.  System test: It is performed on the integrated product comprising of the software
        units and components.
    4.  System Validation: Objective is to validate the intended use defined in the requirements specifications and risk labelling mitigations. These requirements will
      be validated using one of the Hosting Applications.

Tests specifications used for the test levels mentioned above include test descriptions, test
environment and the test cases with the requirements that were tested. Tests are passed
only based on the defined acceptance criteria. To ensure continuous quality of the software, automatic testing with GUI (graphical user interface) and Non-GUI based-tests are
performed to cover the software's functionality. The basis for the test automation is described in the corresponding Test Specifications. The matching of automated test cases
and test results is ensured through code reviews of the automation scripts.


10. Safety and Effectiveness Information:

Software specifications, design descriptions, hazard analysis, and labeling information are
submitted in support of this premarket notification. The device labeling contains instructions for use with cautions to provide for safe and effective use of the device.

The results of the hazard analysis combined with the appropriate preventive measures
taken indicate the device is of moderate level of concern, as per the Guidance for the
Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices (May 11,
2005).

11. Conclusion as to Substantial Equivalence:

The syngo.CT Lung CAD is substantially equivalent, both in intended use and indication
for use to the following device. The new version has the same basic technical characteristics as the predicate; however, the fundamental technology has been replaced by deep


510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VC30        Page 13

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2020


learning technology. Specifically, the predicate VC20 uses feature-based ML CADe
compared to current VC30 deep CNN-based CADe. This does not introduce new types of
safety or effectiveness questions. As demonstrated by the statistical analysis and results
of the standalone benchmark evaluations:
    i.    the standalone accuracy has been shown not only to be non-inferior but actually
       superior to that of the device and
   ii.    the marks generated by the two devices have been shown to be reasonably consistent.

In summary, Siemens is of the opinion that the syngo.CT Lung CAD software, as described within this document, does not pose any unmitigated safety risks and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device since its accuracy has been shown to be superior
to the predicate device and the marks are reasonably consistent .

The difference between the predicate device syngo.CT Lung CAD VC20 and syngo.CT
Lung CAD VC30 are minor in nature and both devices have the same characteristics and
functionalities.


510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VC30        Page 14