iSchemaView, Inc.                                     March 31, 2020
℅ Mr. James Rosa
VP Quality and Regulatory
433 Park Point Drive, Suite 220
GOLDEN CO 80401

Re: K193087
    Trade/Device Name: RAPID ICH
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: February 25, 2020
    Received: March 2, 2020

Dear Mr. Rosa:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K193087 – Mr. James Rosa                                                             Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (ifknown)
K193087
Device Name
RAPID ICH
Indications for Use (Describe)
RAPID ICH is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the analysis of nonenhanced head CT images.
The device is intended to assist hospital networks and trained radiologists in workflow triage by flagging and
communication of suspected positive findings of pathologies in head CT images, namely Intracranial Hemorrhage (ICH).
RAPID ICH uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected ICH on a server
or standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is presented
with notifications for cases with suspected ICH findings. Notifications include compressed preview images, that are meant
for informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the
original medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.
The results of RAPID ICH are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on professional
judgment, to assist with triage /prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing full
images per the standard of care.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

iSchemaView’s - Traditional 510(k) RAPID ICH
Section 5: 510(k) Summary (Ver. C)                                    K193087
                                   510(k) Summary
                         iSchemaView, Inc.’s RAPID ICH
This document contains the 510(k) summary for the iSchemaView RAPID ICH. The content of
this summary is based on the requirements of 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).
Applicant Name and Address:
      Name:                   iSchemaView, Inc.
       Address:                433 Park Point Drive
                                        Ste. 220
                                  Golden, CO 80401

         Official Contact:          Jim Rosa
                                 Phone: (303) 704-3374
                                   Email: rosa@ischemaview.com

Summary Preparation Date: February 25, 2020
Device Name and Classification:
       Trade Name:      RAPID ICH
     Common Name:     Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
        Classification:         II
       Product Code:     QAS
       Regulation No:      21 C.F.R. §892.2080
        Classification        Radiology Devices
        Panel:
Predicate Devices:
The iSchemaView RAPID ICH is claimed to be substantially equivalent to the following legally
marketed predicate device: Aidoc’s BriefCase (K180647).

Device Description:

RAPID ICH is a clinical module which operates within the integrated RAPID Platform to
provide triage and notification prioritization of suspected intra-cranial hemorrhage (ICH). The
RAPID ICH module consists of the core RAPID Platform software which provides the
administration and services for the RAPID; and the RAPID ICH module which functions as one
of many image processing modules hosted by the platform.
RAPID Platform
The RAPID platform is a software package that provides for the visualization and study of
changes in tissue using digital images captured by diagnostic imaging systems including CT
(Computed Tomography), CTA, XA3D and MRI (Magnetic Image Resonance), as an aid to
physician diagnosis. RAPID can be installed on a customer’s Server or it can be accessed


                                  Page 5-1 of 5-8

iSchemaView’s - Traditional 510(k) RAPID ICH
Section 5: 510(k) Summary (Ver. C)
online as virtual system. It provides viewing, quantification, analysis and reporting
capabilities. The RAPID platform has multiple modules a clinician may elect to run and
provide analysis for decision making.
RAPID works with the following types of (DICOM compliant) medical image data:
   •  CT (Computed Tomography)
   •  CTA (Computed Tomography Angiography)
   •  MRI (Magnetic Image Resonance) Note: not used in ASPECTS.
   • XA3D Multiphase

RAPID acquires (DICOM compliant) medical image data from the following sources:
   • DICOM file
   •  DICOM CD-R
   •  Network using DICOM protocol

RAPID provides tools for performing the following types of analysis:
   •   selection of acute stroke patients for endovascular thrombectomy
   •  volumetry of thresholded maps
   •  time intensity plots for dynamic time courses
   •  measurement of mismatch between labeled volumes on co-registered image volumes
   •  Imaging features on non-contrast computed tomography
   •  Imaging features based on density analysis for CT Angiography

RAPID is a software-only device consisting of one or more RAPID Servers (dedicated or
virtual and an iSchemaView Server). The RAPID Server is an image processing engine that
connects to a hospital LAN, inside the Hospital Firewall. It can be a dedicated RAPID
Server or a VM RAPID appliance, which is a virtualized RAPID Server that runs on a
dedicated hospital server. Where available, the RAPID Server is placed logically in the
demilitarized zone (DMZ) of the hospital's network to facilitate bidirectional secure
connection between the (local) RAPID Server and the centralized iSchemaView Server.
The iSchemaView Server is a dedicated server that provides a central repository for RAPID
data. All iSchemaView Server data is stored on encrypted hard disks. It also provides a user
interface for accessing RAPID data. It connects to a firewalled Data Center Network and has
its own firewall for additional cyber/data security. The iSchemaView Server connects to one
or more RAPID Servers via WAN. Available types of connection include VPN (Virtual
Private Network - RFC2401 and RFC4301 Standards) Tunnel and SSH (Secure Shell).


                                  Page 5-2 of 5-8

iSchemaView’s - Traditional 510(k) RAPID ICH
Section 5: 510(k) Summary (Ver. C)
                       RAPID System Overview


RAPID ICH Module
RAPID ICH provides an automatic analysis of received NCCT scan data for the triage and
notification of ischemic hemorrhage (ICH). The application is selected via DICOM encoding
which is processed by the DICOM handler within the RAPID Platform. Once the DICOM server
identifies the selected ICH processing modality, the Job Manager initiates image processing
using the ICH Module.

Upon processing a case with suspicion of ICH, the clinical team is notified via messaging, the
case has a suspicion of ICH. The notifications are sent to the PACS/Workstation, via email and
to a mobile application. The notification provides the attending clinical team physician that
suspicion of hemorrhage has been identified and immediate attention to the case should be given.
The messaging provides notification and compressed image data of the case. The compressed
preview is informational only and labeling identifies it as not to be used for diagnostic use and to
review the data within the PACS/Workstation prior to making any diagnostic decisions. No
additional information markings are added to the case.

The notifications are pop-up messages or email with the appropriate case information and
suspicion or non-suspicion of ICH labelled. In all cases, the normal standard of care workflow is
adhered to, this ensures the case is still reviewed when non-suspicion is determined.


                                  Page 5-3 of 5-8

iSchemaView’s - Traditional 510(k) RAPID ICH
Section 5: 510(k) Summary (Ver. C)
Indications for Use:
RAPID ICH is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in
the analysis of non-enhanced head CT images.
The device is intended to assist hospital networks and trained radiologists in workflow triage by
flagging and communication of suspected positive Intracranial Hemorrhage (ICH) findings in
head CT images, namely Intracranial Hemorrhage (ICH).
RAPID ICH uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with
suspected ICH on a server or standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard
of care image interpretation. The user is presented with notifications for cases with suspected
ICH findings. Notifications include compressed preview images, that are meant for informational
purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter
the original medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.
The results of RAPID ICH are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information
and based on professional judgment, to assist with triage /prioritization of medical images.
Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.
Contraindications/Exclusions/Cautions:
    •  RAPID ICH is one input to physician diagnosis for patients undergoing screening for acute
       hemorrhage or acute stroke.
    •   Excessive patient motion may lead to artifacts that make the scan technically inadequate.
    •   Presence of subacute stroke with mild hemorrhagic transformation may not be detected as
        suspected ICH.
    •   For use with non-contrast scans.  Presence of intravenous contrast may lead to false positive
        indication of suspected ICH.
    •   Identification of suspected findings is not for diagnostic use beyond notification. Images that are
       previewed through email and the mobile application are compressed and are for informational
       purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification.
    •   Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing non-compressed images on a diagnostic viewer and
       engaging in appropriate patient evaluation and relevant discussion with a treating physician before
       making care-related decisions or requests.
    •  RAPID ICH is limited to analysis of imaging data and should not be used in-lieu of full patient
        evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm diagnosis. Notified clinicians are responsible for
       viewing non-compressed images on a diagnostic viewer and engaging in appropriate patient
        evaluation and relevant discussion with a treating physician before making care-related decisions
        or requests.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics:
The subject and predicate devices are radiological computer-assisted triage and notification
software programs. Both devices are artificial intelligence algorithms incorporated software
packages for use with CT scanners, PACS, and workstations. Both devices process images
intended to aid in prioritization and triage of radiological medical images. The subject and
predicate device process NCCT images for ICH indication. Both devices are intended to provide


                                  Page 5-4 of 5-8

iSchemaView’s - Traditional 510(k) RAPID ICH
Section 5: 510(k) Summary (Ver. C)
notifications and preview head images of potential findings to radiologists and other clinicians
for the purpose of treatment planning and follow up.

Both software devices notify a designated list of clinicians (the predicate device - a radiologist,
the subject device – a clinician) of the availability of time sensitive radiological medical images
for review based on computer aided image analysis performed by the device’s AI algorithm. The
subject and predicate device sends notifications and compressed previews to the workstations’
desktop of the radiologist. Additionally, the subject device sends an email (normal processing
within RAPID Platform and previously cleared and mobile notification (similar to the predicate’s
predicate device. Those notifications work in parallel to the standard of care. They prompt the
clinician to start preemptive triage of a flagged case, upon which they may decide after observing
the preview, to turn to the local PACS/Workstation to perform the evaluation. If a notification is
found to be non-suspicious of ICH, the case still remains in the queue to be handled per the
standard of care.

The predicate and subject devices process CT images using similar techniques and a similar
artificial intelligence algorithm. Specifically, the subject and predicate software utilize a deep
learning algorithm trained on medical images. The deep-learning process allows for high
accuracy in the detection of initial suspect locations. As a system, the RAPID ICH raises the
same types of safety and effectiveness questions as the predicate; namely, accurate detection of
findings within the reviewed and processed study on which a clinician can base a clinically
useful triage/prioritization assessment considering all available clinical information.

It is important to note that, like the predicate, the device does not remove cases from a reading
queue. Again, both devices operate in parallel with the standard of care, which remains the
default option for all cases.

A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.
                                Substantial Equivalence Table
  Comparison   Aidoc Briefcase (K180647)        RAPID ICH
   Feature
   Indications    Aidoc Briefcase is a radiological    RAPID ICH is a radiological
   for Use       computer aided triage and           computer aided triage and
                    notification software indicated for      notification software indicated for
                 use in the analysis of non-enhanced   use in the analysis of nonhead CT images.                   enhanced head CT images. The
               The device is intended to assist        device is intended to assist
                   hospital networks and trained          hospital networks and trained
                   radiologists in workflow triage by      radiologists in workflow triage by
                  flagging and communication of        flagging and communication of
                  suspected positive findings of         suspected positive findings of
                  pathologies in head CT images,       pathologies in head CT images,
               namely Intracranial Hemorrhage      namely Intracranial Hemorrhage
                 (ICH).                              (ICH).


                                  Page 5-5 of 5-8

iSchemaView’s - Traditional 510(k) RAPID ICH
Section 5: 510(k) Summary (Ver. C)
               Aidoc Briefcase uses an artificial    RAPID ICH uses an artificial
                   intelligence algorithm to analyze       intelligence algorithm to analyze
                images and highlight cases with      images and highlight cases with
                  detected ICH on a standalone          detected ICH on a standalone
                 desktop application in parallel to the   desktop application in parallel to
                ongoing standard of care image        the ongoing standard of care
                    interpretation. The user is presented   image interpretation. The user is
                 with notifications for cases with       presented with notifications for
                  suspected ICH findings.               cases with suspected ICH
                   Notifications include compressed      findings. Notifications include
                preview images that are meant for     compressed preview images that
                  informational purposes only and not   are meant for informational
                  intended for diagnostic use beyond    purposes only and not intended
                    notification. The device does not       for diagnostic use beyond
                     alter the original medical image and    notification. The device does not
                       is not intended to be used as a           alter the original medical image
                  diagnostic device. The results of     and is not intended to be used as a
               Aidoc Briefcase are intended to be     diagnostic device. The results of
                 used in conjunction with other      RAPID ICH are intended to be
                   patient information and based on      used in conjunction with other
                   professional judgment, to assist with   patient information and based on
                    triage/prioritization of medical         professional judgment, to assist
                 images. Notified clinicians are       with triage/prioritization of
                  responsible for viewing full images    medical images. Notified
                  per the standard of care.                clinicians are responsible for
                                                   viewing full images per the
                                                       standard of care.
  Stroke/Head   Stroke/Head                        Stroke/Head
  Removal of   No                        No
   cases from
   worklist
  queue
  Primary     NCCT                    NCCT
  Imaging
   Modalities
  Technical     ML/AI/Neural Network             ML/AI/Neural Network
  Implementati
  on
  Segmentation  No, the device does not highlight or   No, the device does not highlight
   of ROI          direct a user’s attention to a specific   or direct a user’s attention to a
                   location in the image file.              specific location in the image file.


                                  Page 5-6 of 5-8

iSchemaView’s - Traditional 510(k) RAPID ICH
Section 5: 510(k) Summary (Ver. C)
  Preview        Presentation of a preview of the       Presentation of a preview of the
  Images        study for initial assessment not        study for initial assessment not
                meant for diagnostic purposes.       meant for diagnostic purposes.

               The device operates in parallel with   The device operates in parallel
                   the standard of care, which remains.   with the standard of care, which
                                                       remains.
  Primary        Radiologist                           Clinician
   User(s)
   Alteration of  No                        No
   original
  image data
  base
   Alters          In parallel to                          In parallel to
  Standard of
  Care
  Workflow
   Notification/   Yes – PACS, Workstation          Yes – PACS, Workstation, email,
   Prioritization                                     mobile

Performance Standards:
RAPID ICH has been developed in conformance with the following standards, as
applicable:
   EN ISO 14971:2012    Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices
    IEC 62304:2015       Medical device software – Software lifecycle processes
   NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20    Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)
Performance Data:
iSchemaView conducted a retrospective, blinded, multicenter, multinational study with the
RAPID ICH software with the primary endpoint to evaluate the software’s performance in
identifying noncontrast CT head images containing intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) findings in
336 cases from US ( 4 Sites and 1 Multisite Study) and OUS sites (1 site, 1 multisite). There
were approximately an equal number of positive and negative cases (images with ICH versus
without ICH) included in the analysis.

Sensitivity and specificity exceeded the 80% performance goal. Specifically, sensitivity was
observed to be Se: 0.899 (95% CI: 0.847 – 0.935) and Sp: 0.943 (95% CI: 0.895 – 0.970).
In addition, a secondary endpoint measure was RAPID ICH’s time to notification of suspicion
non-suspicion as 2.28 min (95% CI: 2.24 - 2.33) was achieved.

The RAPID ICH time-to-notification includes the time to get the DICOM exam, de-identify it (if
required), analyze and send a notification back to the attending physician(s) email and mobile.


                                  Page 5-7 of 5-8

iSchemaView’s - Traditional 510(k) RAPID ICH
Section 5: 510(k) Summary (Ver. C)
Prescriptive Statement:

Caution: Federal law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.

Safety & Effectiveness:

RAPID ASPECTS has been designed, verified and validated in compliance with 21 CFR, Part
820.30 requirements. The device has been designed to meet the requirements associated with EN
ISO 14971:2012 (risk management) and the software development process conforms to ISO
62304:2015. The RAPID ICH performance has been validated through the use of phantoms and
retrospective case data and through the use of reader truthing of the data.

Conclusion:
In conclusion, iSchemaView’s RAPID ICH is substantially equivalent in technological
characteristics, safety, and performance characteristics to the legally marketed predicate device,
BriefCase (K180647); the two devices vary slightly in the notification pathway, the subject
device has a mobile interface to allow messaging.
The RAPID ICH is thus substantially equivalent to the BriefCase predicate device.


                                  Page 5-8 of 5-8