GE Healthcare Japan Corporation                                December 13, 2019
℅ Ms. Helen Peng
Sr. Regulatory Affairs Director
GE Medical Systems, LLC
3000 North Grandview Blvd.
WAUKESHA WI 53188

Re: K193170
    Trade/Device Name: Deep Learning Image Reconstruction
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed tomography x-ray system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: November 14, 2019
    Received: November 15, 2019

Dear Ms. Peng:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K193170 – Ms. Helen Peng                                                             Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K193170
Device Name
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction
Indications for Use (Describe)
The Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software is a deep learning based reconstruction method intended to produce
cross-sectional images of the head and whole body by computer reconstruction of X-ray transmission data taken at
different angles and planes, including Axial, Helical (Volumetric), and Cardiac acquisitions, for all ages.
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software can be used for head, whole body, cardiac, and vascular CT applications.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
& Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Oo Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW."
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services 01) 453-6740 EF
4-2

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission - DLIR
K193170
            510(k) SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVNESS

This 510(k) summary of Safety and Effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with
the requirement of 21 CFR Part 807.87(h):

  Date:                November 14, 2019

  Submitter:          GE Healthcare Japan Corporation
                           7-127, Asahigaoka, 4-chome
                             Hino-shi, Tokyo, 191-8503, Japan


  Primary Contact:      Tomohiro Ito
                                  Sr. Regulatory Affairs Leader
                       Phone +81-42-585-5383 or +81-90-8346-6807
                            Email: tomohiro.ito@ge.com
  Secondary Contacts:   Helen Peng
                                  Sr. Regulatory Affairs Director
                    GE Healthcare
                                 Tel: 262-424-8222
                            Email: hong.peng@ge.com

  Device Trade Name:    Deep Learning Image Reconstruction

  Device Classification   Class II
  Regulation Number/   21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
  Product Code:

  Predicate Device Information
  Device Name:         Deep Learning Image Reconstruction
  Manufacturer:        GE Medical System SCS (d.b.a GE Healthcare)
  510(k) Number:       K183202 cleared on April 12, 2019
  Regulation Number/   21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
  Product Code:
  Reference Device Information
  Device Name:          ASiR-V
  Manufacturer:        GE Medical System SCS (d.b.a GE Healthcare)
  510(k) Number:       K133640 cleared on March 25, 2014
  Regulation Number/   21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
  Product Code:


                               Page 1

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission - DLIR


Device Description
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction is an image reconstruction method that uses a dedicated
Deep Neural Network (DNN) that has been designed and trained specifically to generate CT
Images to give an image appearance, as shown on axial NPS plots, similar to traditional FBP
images while maintaining the performance of ASiR‐V in the following areas: image noise (pixel
standard deviation), low contrast detectability, high‐contrast spatial resolution, and streak
artifact suppression.

The images produced are branded as “TrueFidelityTM CT Images”. Reconstruction times with
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software support a normal throughput for routine CT.

The deep learning technology is integrated into the scanner’s existing raw data-based image
reconstruction chain to produce DICOM compatible “TrueFidelityTM CT Images”.

The system allows user selection of three strengths of Deep Learning Image Recon: Low,
Medium or High. The strength selection will vary with individual users’ preferences and
experience for the specific clinical need.

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software was initially introduced on the Revolution CT
systems (K133705, K163213). The DLIR algorithm is now ported to Revolution EVO (K131576),
which offers 64 detector row and up to 40mm collimation, and ASIR-V reconstruction option.

Compared to the predicate device, the intended use and indications for use of Deep Learning
Image Reconstruction are identical.


Intended Use
The Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software is intended for head, whole body, cardiac,
and vascular CT scans.


Indications for Use
The Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software is a deep learning based reconstruction
method intended to produce cross-sectional images of the head and whole body by computer
reconstruction of X-ray transmission data taken at different angles and planes, including Axial,
Helical (Volumetric), and Cardiac acquisitions, for all ages.

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software can be used for head, whole body, cardiac, and
vascular CT applications.


Comparisons
The GE Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software for the Revolution EVO is substantially
equivalent to the unmodified predicate device DLIR reconstruction option for Revolution family
of CT systems. The fundamental technology, i.e the DLIR algorithm, remains unchanged from the

                               Page 2

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission - DLIR

predicate. The table below summarizes the substantive feature/technological differences
between the predicate device and the proposed device:

 Specification/       Deep Learning Image         Deep Learning Image
 Attribute            Reconstruction                Reconstruction

                      Predicate Device, (K183202)    (Proposed Device)

 Technology              Utilizes a dedicated Deep Neural  Same
                     Network (DNN) which is trained
                           for the Revolution family CT
                      Scanners and designed
                            specifically to generate high
                           quality CT images

 Clinical Workflow       Select recon type and strength   Same
                           (High, Medium, Low)

 Clinical Use            Routine Clinical Use           Same

 Reference             Using the same Reference         Using the same Reference
 protocols/dose         protocols provided on the         protocols provided on the
                        Revolution CT system for ASiR-V   Revolution EVO system for
                                                      ASiR-V

 IQ performance vs     Image noise, low contrast        Image noise, low contrast
 dose                     detectability, spatial resolution,    detectability, spatial resolution,
                    and low signal artifact           and low signal artifact
                       suppression as good or better     suppression as good or better
                      than ASiR-V on Revolution CT     than ASiR-V on Revolution EVO.

 Deployment         On CT console              On GE’s Edison Platform.
 Environment


Deep Learning Image Reconstruction algorithm itself does not introduce any new risks/hazards,
warnings, or limitations.

The changes described above do not change the fundamental control mechanism, operating
principle, and do not change the intended use from the predicate device.

Determination of Substantial Equivalence
Summary of Non-Clinical Testing

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software has successfully completed the design control
testing per our quality system. No new hazards were identified, and no unexpected test results
were obtained. Deep Learning Image Reconstruction was designed under the Quality System
Regulations of 21CFR 820 and ISO 13485. GE believes that the extensive software testing, IQ


                               Page 3

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission - DLIR

bench testing, and the clinical reader study evaluation are sufficient for FDA’s substantial
equivalence determination.

The following quality assurance measures have been applied to the development of the
software:

          •       Risk Analysis and Control
          •      Requirement Reviews
          •      Design Reviews
          •      Software Development Lifecycle
          •        Verification Testing at unit, integration and system levels
          •      Design Validation Resting


The testing and results did not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness than
associated with predicate device. We consider the proposed device is substantially equivalent
to the predicate device DLIR for Revolution CT family of products.

The substantial equivalence is also based on the software documentation for a “Moderate” level
of concern device


Additional Non-Clinical Testing
Engineering bench testing was performed to support substantial equivalence and the product
performance claims. The evaluation and analysis used the identical raw datasets obtained on
GE’s Revolution EVO CT System and then applies the Deep Learning Image Reconstruction
(DLIR) or ASiR-V reconstruction (hence the dose (CTDIvol) is identical for both). The resultant
images were then compared for:
      ▪ Low Contrast Detectability (LCD) using the head and body MITA/FDA low contrast
      phantoms and a model observer
      ▪ Low Contrast Detectability (LCD) with statistical method
      ▪ Image Noise (pixel standard deviation) using both head and body uniform
      phantoms
      ▪ High-Contrast Spatial Resolution (MTF) using a quality assurance phantom with a
       small diameter tungsten wire surrounded by water inside the phantom to generate
       the point spread function
      ▪ Streak Artifact Suppression using an oval uniform polyethylene phantom with
      embedded high attenuation objects to produce the artifacts
      ▪ Spatial Resolution, longitudinal (FWHM slice sensitivity profile)
      ▪ Noise Power Spectrum (NPS) and Standard Deviation of noise
      ▪ CT Number Accuracy and Uniformity
      ▪ Contrast to Noise (CNR) ratio
      ▪ Artifact analysis – metal objects, unintended motion, truncation
      ▪ Pediatric Image Quality Performance
      ▪ Low Dose Lung Cancer Screening

                               Page 4

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission - DLIR

 Clinical Testing
The reader study used a total of 60 retrospectively collected clinal cases. The raw data from
each of these cases was reconstructed with both ASiR-V and Deep Learning Image
Reconstruction (DLIR) and presented to each reader independently. The results of the study
support substantial equivalence and performance claims.
These images were read by 7 board-certified radiologists with expertise in the specialty areas
that align with the anatomical region of each case. Each image was read by 3 different
radiologists who provided an assessment of image quality related to diagnostic use according to
a 5-point Likert Scale. The readers completed their evaluations independently and were blinded
to the results of the other readers’ assessments

Additionally, the readers were asked to compare directly the ASIR-V and Deep Learning Image
Reconstruction (DLIR) images according to three key metrics of image quality preference –
image noise texture, image sharpness, and image noise texture homogeneity.

Substantial Equivalence
The changes associated with Deep Learning Image Reconstruction (DLIR) software do not
change the Indications for Use from the predicate, and represent equivalent technological
characteristics, with no impact on control mechanism, operating principle, and energy type.

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction (DLIR) software for Revolution EVO was developed under
GE Healthcare’s quality system. Design verification, validation along with bench testing and the
clinical reader study demonstrate that the Deep Learning Image Reconstruction (DLIR) software
is substantially equivalent and hence as safe and as effective as the legally marketed predicate
device. GE’s quality system’s design, verification, validation and risk management processes did
not identify any new hazards, unexpected results, or adverse effects stemming from the
changes to the predicate.

Based on development under GE Healthcare’s quality system, the successful verification and
validation testing, the additional engineering bench testing, and the clinical reader study, GE
Healthcare believes that the Deep Learning Image Reconstruction (DLIR) Software is
substantially equivalent to the unmodified predicate device and hence is safe and effective for
its intended use.


                               Page 5