Nines, Inc.                                                                    April 21, 2020
℅ John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.
Regulatory Counsel
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 13th Street, NW
WASHINGTON DC 20004

Re: K193351
    Trade/Device Name: NinesAI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: March 30, 2020
    Received: March 30, 2020

Dear Dr. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reporting-

K193351 - John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.                                                      Page 2


combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                       Food and Drug Administration                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                 Indications for Use                      See PRA Statement below

510(k) Number

K193351
Device Name

NinesAI
Indications for Use (Describe)

NinesAI is a parallel workflow tool indicated for use by hospital networks and trained clinicians to identify images of
specific patients to a radiologist, independent of standard of care workflow, to aid in prioritizing and performing the
radiological review. NinesAI uses artificial intelligence algorithms to analyze head CT images for findings suggestive of a
pre-specified emergent clinical condition.

The software automatically analyzes Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) images as they arrive in
the Picture Archive and Communication System (PACS) using machine learning algorithms. Identification of suspected
findings is not for diagnostic use beyond notification. Specifically, the software analyzes head CT images of the brain to
assess the suspected presence of intracranial hemorrhage and/or mass effect and identifies images with potential
emergent findings in a radiologist’s worklist.

NinesAI is intended to be used as a triage tool limited to analysis of imaging data and should not be used in-lieu of full
patient evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis. Additionally, preview images displayed to the radiologist
outside of the DICOM viewer are non-diagnostic quality and should only be used for informational purposes.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
          X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       ☐Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including
          the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and
         complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
          other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human
                                           Services Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                             Page 1 of 1                                           PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) SUMMARY
                                   Nines, Inc.’s NinesAI
                                   K193351

Submitter:
              Nines, Inc.
            329 Alma Street
              Palo Alto, CA 94301

Contact Person:

               Dr. Russell Stewart
             Phone: 650 924 6159
              russell@ninesai.com

Date Prepared: April 17, 2020

Name of Device: NinesAI

Classification Name: Radiological Computer-Assisted Triage and Notification Software

Regulatory Class: Class II

Product Code: QAS

Predicate Device: Aidoc Medical’s BriefCase (K180647)

Device Description

NinesAl notifies a radiologist of the presence of a suspected critical abnormality in a radiological
image. The software system is a complete package comprised of image analysis software and a
workstation module that is used to alert the radiologist. The image analysis can also be configured to
send HL7 messages and DICOM secondary series.

The image analysis uses Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology to analyze non contrast CT Head
scans for the presence of Intracranial Hemorrhage and/or Mass Effect. More specifically, the device
utilizes two machine learning (ML) algorithms to detect each finding respectively.

NinesAI is a software device and does not come into contact with patients. All radiological studies
are  still reviewed by trained  radiologists. NinesAI  is meant  to be used as an aid  for case
prioritization.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

NinesAI is a parallel workflow tool indicated for use by hospital networks and trained clinicians to
identify images of specific patients to a radiologist, independent of standard of care workflow, to aid
in prioritizing and performing the radiological review. NinesAI uses artificial intelligence algorithms to
analyze head CT images for findings suggestive of a pre-specified emergent clinical condition.

The software automatically analyzes Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)
images as they arrive in the Picture Archive and Communication System (PACS) using machine
learning algorithms. Identification of suspected findings is not for diagnostic use beyond notification.
Specifically, the software analyzes head CT images of the brain to assess the suspected presence
of intracranial hemorrhage and/or mass effect and identifies images with potential emergent findings
in a radiologist’s worklist.

NinesAI is intended to be used as a triage tool limited to analysis of imaging data and should not be
used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis. Additionally,
preview images displayed to the radiologist outside of the DICOM viewer are non-diagnostic quality
and should only be used for informational purposes.

Summary of Technological Characteristics

The NinesAI indications for use differ slightly from the predicate, but the minor differences do not
negatively impact the safety and effectiveness of the subject device. In sum, the predicate  is
indicated for use to analyze images for the presence of ICH. NinesAI is indicated for use to analyze
ICH, as  well as Mass  Effect. The  additional  potential  finding  of Mass  Effect can be seen
concomitantly with ICH cases and the detection of such potential pathology  is supported by
performance testing.   All potential findings covered by the predicate and NinesAI are emergent
findings in the head.

Artificial intelligence algorithms are the technological principle for both the subject and predicate
devices. The algorithms are trained using a database of radiological images.  At a high level, the
subject and predicate devices are based on the following same technological elements:

         ●  Artificial Intelligence Algorithm(s);
         ●  Notification Technology.

A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.

                            NinesAI (K193351)             AIDoc’s BriefCase (K180647)

Indications for Use    NinesAI is a parallel workflow tool      BriefCase is a radiological computer
                         indicated for use by hospital networks   aided triage and notification software
                    and trained clinicians to identify         indicated for use in the analysis of
                    images of specific patients to a        non-enhanced head CT images.
                           radiologist, independent of standard    The device is intended to assist
                          of care workflow, to aid in prioritizing    hospital networks and trained
                    and performing the radiological          radiologists in workflow triage by
                        review. NinesAI uses artificial           flagging and communication of
                          intelligence algorithms to analyze      suspected positive findings of
                    head CT images for findings            pathologies in head CT images,

NinesAI (K193351)             AIDoc’s BriefCase (K180647)

                       suggestive of a pre-specified          namely Intracranial Hemorrhage
                     emergent clinical condition.             (ICH).
                                                           BriefCase uses an artificial
                   The software automatically analyzes     intelligence algorithm to analyze
                           Digital Imaging and Communications   images and highlight cases with
                            in Medicine (DICOM) images as they   detected ICH on a standalone
                          arrive in the Picture Archive and        desktop application in parallel to the
                    Communication System (PACS)       ongoing standard of care image
                       using machine learning algorithms.      interpretation. The user is presented
                           Identification of suspected findings is    with notifications for cases with
                        not for diagnostic use beyond          suspected ICH findings. Notifications
                            notification. Specifically, the software    include compressed preview images
                      analyzes head CT images of the         that are meant for informational
                         brain to assess the suspected         purposes only and not intended for
                     presence of intracranial hemorrhage    diagnostic use beyond notification.
                       and/or mass effect and identifies      The device does not alter the original
                    images with potential emergent        medical image and is not intended to
                         findings in a radiologist’s worklist.      be used as a diagnostic device.
                                                  The results of BriefCase are intended
                      NinesAI is intended to be used as a     to be used in conjunction with other
                          triage tool limited to analysis of          patient information and based on
                      imaging data and should not be used    professional judgment, to assist with
                             in-lieu of full patient evaluation or         triage/prioritization of medical images.
                           relied upon to make or confirm a         Notified clinicians are responsible for
                        diagnosis. Additionally, preview         viewing full images per the standard
                    images displayed to the radiologist      of care.
                        outside of the DICOM viewer are nondiagnostic quality and should only be
                    used for informational purposes.
User Population       Radiologists                            Radiologists

Technological            Artificial Intelligence algorithms            Artificial Intelligence algorithms
Characteristics        detecting emergent findings sending    detecting emergent findings sending
                           notifications to the workstation.           notifications to the workstation.

Components                    -    Artificial Intelligence                      -    Artificial Intelligence
                               Algorithm                             Algorithm
                                      -    Notification Technology                 -    Notification Technology

Anatomical Region   Head                          Head
of Interest
Findings Covered      Intracranial Hemorrhage and Mass      Intracranial Hemorrhage
                         Effect
Data Acquisition     Non contrast CT scan of the head     Non contrast CT scan of the head or
Protocol                                               neck
View DICOM Data    DICOM information about the patient,  DICOM information about the patient,
                       study and current image               study and current image
Preview Images       Presentation of notification and         Presentation of notification and
                      preview of the study for initial          preview of the study for initial
                    assessment not meant for diagnostic   assessment not meant for diagnostic
                      purposes. This is done via desktop     purposes. This is done via desktop
                           notification or via DICOM series.         notification.

                   The device operates in parallel with    The device operates in parallel with
                       the standard of care, which remains     the standard of care, which remains

NinesAI (K193351)             AIDoc’s BriefCase (K180647)

                        the default option for all cases          the default option for all cases
Alteration of        No                          No
Original Image
Removal of Cases    No                          No
from Worklist
Queue
Triage Notification    Workstation Application Notification,    Workstation Application Notification
Types             HL7

Performance Testing

Nines performed software verification and validation testing that covers the performance of the
algorithms, as well as the performance of the software and its components. In all instances, NinesAI
functioned as intended and expected.

The NinesAI device underwent performance testing to verify the efficacy and safety of the machine
learning algorithms. Both of the algorithms used in NinesAI were evaluated independently from each
other to allow for an individual understanding of each algorithm’s respective performance.  Each
algorithm was tested in a retrospective performance trial, with the primary endpoints of each trial
being the respective sensitivity and specificity of the algorithm in question. Other endpoints included:
Positive Predictive Value, Negative Predictive Value, ROC AUC, time savings relative to standard of
care, and agreement rate between labelers who determined ground truth for the test dataset studies.
Head CT studies included in each of the test datasets were obtained from over 20 clinical sites and
included a minimum of 3 scanner manufacturers and over 20 scanner models, and also reflected
broad patient demographics.

The primary endpoints for each algorithm are listed below:


 Finding                          Sensitivity  [95%  confidence  Specificity  [95%  confidence
                                    intervals]                         intervals]

 Intracranial Hemorrhage          0.899                          0.974
                                     [0.837, 0.940]                      [0.994, 0.992]

 Mass Effect                     0.964                          0.911
                                     [0.916, 0.987]                      [0.856, 0.948]


A time benefit analysis was performed for each algorithm and showed a time-to-notification that is
faster than the  similar standard  of care  metric  of  time-to-open-dictation.  These  results are
summarized below for each algorithm.

             The time-savings data for Intracranial Hemorrhage is listed below:

                     Metric            Mean (min)          Median (min)

               Time-to-open-dictation     159.4 [67.07, 251.7]              6.0
                 standard of care

Metric            Mean (min)          Median (min)

                 Time-notification of        0.23 [0.23, 0.24]              0.24
                    NinesAI


                  The time-savings data for Mass Effect is listed below:

                     Metric            Mean (min)          Median (min)

               Time-to-open-dictation      28.5 [14.1, 42.8]                7.5
                 standard of care

                 Time-notification of        0.23 [0.23, 0.24]              0.24
                    NinesAI


The Intracranial Hemorrhage and Mass Effect algorithms met the performance goal outlined by the
predicate device of .80 for both sensitivity and specificity. Additionally, the performance for each
algorithm is comparable to the observed performance reported for the predicate device: 93.6% (95%
CI: 86.6%-97.6%) sensitivity and 92.3% (95% CI: 85.4%-96.6%) specificity.

Based on the clinical performance as documented in the pivotal clinical study, the subject software
has a safety and effectiveness profile that is similar to the predicate device.

Conclusions

NinesAI has the same intended uses and similar indications, technological characteristics, and
principles of operation as its predicate device. The minor differences in indication do not alter the
intended use of the device and do not affect its safety and effectiveness when used as labeled.  In
addition, the minor technological differences between the NinesAI and its predicate devices raise no
new issues of safety or effectiveness. Performance data demonstrate that NinesAI performs as
intended. Thus, NinesAI is substantially equivalent.