ScreenPoint Medical B.V.                                      March 5, 2020
℅ Umar Waqas, Ph.D.
Head of Regulatory and Quality Affairs
Mercator II, 7th floor, Toernooiveld 300
6525EC Nijmegen, Gelderland
THE NETHERLANDS

Re: K193229
    Trade/Device Name: Transpara™ 1.6.0
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2090
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer assisted detection and diagnosis software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QDQ
    Dated: January 28, 2020
    Received: February 3, 2020

Dear Dr. Waqas:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K193229 - Umar Waqas, Ph.D.                                                          Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEAL TH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                                                                          See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

51 0(k) Number (if known)
Kl93229

Device Name
Transpara™ 1.6.0


Indications for Use (Describe)
Transpara™ software is intended for use as a concurrent reading aid for physicians interpreting screening full-field digital
mammography exams and digital breast tomosynthesis exams from compatible FFDM and DBT systems, to identify
regions suspicious for breast cancer and assess their likelihood of malignancy. Output of the device includes locations of
calcifications groups and soft-tissue regions, with scores indicating the likelihood that cancer is present, and an exam score
indicating the likelihood that cancer is present in the exam. Patient management decisions should not be made solely on
the basis of analysis by Transpara™.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                 [El Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                      Department of Health and Human Services
                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              '�n agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                             Page 1 of 1                                                     PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K193229


510(k) Summary Transpara™

This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is prepared in accordance
with the requirements of 21 CFR § 807.92.


1. Submitter

Manufacturer:

ScreenPoint Medical B.V.

Mercator II, 7th floor

Toernooiveld 300

6525 EC Nijmegen

Netherlands

www.screenpoint-medical.com


Contact person:

Umar Waqas

Office: +31 24 3030045 | +31 24 2020020

Mobile: +31 6 44077104

Mercator II, 7th floor, Toernooiveld 300, 6525 EC Nijmegen, Netherlands

Date:

January 28, 2020


TransparaTM 510(k) Submission

K193229

2. Device

 Device trade name           Transpara™ 1.6.0
 Device                         Radiological Computer Assisted Detection and
                               Diagnosis Software
 Classification regulation       21 CFR 892.2090
 Panel                        Radiology
 Device class                                II
 Product code           QDQ
 Submission type                 Traditional 510(k)


3. Legally marketed predicate device


 Device trade name           Transpara™ 1.3.0 (K181704)
 Legal Manufacturer            ScreenPoint Medical B.V.
 Device                         Radiological Computer Assisted Detection and
                               Diagnosis Software
 Classification regulation       21 CFR 892.2090
 Panel                        Radiology
 Device class                                II
 Product code           QDQ


4. Device description

TransparaTM is a software only application designed to be used by physicians to improve
interpretation of digital mammography and digital breast tomosynthesis. The system is
intended to be used as a concurrent reading aid to help readers with detection and
characterization of potential abnormalities suspicious for breast cancer and to improve
workflow. ‘Deep learning’ algorithms are applied to FFDM images and DBT slices for
recognition of suspicious  calcifications and  soft tissue lesions (including densities,
masses, architectural distortions, and asymmetries). Algorithms are trained with a large
database  of biopsy-proven examples  of breast cancer, benign abnormalities, and
examples of normal tissue.

Transpara™ offers the following functions which may be used at any time during reading
(concurrent use):

   a) Computer aided detection (CAD) marks to highlight locations where the device
      detected suspicious calcifications or soft tissue lesions.


TransparaTM 510(k) Submission

K193229


   b) Decision support is provided by region scores on a scale ranging from 0-100, with
      higher scores indicating a higher level of suspicion.
    c) Links between corresponding regions in different views of the breast, which may
     be utilized to enhance user interfaces and workflow.
   d) An exam score which categorizes exams on a scale of 1-10 with increasing
       likelihood of cancer. The score is calibrated in such a way that approximately 10
      percent of mammograms in a population of mammograms without cancer falls in
      each category.

Results of TransparaTM are computed in processing server which accepts mammograms
or DBT exams in DICOM format as input, processes them, and sends the processing
output to a destination using the DICOM protocol in a standardized mammography CAD
DICOM format. Use of the device is supported for images from the following modality
manufacturers: FFDM (Hologic, Siemens, General Electric, Philips, Fujifilm) and DBT
(Hologic, Siemens). Common destinations are medical workstations, PACS and RIS.
TransparaTM is offered as a virtual machine and runs on pre-selected standard PC
hardware as well as a dedicated virtual machine cluster. The system can be configured
using a service interface. Implementation of a user interface for end users in a medical
workstation is to be provided by third parties.

5. Indications for use

Transpara™ is a software medical device for use in a healthcare facility or hospital with
the following indications for use:

Transpara™ software is intended for use as a concurrent reading aid for physicians
interpreting  screening   full-field  digital mammography  exams  and  digital  breast
tomosynthesis exams from compatible FFDM and DBT systems, to identify regions
suspicious for breast cancer and assess their likelihood of malignancy. Output of the
device includes locations of calcifications groups and soft-tissue regions, with scores
indicating the likelihood that cancer is present, and an exam score indicating the likelihood
that cancer is present in the exam. Patient management decisions should not be made
solely on the basis of analysis by Transpara™.

Intended user population

Intended users of Transpara™ are physicians qualified to read screening mammography
exams and digital breast tomosynthesis exams.

Intended patient population

The device is intended to be used in the population of women undergoing screening
mammography and digital breast tomosynthesis.


TransparaTM 510(k) Submission

K193229


Warnings and precautions

Transpara™ is an adjunct tool and not intended to replace a physicians’ own review of a
mammogram. Decisions should not be made solely based on analysis by Transpara™.

6. Predicate device comparison

The indication for use of Transpara™ 1.6.0 is similar to that of the predicate device. Both
devices are intended for concurrent use by physicians interpreting breast images to help
them with localizing and characterizing abnormalities. The devices are not intended as a
replacement for the review of a physician or their clinical judgement. Support for DBT has
been added in the indications  for use of the subject device compared to the indications
for use of the predicate device. The algorithmic components have been updated to
improve detection accuracy for FFDM and to enable processing of DBT. The subject
device also supports Fujifilm FFDM systems, which was cleared in K192287 (Transpara™
1.5.0).

The overall design of Transpara™ 1.6.0 is the same as that of the predicate device. Both
versions detect and characterize findings in radiological breast images and provide
information about the presence, location, and characteristics of the findings to the user in
a similar way.

Changes do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness of the device when
used as labeled.

7. Summary of non-clinical performance data

In the design and development of Transpara 1.6.0, ScreenPoint applied the following
voluntary FDA recognized standards and guidelines:

 Standard ID      Standard Title                   FDA Recognition #

 ISO 14971:2007   Medical Devices  - Application Of Risk  5-40
                Management To Medical Devices

 IEC 62304:2015   Medical Device Software - Software Life  13-79
                  Cycle Processes

 DEN180005       Decision summary with special controls
                       for class II radiology device


TransparaTM 510(k) Submission

K193229


The following guidance documents were used to support this submission:

   •  Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Guidance for the Content of Premarket
      Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices (Issued on May 11, 2005)
   •  Computer-Assisted Detection Devices Applied to Radiology Images and
      Radiology Device Data – Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submissions (Issued on
       July 3, 2012)
   •  Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Clinical Performance Assessment:
      Considerations for Computer-Assisted Detection Devices Applied to Radiology
     Images and Radiology Device Data - Premarket Approval (PMA) and Premarket
       Notification [510(k)] Submissions (Issued on July 3, 2012)


Transpara™1.6.0  is a software-only device. The level of concern for the device  is
determined as Moderate Level of Concern.


Stand-alone performance testing


Based on results of verification and validation tests  it is concluded that Transpara™ is
effective in the detection of soft lesions and calcifications at an appropriate safety level in
mammograms acquired with mammography devices for which the software has been
validated.

Verification testing consisted of software unit testing, software integration testing and
software system testing. The verification test showed that the software application
satisfied the software requirements.

Validation testing consisted of determining stand-alone performance of the algorithms in
Transpara 1.6.0 using an independent multi-vendor test-set of mammography and DBT
exams acquired from multiple centers. This test dataset included mammography and DBT
exams  of women  undergoing mammography  acquired  with  devices  from  five
manufacturers: Hologic, GE, Philips, Siemens, and Fujifilm. Validation testing confirmed
that algorithm performance is non-inferior or better in comparison to Transpara 1.3.0 for
the four manufacturers for which the device was already cleared and that for Fujifilm
performance was non-inferior to the performance achieved on the pooled test data of
devices cleared for use with the predicate device.

Based on results of verification and validation tests it is concluded that Transpara 1.6.0 is
effective in the detection of soft lesions and calcifications at an appropriate safety level.


TransparaTM 510(k) Submission

K193229


8. Summary of clinical tests

A pivotal reader study was conducted with Transpara 1.6.0. This study was designed to
provide evidence for safety and effectiveness of the device.

The objective  of the reader study was  to determine whether the performance  of
radiologists detecting breast cancer in DBT exams increases when they concurrently use
Transpara compared to when they read DBT exams unaided. In the study, both conditions
are tested with a fully-crossed, multi-reader multi-case retrospective study performed by
eighteen MQSA qualified radiologists. The study was conducted with an enriched sample
of 240 Siemens Mammomat DBT exams, including 65 exams with breast cancer, 65
exams with benign abnormalities, and 110 normal exams.

The primary hypothesis for the study was superior breast-level area under the receiver
operating characteristic curve (AUC, ROC) between conditions when radiologists use
Transpara™ to read DBT exams at a significance level alpha 0.05.

Secondary objectives of the reader study were to determine if the use of Transpara™ as
an aid leads to: 1) reading time reduction, 2) non-inferior or higher sensitivity, 3) noninferior or higher specificity, and 4) reading time reduction on normal exams. In addition,
it was tested  if standalone AUC performance of Transpara™ was non-inferior to the
average AUC performance of the readers.

Statistical analysis of the reader study results showed that the primary objective and all
pre-specified endpoints of the study were met. Radiologists significantly improved their
detection performance when using Transpara™ to read DBT exams, with the average
AUC increasing from 0.833 to 0.863 (P = 0.0025), while reading time was significantly
reduced and superior sensitivity was obtained with Transpara™.

Results of the clinical study provide evidence for safety and effectiveness of Transpara™
when used in accordance with the indications for use.

9. Conclusions

The data presented in this 510(k) includes all required information to support the review
by FDA. Standalone performance tests with FFDM demonstrate that Transpara™ 1.6.0
achieves non-inferior or better detection performance compared to the predicate device.
For application with DBT, a clinical reader study and standalone tests demonstrate that
the device is safe and effective.


TransparaTM 510(k) Submission

K193229


ScreenPoint has applied a risk management process in accordance with FDA recognized
standards to identify, evaluate, and mitigate all known hazards related to Transpara 1.6.0.
These hazards may occur when accuracy of diagnosis is potentially affected, causing
either false-positives or false-negatives. All identified risks are effectively mitigated and it
can be concluded that the residual risk is outweighed by the benefits.

Considering all data in this submission, the data provided in this 510(k) supports the safe
and effective use of Transpara 1.6.0 for its indications for use and substantial equivalence
to the predicate device.


TransparaTM 510(k) Submission