MIM Software, Inc.
℅ Ms. Lynn Hanigan
Quality Assurance Director
25800 Science Park Drive, Suite 180
CLEVELAND OH 44122

Re: K193252
    Trade/Device Name: Contour ProtégéAI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QKB
    Dated: June 1, 2020
    Received: June 3, 2020

Dear Ms. Hanigan:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K193252 – Ms. Lynn Hanigan                                                          Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                              Laurel M.   DigitallyLaurel M.signedBurk -Sby
                            Burk -S       Date:12:45:322020.07.02-04'00'    For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K193252

Device Name
Contour ProtégéAI


Indications for Use (Describe)
Contour ProtégéAI is used by trained medical professionals as a tool to aid in the automated processing of digital medical
images of modalities CT and MR, as supported by ACR/NEMA DICOM 3.0. Contour ProtégéAI assists in the following
indications:

The creation of contours using machine-learning algorithms for applications including, but not limited to, quantitative
analysis, aiding adaptive therapy, transferring contours to radiation therapy treatment planning systems, and archiving
contours for patient follow-up and management.

Segmenting normal structures across a variety of CT anatomical locations.

And segmenting normal structures of the prostate, seminal vesicles, and urethra within T2-weighted MR images.

Contour ProtégéAI must be used in conjunction with MIM software to review and, if necessary, edit contours that were
automatically generated by Contour ProtégéAI.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness            K193252
              (The following information is in conformance with 21 CFR 807.92)


Submitter:

MIM Software Inc.
25800 Science Park Drive – Suite 180
Cleveland, OH 44122

Phone:                             216-455-0600
Fax:                               216-455-0601

Contact Person:                    Lynn Hanigan

Date Summary Prepared:             06/23/2020


Device Name

Trade Name:                        Contour ProtégéAI
Common Name:                      Medical Imaging Software
Regulation Number / Product Code:    21 CFR 892.2050 Product Code QKB
Classification Name:                 System, Imaging Processing, Radiological


Predicate Devices


 K190379                   MIM on Linux             MIM Software Inc.
 K181572                        Workflow Box                Mirada Medical Ltd.


Intended Use

    Contour ProtégéAI is an accessory to MIM software used for the contouring of anatomical
    structures in imaging data using machine-learning-based algorithms automatically.

    Contour ProtégéAI must be used in conjunction with MIM software to review and, if
    necessary, edit results automatically generated by Contour ProtégéAI.

    Contour ProtégéAI is not intended to detect or contour lesions automatically.

Indications for Use

            Contour ProtégéAI is used by trained medical professionals as a tool to aid in the automated
            processing of digital medical images of modalities CT and MR, as supported by ACR/NEMA
         DICOM 3.0. Contour ProtégéAI assists in the following indications:

             •  The creation of contours using machine-learning algorithms for applications including, but
                 not limited to, quantitative analysis, aiding adaptive therapy, transferring contours to
                  radiation therapy treatment planning systems, and archiving contours for patient follow-up
              and management.
             •   Segmenting normal structures across a variety of CT anatomical locations.
             •  And segmenting normal structures of the prostate, seminal vesicles, and urethra within
                T2-weighted MR images.

            Contour ProtégéAI must be used in conjunction with MIM software to review and, if
            necessary, edit contours automatically generated by Contour ProtégéAI.

        Device Description

            Contour ProtégéAI is an accessory to MIM software that automatically creates contours on
            medical images through the use of machine-learning algorithms. It is designed for use in the
            processing of medical images and operates on Windows, Mac, and Linux computer systems.
            Contour ProtégéAI is deployed on a remote server using the MIMcloud service for data
          management and transfer.

         Substantial Equivalence


                    MIM Software Inc.           MIM Software Inc.            Mirada Medical Ltd.
   ITEM               Contour ProtégéAI            MIM on Linux                Workflow Box
                            (K193252)                    (K190379)                    (K181572)


Clearance Date              TBD                       03-19-2019                    07-10-2018


                    Contour ProtégéAI is an                                       Workflow Box is a system
Intended Use                              MIM software is intended for                    accessory to MIM software                                      designed to allow users to route
                                                           trained medical professionals                  used for the contouring of                                     DICOM-compliant data to and
                                                            including, but not limited to,                     anatomical structures in                                         from automated processing
                                                              radiologists, oncologists,                    imaging data using machine-                                   components.
                                                         physicians, medical                     learning-based algorithms                                      Workflow Box includes
                                                          technologists, dosimetrists and                       automatically.                                                   processing components for
                                                             physicists.                                                                                           automatically contouring
                                                                                  imaging data using deformable

MIM Software Inc.           MIM Software Inc.            Mirada Medical Ltd.
ITEM               Contour ProtégéAI            MIM on Linux                Workflow Box
                        (K193252)                    (K190379)                    (K181572)


                Contour ProtégéAI must be     MIM is a medical image and     image registration and machine
               used in conjunction with MIM      information management          learning based algorithms.
                 software to review and, if        system that is intended to
                necessary, edit results             receive, transmit, store,          Workflow Box must be used in
                  automatically generated by         retrieve, display, print and         conjunction with appropriate
                Contour ProtégéAI.              process digital medical images,   software to review and edit
                                            as well as create, display and      results generated automatically
                Contour ProtégéAI is not            print reports from those images.  by Workflow Box components,
                 intended to detect or contour     The medical modalities of these   for example image visualization
                  lesions automatically.            medical imaging systems         software must be used to
                                                      include, but are not limited to,      facilitate the review and edit of
                                            CT, MRI, CR, DX, MG, US,       contours generated by
                                       SPECT, PET and XA as         Workflow Box component
                                                supported by ACR/NEMA          applications.
                                   DICOM 3.0.
                                                                            Workflow Box is not intended to
                                    MIM provides the user with the                                                                                       automatically detect lesions.
                                       means to display, register and
                                                  fuse medical images from
                                                       multiple modalities.

                                                         Additionally, it evaluates
                                                   cardiac left ventricular function
                                          and perfusion, including left
                                                        ventricular end-diastolic
                                               volume, end-systolic volume,
                                          and ejection fraction.

                                         The Region of Interest (ROI)
                                                     feature reduces the time
                                              necessary for the user to define
                                                    objects in medical image
                                            volumes by providing an initial
                                                           definition of object contours.
                                         The objects include, but are not
                                                         limited to, tumors and normal
                                                       tissues.

                                    MIM provides tools to quickly
                                                      create, transform, and modify
                                                 contours for applications
                                                        including, but not limited to,
                                                       quantitative analysis, aiding
                                                  adaptive therapy, transferring
                                                 contours to radiation therapy
                                                  treatment planning systems
                                          and archiving contours for

MIM Software Inc.           MIM Software Inc.            Mirada Medical Ltd.
   ITEM               Contour ProtégéAI            MIM on Linux                Workflow Box
                            (K193252)                    (K190379)                    (K181572)


                                                            patient follow-up and
                                              management.

                                       MIM aids in the assessment of
                                         PET/SPECT brain scans. It
                                                      provides automated
                                                            quantitative and statistical
                                                         analysis by automatically
                                                            registering PET/SPECT brain
                                                 scans to a standard template
                                              and comparing intensity values
                                                             to a reference database or to
                                                        other PET/SPECT scans on a
                                                       voxel by voxel basis, within
                                                            stereotactic surface projections
                                                         or standardized regions of
                                                                 interest.

                                       MIM allows the dose
                                                               distribution of an implant to be
                                                               individually shaped for each
                                                            patient and is a generalpurpose brachytherapy
                                                      planning system used for
                                                       prospective and confirmation
                                               dose calculations for patients
                                                   undergoing a course of
                                                     brachytherapy using permanent
                                                       implants of various
                                                        radioisotopes (not including
                                                          radioactive microspheres).

                                       MIM allows voxel-based dose
                                                           calculations for patients who
                                               have been administered
                                                        radioisotopes or radioactive
                                                     microspheres.


                    Contour ProtégéAI is used by    MIM software is used by trained   Workflow Box is a software
Indications for Use                       trained medical professionals     medical professionals as a tool   system designed to allow users
                   as a tool to aid in the automated   to aid in evaluation and            to route DICOM-compliant data
                     processing of digital medical       information management of        to and from automated
                   images of modalities CT and        digital medical images. The       processing components.
                MR, as supported by             medical image modalities        Supported modalities include
               ACR/NEMA DICOM 3.0.           include, but are not limited to,    CT, MR, RTSTRUCT.
                                                CT, MRI, CR, DX, MG, US,

MIM Software Inc.           MIM Software Inc.            Mirada Medical Ltd.
ITEM               Contour ProtégéAI            MIM on Linux                Workflow Box
                        (K193252)                    (K190379)                    (K181572)


                Contour ProtégéAI assists in     SPECT, PET and XA as         Workflow Box includes
                 the following indications:          supported by ACR/NEMA        processing components for
                                   DICOM 3.0. MIM assists in the    automatically contouring
                      •   The creation of           following indications:            imaging data using deformable
                         contours using                                      image registration to support
                         machine-learning         •   Receive, transmit, store,     atlas-based contouring, realgorithms for                   retrieve, display, print, and   contouring of the same patient
                           applications including,        process medical images    and machine learning based
                          but not limited to,           and DICOM objects.         contouring.
                            quantitative analysis,      •   Create, display and print
                           aiding adaptive                reports from medical        Workflow Box is a data routing
                          therapy, transferring          images.                 and image processing tool
                         contours to radiation      •    Registration, fusion         which automatically applies
                         therapy treatment              display, and review of       contours to data which is sent
                         planning systems, and        medical images for           to one or more of the included
                           archiving contours for         diagnosis, treatment        image processing workflows.
                            patient follow-up and          evaluation, and treatment    Contours generated by
                      management.                 planning.                  Workflow Box may be used as
                      •   Segmenting normal       •   Evaluation of cardiac left    an input to clinical workflows
                           structures across a             ventricular function and       including, but not limited to,
                            variety of CT                   perfusion, including left       radiation therapy treatment
                         anatomical locations.           ventricular end-diastolic      planning.
                      •   And segmenting             volume, end-systolic
                       normal structures of          volume, and ejection        Workflow Box must be used in
                          the prostate, seminal           fraction.                     conjunction with appropriate
                            vesicles, and urethra      •   Localization and definition    software to review and edit
                            within T2-weighted MR         of objects such as tumors    results generated automatically
                        images.                  and normal tissues in       by Workflow Box components,
                                                                                                    for example image visualization                                                    medical images.
                                                                                  software must be used to                Contour ProtégéAI must be        •   Creation, transformation,
                                                                                                          facilitate the review and edit of               used in conjunction with MIM         and modification of
                                                                                 contours generated by                 software to review and, if              contours for applications
                                                                            Workflow Box component                necessary, edit contours that            including, but not limited
                                                                                           applications.               were automatically generated             to, quantitative analysis,
               by Contour ProtégéAI.                  aiding adaptive therapy,
                                                                            Workflow Box is intended to be                                                             transferring contours to
                                                                       used by trained medical                                                            radiation therapy
                                                                                        professionals.                                                       treatment planning
                                                    systems, and archiving
                                                                            Workflow Box is not intended to                                                      contours for patient followautomatically detect lesions.                                              up and management.
                                                    •   Quantitative and statistical
                                                         analysis of PET/SPECT
                                                          brain scans by comparing
                                                              to other registered
                                          PET/SPECT brain scans.

MIM Software Inc.           MIM Software Inc.            Mirada Medical Ltd.
ITEM               Contour ProtégéAI            MIM on Linux                Workflow Box
                        (K193252)                    (K190379)                    (K181572)


                                                    •   Planning and evaluation of
                                                permanent implant
                                                     brachytherapy procedures
                                                            (not including radioactive
                                                       microspheres).
                                                    •   Calculating absorbed
                                                            radiation dose as a result
                                                              of administering a
                                                           radionuclide.

                                    When using device clinically,
                                                   the user should only use FDA
                                             approved
                                                   radiopharmaceuticals. If using
                                                     with unapproved ones, this
                                                 device should only be used for
                                                research purposes.

                                             Lossy compressed
                                         mammographic images and
                                                          digitized film screen images
                                           must not be reviewed for
                                                 primary image interpretations.
                                           Images that are printed to film
                                           must be printed using an FDAapproved printer for the
                                                  diagnosis of digital
                                       mammography images.

                                         Mammographic images must
                                          be viewed on a display system
                                                        that has been cleared by the
                                   FDA for the diagnosis of digital
                                       mammography images. The
                                                  software is not to be used for
                                       mammography CAD.


                                               CT, MR, CR, DX, MG, US,
Modalities             CT and MR            NM, PET, XA, and other           CT and MR
                                        DICOM modalities

MIM Software Inc.           MIM Software Inc.            Mirada Medical Ltd.
   ITEM               Contour ProtégéAI            MIM on Linux                Workflow Box
                            (K193252)                    (K190379)                    (K181572)


   Atlas-based
     Contour                 No                        Yes                        Yes
  Segmentation


   Automatically
 Contour Imaging
                             Yes                      No                        Yes
   Data Using
Machine-Learning


                     Server-based application        Microsoft® Windows,
                       supporting                                                     Server based application
                                                  Apple® OS,                        supporting
                     Linux-based OS
                                                   Linux-based OS                    Microsoft Windows 10 (64-bit)
Operating Platform
                                                                          and

                                                                                            Microsoft Windows Server
                                                                          2016


           Contour ProtégéAI is substantially equivalent to a combination of the predicate devices MIM
           on Linux (K190379) and Mirada Workflow Box (K181572).


        Testing and Performance Data


          The neural networks used in the Contour ProtégéAI device were trained on datasets from
             several large institutions. These datasets included CT images and MR images and their
            associated segmentations.

            For testing, 286 images were used to evaluate the neural network models that segmented CT
            images, while 72 images were used to evaluate for the MR segmentation network. In all
            cases, the test images were gathered from a different and disjoint set of institutions from the
              training data. Both Contour ProtégéAI and the MIM predicate device were used to
             automatically segmented the independent test sets to show substantial equivalence.

To establish the performance of Contour ProtégéAI, a non-inferiority test was performed. This
non-inferiority test compared the mean Dice coefficient of the automatically generated
contours for Contour ProtégéAI against that of the predicate device. For all neural network
models, evidence was established that the Contour ProtégéAI device was non-inferior to the
predicate by at least a non-inferiority limit of 0.1 Dice, which was as the largest difference that
is clinically acceptable based on previous studies, and thus we conclude that equivalence
has been demonstrated.