November 20, 2020

ADM Diagnostics, Inc.
℅ Robin Martin
Co-Founder, Regulatory Strategist
Kinetic Compliance Solutions, LLC
PO Box 2134
MILWAUKEE WI 53201

Re: K193287
    Trade/Device Name: CorInsights MRI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: October 15, 2020
    Received: October 19, 2020

Dear Robin Martin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K193287 - Robin Martin                                                               Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K193287
Device Name
Corlnsights MRI
Indications for Use (Describe)
The CorInsights MRI Medical Image Processing Software is intended for automatic labeling, visualization and volumetric
quantification of segmentable brain structures from MRI images. Volumetric measurements are compared to reference
percentile data. CorInsights MRI is for adults age 45 to 95.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Summary             K193287

Submission Date:         November 18, 2020

Submitter Information:

Submitted By:           Dawn Matthews, CEO
               ADM Diagnostics, Inc.
                        555 Skokie Blvd; Suite 500
                           Northbrook, IL 60062

Secondary Contact:        Robin Martin
                             Kinetic Compliance Solutions, LLC
                         Milwaukee, WI 53201

Device Information:

Trade Name:                CorInsights MRI

Common Name:            Medical Image Processing Software

Classification Name:        System, Image Processing, Radiological, Picture archiving and
                         communication system

Device Classification:      21 CFR 892.2050

Predicate Device(s):       K170981 NeuroQuant
                    LLZ

Device Description:         CorInsights MRI is a fully automated MR medical image
                            processing software intended for automatic labeling, visualization
                         and volumetric quantification of identifiable brain structures from
                  DICOM formatted magnetic resonance images. The resulting
                            output consists of a pdf report for review, which can be used in
                             research and clinical use, and a DICOM image showing the
                           anatomical structure boundaries identified by the software.

                       The proposed device provides morphometric measurements based
                        on T1 MRI series. The output of this software only device includes
                         morphometric reports that provide comparison of measured
                         volumes to age and gender-matched reference data and an image
                        volume that has been annotated with color overlays representing
                          each segmented region.

The architecture has a proprietary automated internal process that
                             includes artifact correction, atlas-based segmentation, volume
                               calculation, and report generation.

                            Quality control measures include automated quality control
                             including image header checks to verify that the scan acquisition
                             protocol and provided data adhere to system requirements, an
                         image morphometry check, a tissue contrast check, and value
                           range checks.


Indications for Use:       The CorInsights MRI Medical Image Processing Software is
                            intended for automatic labeling, visualization and volumetric
                              quantification of segmentable brain structures from MR images.
                          Volumetric measurements are compared to reference percentile
                               data. CorInsights MRI is intended for adults age 45 to 95.

Comparison to Predicate:   Functionally, both devices include the ability to automatically
                                 label, visualize and conduct volumetric quantification of
                          segmentable brain structures from MR images. Performance
                               testing outlined below demonstrated equivalent performance in
                           segmentation accuracy and reproducibility compared to published
                             predicate values.

                       The predicate device indications include lesion analysis. The
                          proposed CorInsights MRI does not. There is no significant impact
                               to safety or efficacy based on this.

                         Both systems are used by medical professionals, such as
                                radiologists, neurologists and neuroradiologists, as well as by
                                 clinical researchers, as a support tool in assessment of structural
                        MRIs.

                       The proposed device employs the same fundamental scientific
                           technology and the change in indications does not impact the
                            intended use of the device.

Performance Testing:    No mandatory performance standards have been established for
                                 this device (Section 514 of the Act).

                       The following testing was conducted / standards complied with to
                            support the substantial equivalence of the proposed device to the
                              predicate:

  Software testing was conducted to verify performance in accordance
                       with FDA’s guidance document entitled “Guidance for the Content of
                       Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.”

                     In addition, the following standard was followed for DICOM
                      Conformance: DICOM NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20 (2016)
                          Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) Set

                     Animal testing was not required to demonstrate substantial
                        equivalence for the CorInsights MRI device.

                     Performance Validation: The following performance data was
                       analyzed to support substantial equivalence:

Category                                   Performance
Accuracy
                  CorInsights MRI hippocampal volume accuracy was tested using 80 subjects
                from the HaRP database as ground truth (Boccardi, et al.).
                      CorInsights MRI measured hippocampal volume with an IntraClass
                          Correlation coefficient of 0.95 and a DICE coefficient of 83% left (standard
                          deviation 2.5%) and 83% right (standard deviation 2.7%) and a mean
                         absolute percentage difference of 6.2% left (standard deviation 4.4%) and
                    5.9% right (standard deviation 5.1%) as compared to ground truth volumes.

                  CorInsights MRI cortical segmentation accuracy was tested using 80
                   subjects from a variety of databases with manual ground truth segmentation
                  generated by neuroanatomy experts.
                      CorInsights MRI measured total gray volume with an IntraClass Correlation
                           coefficient of 0.99, a DICE coefficient of 95% (standard deviation 1.6%),
                      and a mean absolute percentage difference of 4.5% (standard deviation,
                        1.8%).
                      CorInsights MRI measured cortical subregions with DICE coefficients
                        ranging from 81-93% and a mean absolute percentage difference range of
                    4.6% to 13.8% across all regions.

                  CorInsights MRI Intracranial Volume (ICV) and ventricular accuracy were tested
                  using an additional 70 subjects from a variety of databases with manual ground
                    truth segmentation generated by neuroanatomy experts.
                      CorInsights MRI measured ICV with an IntraClass Correlation coefficient
                          of 0.89, a DICE coefficient of 95% (standard deviation 1.1%) and a mean
                         absolute percentage difference of 5.2% (standard deviation of 4.4%).
                      CorInsights MRI measured ventricular accuracy with an IntraClass
                          Correlation coefficient of 0.98 (left and right), a DICE coefficient of 88%
                                left (standard deviation 5.2%) and 87% right (standard deviation 5.6%) and
                        a mean absolute percentage difference of 13.9% left (standard deviation

Category                                   Performance
                      9.2%) and 15.2% right (standard deviation 9.9%) compared to ground truth
                       volumes.

Reproducibility
                  In test-retest processing of two different scans from the same subject on
                   the same scanner on the same day, CorInsights MRI measured volumes
                 with an average IntraClass Correlation coefficient of 0.97, a DICE
                    coefficient of 89% (standard deviation 4.0%) and a mean absolute
                  percentage difference range of 0.7% to 5.8% with an average of 2.3%
                  (standard deviation 2.7%) across all volumes listed in its report.


Normative      The CorInsights MRI reference database was developed using T1 weighted MRI
Reference        scans from 269 male and 331 female individuals of age 42 to 95 who were
Database          clinically diagnosed to be cognitively normal.
Development
                  In addition, these individuals were confirmed to be negative for amyloid pathology,
                and negative for a variety of other potential confounding abnormalities including
                   overt vascular disease as evidenced by white matter lesions, stroke or tumor,
                normal pressure hydrocephalus, and with no history of traumatic brain injury or
                  severe neuropsychiatric illness as documented with the data set or provided in the
                  data set’s inclusion criteria. This screening was performed to ensure that the
                  CorInsights MRI reference represented normal values without potential influence
               by disease, even when asymptomatic.

Validation of     Testing of CorInsights MRI included scans acquired from scanners with 1.5T and
Volume        3T field strengths, using accelerated and non-accelerated acquisition sequences,
Measurement    and representing a variety of scanner models from Siemens, GE, and Philips.
in Clinically
Relevant Cases   Validation testing was conducted using patient scans from ages 45 to 95, with a
                 broad spectrum of clinical diagnoses including cognitively normal, Mild Cognitive
                 Impairment, typical and atypical Alzheimer’s disease, and non-Alzheimer’s
                  dementias. Alzheimer’s disease (AD) cases (confirmed for amyloid positivity)
                  included late onset AD, Early Onset AD, Posterior Cortical Atrophy (PCA),
                Logopenic Progressive Aphasia, and Corticobasal Syndrome. Non-Alzheimer’s
                  cases included behavioral variant (bv) Frontotemporal Dementia (FTD), semantic
                   variant (sv) FTD, Nonfluent Primary Progressive Aphasia, Primary Progressive
                Aphasia (other), amyloid negative Corticobasal Syndrome, vascular disease,
                moderate to severe white matter disease, and ventricular enlargement. Mild
                 Cognitive Impairment (MCI) cases included early MCI, late MCI, and persons who
                 converted to a clinical diagnosis of dementia at 12 months post-scan.

Category                                   Performance
               Volumes measured by CorInsights MRI were tested using normal subject scans, as
                  well as data sets expected to have below normal gray tissue volumes or above
                normal ventricle volumes based upon well-established literature. These data sets
                  included individuals with diagnoses of MCI, MCI who converted to a clinical
                  diagnosis of AD at 12 months post-scan, late onset AD, Early Onset AD, bvFTD,
               svFTD, and PCA. CorInsights MRI values were compared to the percentile and zscore ranges expected based upon peer reviewed published literature for these data
                      sets, and were confirmed to be in these ranges. Relationships between regions
                 based on z-score ranking were also compared to published data and were in
                 agreement with the literature. In all cases, the cognitively normal test group was
                 confirmed not to differ from the normative reference group or reference values.

                  In total, more than 1,400 scans from over 1,100 individuals were used in testing of
                  CorInsights MRI.


Clinical:            A clinical investigation was not required to demonstrate substantial
                            equivalence to the predicate device.

Conclusion:             The above testing supports that the proposed device is as safe,
                               effective and performs as well as the legally marketed predicate in
                                      its intended use. Therefore, the proposed device is substantially
                             equivalent to the predicate.