June 19, 2020

Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
℅ John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.
Regulatory Counsel
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street, NW
WASHINGTON DC 20004

Re: K193298
    Trade/Device Name: BriefCase
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: June 1, 2020
    Received: June 1, 2020

Dear Dr. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K193298 - John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.                                                     Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                        Food and Drug Administration                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                      See PRA Statement below
510(k) Number (if known)
K193298

Device Name

BriefCase
Indications for Use (Describe)

BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the
analysis of abdominal CT images. The device is intended to assist hospital networks and trained
radiologists in workflow triage by flagging and communication of suspected positive findings of
Intra-abdominal free gas (IFG) pathologies.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with
detected findings on a standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care
image interpretation. The user is presented with notifications for cases with suspected findings.
Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only
and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original
medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and
based on their professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified
clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care. .


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
       ☒ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   ☐ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR
              801 Subpart C)
                 CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

            This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
   *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per
         response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather
        and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information.
        Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information
           collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of
                                          Health and Human
                                           Services Food and
                                      Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork
                                         Reduction Act
                                      (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs
                                           .gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


                                                                                     032

510(k) Summary
                     Aidoc Medical, Ltd.’s BriefCase (K193298)

Submitter:

       Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
      3 Aminadav St.
        Tel-Aviv, Israel
      Phone:             +972-73-7946870

       Contact Person:      N. Epstein, Ph.D.

      Date Prepared:      June 1, 2020

Name of Device:            BriefCase

Classification Name:         Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
                            device

Regulatory Class:          Class II

Product Code:          QAS (21 C.F.R. 892.2080)

Predicate Device:           BriefCase (K180647, for ICH triage)

Device Description

BriefCase is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device. The
software system  is based on an algorithm programmed component and  is comprised of a
standard off-the-shelf operating system, the Microsoft Windows server 2012 64bit, and additional
applications, which include PostgreSQL, DICOM module and the BriefCase Image Processing
Application. The device consists of the following three modules: (1) Aidoc Hospital Server (AHS)
for image acquisition; (2) Aidoc Cloud Server (ACS) for image processing; and (3) Aidoc Worklist
Application for workflow integration, installed on the radiologist’ desktop and provides the user
interface in which notifications from the BriefCase software are received.

DICOM images are received, saved, filtered and de-identified before processing.  Series are
processed chronologically by running an algorithm on each series to detect suspected findings
and then notifications on flagged series are sent to the Worklist desktop application, thereby
prompting preemptive triage and prioritization. The user may opt to  filter out notifications by
pathology, e.g. a chest radiologist may choose to  filter out notifications on Large Vessel
Occlusion (LVO) cases, and a neuro-radiologist would opt to divert Pulmonary Embolism (PE)
notifications. In addition, where several medical centers are linked to a shared PACS, a user may
read cases for a certain center but not for another, and thus may opt to filter out notification by
center. Activating the filter does not impact the order in which notifications are presented in the
Aidoc worklist application.

The Worklist Application displays the pop-up text notifications of new studies with suspected
findings when they come in.  Notifications are in the form of a small pop-up containing patient
name, accession number and the relevant pathology (e.g., IFG). A list of all incoming cases with
suspected findings is also displayed. Hovering over a notification or a case in the worklist pops
up a compressed, small black and white, unmarked image that is captioned “not for diagnostic
use” and is displayed as a preview function. This compressed preview is meant for informational


                                                                                     024

purposes only, does not contain any marking of the findings, and is not intended for primary
diagnosis beyond notification.

Presenting the radiologist with notification facilitates earlier triage by prompting the user to
assess the relevant original images in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention
earlier than would have been the case in the standard of care practice alone.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the
analysis of abdominal CT images. The device is intended to assist hospital networks and trained
radiologists in workflow triage by flagging and communication of suspected findings of Intraabdominal Free Gas (IFG) pathologies.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with
detected findings on a standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care
image interpretation. The user is presented with notifications for cases with suspected findings.
Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only
and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original
medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and
based on  their professional judgment, to assist with  triage/prioritization of medical images.
Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics
The subject BriefCase for IFG triage and predicate device BriefCase for ICH triage (K180647)
are identical in all aspects and defer only with respect to the training of the algorithm on IFG and
ICH images, respectively.

Both devices are radiological computer-aided triage and notification software programs.  Both
devices are artificial intelligence algorithms incorporated software packages for use with CT
scanners, PACS, and radiology workstations. Both devices are intended to aid in triage and
prioritization of radiological images. The predicate device processes head CTs and is indicated
for intracranial hemorrhage triage, while the subject device also processes abdominal images
and is indicated for Intra-abdominal Free Gas (IFG) triage. Both devices are intended to provide
radiologists with notifications and unannotated preview images of suspect studies for the purpose
of preemptive triage.

In addition, both software devices notify the attending radiologist of the availability of time
sensitive radiological images for review based on computer aided image analysis. Both devices
send notifications and low-quality compressed previews to the radiology workstations’ desktop.
Notifications are informational purpose only and are meant to prompt the radiologist to start
preemptive triage of a flagged case, upon which he may decide after observing the unannotated,
low quality preview on his desktop, to turn to the local PACS to perform evaluation of the original
series earlier than would have been the case without BriefCase.

Thus, the subject and predicate BriefCase raise the same types of safety and effectiveness
questions, namely, accurate detection of findings within the processed study. It is important to
note that, like the predicate, the subject device does not remove cases from the standard of care
reading queue and does not modify them. Both devices operate in parallel with the standard of
care, which remains the default option for all cases.


                                                                                     025

A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.

                              Table 1. Key feature comparison
                         Predicate Device                     Subject Device
                 Aidoc Briefcase for ICH triage        Aidoc Briefcase for IFG triage
                           (K180647)
Intended Use /   BriefCase is a radiological computer     BriefCase is a radiological computer
Indications for    aided triage and notification software    aided triage and notification software
Use              indicated for use in the analysis of       indicated for use in the analysis of
               non-enhanced head CT images.        abdominal CT images. The device is
              The device is intended to               intended to assist hospital networks and
                   assist hospital networks and trained     trained radiologists in workflow triage
                   radiologists in workflow triage          by flagging and communication of
               by flagging and communication of       suspected positive findings of Intrasuspected positive findings of          abdominal Free Gas (IFG) pathologies.
                 pathologies in head CT images,
               namely Intracranial Hemorrhage        BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence
                  (ICH).                                  algorithm to analyze images and
                                                               highlight cases with detected findings
                 BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence  on a standalone desktop application in
                  algorithm to analyze images and         parallel to the ongoing standard of care
                   highlight cases with detected ICH on a  image interpretation. The user is
                 standalone desktop application in       presented with notifications for cases
                    parallel to the ongoing standard of       with suspected findings. Notifications
                 care image interpretation. The user is   include compressed preview images
                presented with notifications for cases    that are meant for informational
                  with suspected ICH findings.           purposes only and not intended for
                   Notifications include compressed        diagnostic use beyond notification. The
                preview images that are                device does not alter the original
              meant for informational purposes only   medical image and is not intended to be
              and not intended for diagnostic use     used as a diagnostic device.
               eyond notification. The device does
                 not alter the original medical image     The results of BriefCase are intended to
              and is not intended to be used as a     be used in conjunction with other
                  diagnostic device.                        patient information and based on their
                                                           professional judgment, to assist with
              The results of BriefCase are intended    triage/prioritization of medical images.
                   to be used in conjunction with other      Notified clinicians are responsible for
                   patient information and based on        viewing full images per the standard of
                  professional judgment, to assist with     care.
                     triage/prioritization of medical images.
                   Notified clinicians are responsible for
                 viewing full images per the standard of
                  care.
User population  Radiologist                             Radiologist
Anatomical     Head                          Abdomen
region of
interest
Data            Non-contrast head CT scan           Abdominal CT scan
acquisition
protocol


                                                                                         026

View DICOM   DICOM Information about the patient,  DICOM Information about the patient,
data             study and current image                study and current image
Segmentation    No; device does not mark, annotate,    No; device does not mark, annotate, or
of region of       or direct users’ attention to a specific     direct users’ attention to a specific
interest           location in the original image             location in the original image

Algorithm           Artificial intelligence algorithm with         Artificial intelligence algorithm with
                database of images                  database of images
Notification/Prio  Yes                             Yes
ritization
Preview images  Presentation of a small, compressed,    Presentation of a small, compressed,
                 black and white preview image that is    black and white preview image that is
                  labeled “Not for diagnostic use”;         labeled “Not for diagnostic use”;
              The device operates in parallel with    The device operates in parallel with the
                 the standard of care, which remains     standard of care, which remains the
                 the default option for all cases.           default option for all cases.
Alteration of    No                          No
original image
Removal of     No                          No
cases from
worklist queue

    Performance Data
     Pivotal Study Summary

    Aidoc conducted a retrospective, blinded, multicenter, multinational study with the BriefCase
    software  with the primary endpoint  to evaluate the software’s performance  in  identifying
    abdominal CTs containing Intra-abdominal Free Gas in 184 cases from 3 clinical study sites (2
   US and 1 OUS). There were 67 positive cases and 117 negative cases (images with IFG versus
     without IFG) included in the analysis.

     Sensitivity and specificity exceeded the 80% performance goal.  Specifically, sensitivity was
    91.0% (95% CI: 81.5%, 96.7%) and specificity was 88.9% (95% CI: 81.7%, 94.0%).

     In addition, a supplemental dataset was provided with additional cases from various scanner
    manufacturers and demonstrated consistent performance for the device across scanners.

    Secondary Endpoint

     Briefcase’s potential clinical benefit of worklist prioritization for true positive IFG cases was
    evaluated by comparing the standard-of-care metric of time-to-exam-open to the software’s timeto-notification metric for IFG, in the study sites where the time-to-exam-open information was
     available.

       -  The BriefCase time-to-notification includes the time to get the DICOM exam, de-identify it,
        upload it to the cloud, analyze and send a notification on a positive suspect case back to the
          worklist application.
       -  The standard of care time-to-open-exam consists of the time from scan acquisition to when
         the radiologist first opened the exam for review.

    The standard of care metric was compared to the BriefCase time-to-notification in two of the
    study sites (both in the US) for 22 True Positive cases (i.e., identified as positive both by the
    reviewers as well as the BriefCase device), and the results are reported in the Table 2 below.


                                                                                         027

The BriefCase time-to-notification for IFG was 4.4 minutes (95% CI: 3.7-5.0; Median: 4.2, IQR:
2.5). In contrast, standard of care time-to-exam-open was much longer 94.1 minutes (95% CI:
49.9-138.2; Median: 50.1, IQR: 79.9). The mean difference of 89.7 minutes (95% CI: 45.5-133.9;
Median: 47.4, IQR: 76.7) for these two metrics  is statistically significant and assuming the
radiologist receives a notification on a true positive IFG case and acts on it immediately, it can on
average save more than one hour compared to the time-to-exam-open in a first in first out (FIFO)
reading queue. The value of 89.7 is based on the study of 22 cases from 2 study sites and may
vary in practice.

                               Table 2. Time saving data
                N              Lower      Upper                       Mean          Parameter                 Confidence  Confidence  Median   IQR                             estimate                                                Limit          Limit
            Time-toexam-open in                     22    94.1       49.9        138.2      50.1     79.9
          the standard
              of care
            Time-tonotification of  22     4.4         3.7          5.0        4.2      2.5
         BriefCase IFG
           Difference   22    89.7       45.5        133.9      47.4     76.7

NPV and PPV are presented in Table 3 by a range of prevalence. NLR and PLR are also
reported in Table 4.

                     Table 3. NPV and PPV with Varying Prevalence
    Assumed                                      95%     95%                       Parameter         n     Estimate     Prevalence                                         Lower CL  Upper CL

        0.03      Negative Predictive Value   110     99.7%     99.5%     99.9%

                     Positive Predictive Value    74     20.2%      7.7%     26.3%

        0.05      Negative Predictive Value   110     99.5%     99.1%     99.9%

                     Positive Predictive Value    74     30.1%     15.0%     38.4%

        0.07      Negative Predictive Value   110     99.2%     98.7%     99.8%

                     Positive Predictive Value    74     38.1%     22.1%     47.7%

        0.09      Negative Predictive Value   110     99.0%     98.4%     99.8%

                     Positive Predictive Value    74     44.8%     28.7%     55.0%


                                                                                     028

Table 4. NLR and PLR
               Parameter  n  Estimate 95% Lower CL 95% Upper CL

              NLR    184    0.1          0.0             0.2

               PLR    184    8.2          4.9            13.8

Thus, the reported time savings data demonstrates that radiologists may have the opportunity to
be involved in the clinical workflow substantially earlier thanks to the notifications from the
BriefCase device. Performance validation data suggest that when using the subject BriefCase for
IFG triage, the radiologists may have the same benefit in time saving as with using the BriefCase
for ICH triage.

Conclusions

The subject BriefCase for IFG triage and the predicate BriefCase for ICH triage devices are both
intended to aid in prioritization and triage of radiological images for the indications of Intraabdominal Free Gas and Intracranial Hemorrhage, respectively.  Both devices are software
packages with similar technological characteristics and principles of operation, incorporating
deep learning AI algorithms  that process images, and software  to send  notifications and
unannotated compressed preview images to the radiologists’ workstation. In both devices, the
labeling states that the devices are not for diagnostic use and instructs the user to further
evaluate and diagnose based only on the original images in the local PACS.

Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not
change the original image, do not provide any marking on the output preview, and do not remove
images from the standard of care FIFO queue, thus not disturbing standard interpretation of the
images by the attending radiologists. Both devices notify the radiologist of time-sensitive critical
findings within the range of several minutes, and thus contribute similarly to the standard of care
workflow turnaround time reduction through preemptive triage.

The BriefCase device for IFG triage is thus substantially equivalent to the BriefCase for ICH
triage.


                                                                                     029