GE Medical Systems SCS                                      March 20, 2020
℅ Lifeng Wang
Regulatory Affairs Manager
283 rue de la Miniere
78530 Buc
FRANCE

Re: K193281
    Trade/Device Name: Hepatic VCAR
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed tomography x-ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK, LLZ
    Dated: February 19, 2020
    Received: February 20, 2020

Dear Lifeng Wang:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K193281 - Lifeng Wang                                                                Page 2


803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
 K193281
Device Name

Hepatic VCAR


Indications for Use (Describe)


Hepatic VCAR is a CT image analysis software package that allows the analysis and visualization of Liver CT data
derived from DICOM 3.0 compliant CT scans. Hepatic VCAR is designed for the purpose of assessing liver morphology,
including liver lesion, provided the lesion has different CT appearance from surrounding liver tissue; and its change over
time through automated tools for liver, liver lobe, liver segments and liver lesion segmentation and measurement. It is
intended for use by clinicians to process, review, archive, print and distribute liver CT studies.

This software will assist the user by providing initial 3D segmentation, vessel analysis, visualization, and quantitative
analysis of liver anatomy. The user has the ability to adjust the contour and confirm the final segmentation.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF
                                                                          4-2

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission - Hepatic VCAR


                                   510(k) Summary                     K193281

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:


               Date:  Nov 26, 2019
          Submitter: GE Medical Systems SCS (Establishment Registration Number – 9611343)
                   283 rue de la Miniere
                   78530 Buc, France
                      Lifeng Wang    Primary Contact
             Person:  Regulatory Affairs Manager
              GE Healthcare
                     Phone: +86 10 57083145
                      Email: lifeng.wang@ge.com

                       Elizabeth Mathew  Secondary Contact
             Person:  Senior Regulatory Affairs Manager
              GE Healthcare
                     Phone: (262) 424-7774
                      Email: Elizabeth.Mathew@ge.com

    Proposed Device ➢  Device Name: Hepatic VCAR
            ➢  Regulation number/ Product Code: 21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography
                           x-ray system / JAK
            ➢  Secondary Regulation number/ Product Code: 21 CFR 892.2050 Picture
                           archiving and communications system/ LLZ
             ➢  Classification: Class II
            ➢  Device Name: Hepatic VCAR
            ➢  510(k) number: K133649
    Predicate Device: ➢  Regulation number/ Product Code: 21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography
                           x-ray system / JAK
            ➢  Secondary Regulation number/ Product Code: 21 CFR 892.2050 Picture
                           archiving and communications system/ LLZ
            ➢  Classification: Class II
                      Hepatic VCAR is a CT image analysis software package that allows the analysis  Device Description
                    and visualization of Liver CT data derived from DICOM 3.0 compliant CT scans.
                      Hepatic VCAR was designed for the purpose of assessing liver morphology,
                       including liver lesion, provided the lesion has different CT appearance from
                      surrounding liver tissue; and its change over time through automated tools for
                            liver, liver lobe, liver segments and liver lesion segmentation and measurement.

                      Hepatic VCAR is a post processing software medical device built on the Volume
                    Viewer (K041521) platform, and can be deployed on the Advantage Workstation


                                                                    - 1 -

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission - Hepatic VCAR


                (AW) (K110834) and AW Server (K081985) platforms, CT Scanners, and PACS
                         stations or cloud in the future.

                      This software will assist the user by providing initial 3D segmentation, vessel
                         analysis, visualization, and quantitative analysis of liver anatomy. The user has
                       the ability to adjust the contour and confirm the final segmentation.

                       In the proposed device, two new algorithms utilizing deep learning technology
                    were introduced. One such algorithm segments the liver producing a liver contour
                        editable by the user; another algorithm segments the hepatic artery based on an
                             initial user input point. The hepatic artery segmentation is also editable by the
                         user.


       Intended Use/  Hepatic VCAR is a CT image analysis software package that allows the analysis
   Indication for Use:  and visualization of Liver CT data derived from DICOM 3.0 compliant CT scans.
                      Hepatic VCAR is designed for the purpose of assessing liver morphology,
                       including liver lesion, provided the lesion has different CT appearance from
                      surrounding liver tissue; and its change over time through automated tools for
                            liver, liver lobe, liver segments and liver lesion segmentation and measurement. It
                             is intended for use by clinicians to process, review, archive, print and distribute
                          liver CT studies.
                      This software will assist the user by providing initial 3D segmentation, vessel
                         analysis, visualization, and quantitative analysis of liver anatomy. The user has
                       the ability to adjust the contour and confirm the final segmentation.


        Technology:                  The modified Hepatic VCAR employs two deep learning convolutional neural
                     networks to segment the liver contour and the hepatic artery on CT liver exams
                      while the predicate device uses a traditional deterministic method to segment the
                          liver and manual tools to segment the vascular structure including the hepatic
                          artery. These changes do not change the Indications for Use from the predicate,
                    and represent equivalent technological characteristics, with no impact on control
                    mechanism, and operating principle.
                  The table below summarizes the feature/technological comparison between the
                        predicate device and the proposed device:


                         Specification     Predicate Device:         Proposed Device:
                                      Hepatic VCAR (K133649)  Hepatic VCAR

                       Liver              Atlas algorithm based       Deep Learning algorithm
                       segmentation      segmentation               based segmentation

                       Hepatic artery     Manual segmentation tools   Semi-automatic segmentation
                       segmentation       (“autoselect” and scalpel)    workflow based on deep
                                                                          learning segmentation of the
                                                                          hepatic artery and edition


                                                                    - 2 -

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission - Hepatic VCAR


                                                                              tools to correct/refine the
                                                                                      result.

    Determination of  Verification and validation including risk mitigations have been executed with
          Substantial   results demonstrating Hepatic VCAR met the design inputs and user needs with
        Equivalence:  no unexpected results or risks.
                      Hepatic VCAR was designed and will be manufactured under the Quality System
                      Regulations of 21CFR 820 and ISO 13485. The following quality assurance
                     measures have been applied to the development of the device:

                            •      Risk Analysis
                            •      Requirements Reviews
                            •      Design Reviews
                            •      Performance testing (Verification, Validation)
                            •       Safety testing (Verification)

                   Bench tests that compare the output of the two new algorithms with ground truth
                      annotated by qualified experts show that the algorithms performed as expected.

             A representative set of clinical sample images was assessed by 3 board certified
                         radiologists using 5-point Likert scale. The assessment demonstrated that
                        capability of liver segmentation and hepatic artery segmentation utilizing the deep
                       learning algorithm by Hepatic VCAR.

                  The substantial equivalence was also based on software documentation for a
                     "Moderate" level of concern device.

         Conclusion: GE Healthcare considers proposed device Hepatic VCAR to be as safe, as
                          effective, and performance is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                                    - 3 -