RADLogics, Inc.                                                       April 8, 2020
℅ John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LPP
555 13th Street NW
WASHINGTON DC 20004

Re: K193300
    Trade/Device Name: AIMI-Triage CXR PTX
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QFM
    Dated: March 9, 2020
    Received: March 9, 2020

Dear Dr. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K193300 - John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.                                                      Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                       Food and Drug Administration                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                 Indications for Use                      See PRA Statement below

510(k) Number (if known)

K193300
Device Name

AIMI-Triage CXR PTX
Indications for Use (Describe)

The AIMI-Triage CXR PTX Application is a notification-only triage workflow tool for use by hospital networks and
clinics to identify and help prioritize chest X-rays acquired in the acute setting for review by hospital radiologists. The
device operates in parallel to and independent of standard of care image interpretation workflow. Specifically, the
device uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images for features suggestive of moderate to large sized
pneumothorax;  it makes case-level output available to a PACS/workstation for worklist prioritization or triage.
Identification of suspected cases of moderate to large sized pneumothorax  is not for diagnostic use beyond
notification.

The AIMI-Triage CXR PTX Application is limited to analysis of imaging data as a guide to possible urgency of adult
chest X-ray image review, and should not be used in lieu of full patient evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm
diagnoses. Notified radiologists are responsible for engaging in appropriate patient evaluation as per local hospital
procedure before making care-related decisions or requests. The device does not replace review and diagnosis of
the X-rays by radiologists. The device is not intended to be used with plain film X-rays.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
          X  Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)      ☐Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including
          the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and
         complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
          other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human
                                           Services Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                    information unless it displays a currently valid OMB num


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                             Page 1 of 1                                           PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) SUMMARY
                                   K193300
                      RADLogics Inc.’s AIMI-Triage CXR PTX

Submitter

RADLogics Inc.
24 Westland Ave. #28
Boston, MA 02115

Phone: (408) 905-8054

Contact Person: Moshe Becker

Date Prepared:  April 2, 2020

Name of Device: AIMI-Triage CXR PTX

Common or Usual Name: CADt software

Classification Name: Radiological computer-aided triage and notification software

Regulatory Class: II

Product Code: QFM

Predicate Device: Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.’s HealthPNX (K190362)

Device Description

The AIMI-Triage CXR PTX provides a chest X-ray prioritization service for use by radiologists to
identify features suggestive of moderate to large sized pneumothorax. The  artificial intelligence
algorithm, trained via pattern recognition, processes each chest X-ray and flags those that appear to
contain a moderate to large sized pneumothorax for urgent radiologist review.  X-rays without an
identified anomaly are placed in the worklist for routine review, which is the current standard of care.
The user  interface  is  minimal,  consisting  of  the  radiologist’s  existing  picture  archiving and
communication system (PACS) viewer and worklist in which positively identified images are flagged
by the software to notify of the suspected anomaly. Images are not marked or otherwise altered, and
no diagnoses are provided.

The device does not have any direct accessories. However, it interacts with hospital communication
and database systems in order to read and analyze cases in the worklist of the hospital’s PACS
system in order to identify suspected abnormal findings and transmit corresponding notifications to
reflect its recommended prioritization of patient examinations for radiologist review. The software
output is compatible with any PACS viewer and worklist.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

The AIMI-Triage CXR PTX Application is a notification-only triage workflow tool for use by hospital
networks and clinics to identify and help prioritize chest X-rays acquired in the acute setting for

review by hospital radiologists. The device operates in parallel to and independent of standard of
care image interpretation workflow. Specifically, the device uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to
analyze images for features suggestive of moderate to large sized pneumothorax;  it makes caselevel output available to a PACS/workstation for worklist prioritization or triage. Identification of
suspected cases of moderate to large sized pneumothorax  is not  for diagnostic use beyond
notification.


The AIMI-Triage CXR PTX Application is limited to analysis of imaging data as a guide to possible
urgency of adult chest X-ray image review, and should not be used in lieu of full patient evaluation or
relied upon to make or confirm diagnoses. Notified radiologists are responsible for engaging in
appropriate patient evaluation as per local hospital procedure before making care-related decisions
or requests. The device does not replace review and diagnosis of the X-rays by radiologists. The
device is not intended to be used with plain film X-rays.

Summary of Technological Characteristics

AIMI-Triage CXR PTX  is technologically  similar to the predicate device. Both are based on
algorithms which have been trained to analyze images suggestive of pre-defined lung abnormalities
and  notify an  appropriate  clinician  of these  findings  in  parallel  to standard  of care image
interpretation. The algorithms function similarly and with the same purpose of signaling potential
pneumothorax without providing diagnosis or altering the original datasets. There are no notable
technological differences between the subject and predicate devices. A table comparing the key
features of the subject and predicate devices is provided in the substantial equivalence table below.

Performance Data

The AIMI-Triage CXR PTX was evaluated and verified in a blinded, retrospective and multi-center
study for detecting pneumothorax in chest X-rays. A total of 300 frontal chest X-rays (PA/AP) were
collected from US and OUS patients representative of the intended population. 168 (56%) were male
with mean age 51.6 years and SD=18.6 (range 18-91), and 132 (44%) were female with mean age
51.8 and SD=16.2 (range 23-86).

The AIMI-Triage CXR PTX output was compared to the ground truth established by 3 independent
US-board certified radiologists (Truthers). Each Truther involved in the ground truthing process was
blinded to any other Truther’s results, to any existing report, and to the results obtained by the AIMITriage CXR PTX software. Overall, the device was able to demonstrate an area under the curve
(AUC) of 96.7% (95% CI: [95.0%, 98.4%]), which is substantially equivalent to the predicate device,
and meets the required performance goal.  The sensitivity and specificity of the device was 92%
(95% CI: [86%, 96%]) and 90% (95% CI: [84%, 95%]), respectively.

In addition, the average time  it takes the AIMI-Triage CXR PTX to analyze the study and send
notification to the PACS worklist was measured to be 20.3 seconds, a timing performance that is
substantially equivalent to the predicate (22.1 seconds).  Lastly, device performance was evaluated
by dataset/region and scanner spatial resolution as summarized in the tables below.

Device Performance by Dataset and Region

           Category    N    Sensitivity      Specificity      AUROC
                               97.6%         90.8%             0.987
           NIH (US)     147
                                     (93.2,99.2)      (84.5,94.7)        (0.973,0.999)
        PADCHEST           85.3%         89.7%             0.949
                        153
            (OUS)               (79.0,90.8)      (83.6,93.9)        (0.918,0.979)

                   Device Performance by Scanner Spatial Resolution

         Spatial Resolution
                     N    Sensitivity      Specificity      AUROC
           Category
           High range
                                 89.5%         85.1%             0.976
                          133
             <0.145                  (83.0,94.1)      (77.7,90.6)        (0.944,0.999)
        (above 3.45 lp/mm)
           Mid range
                                 92.6%         93.4%             0.983
                          88
            0.145-0.170               (84.3,96.7)      (85.7,97.4)        (0.961,0.999)
          (2.95-3.45 lp/mm)
          Low range
                                 93.1%         91.4%             0.946
                          64
             >0.170                  (84.8,98.3)      (80.7,96.5)        (0.911,0.980)
        (below 2.95 lp/mm)

Thus, the device also performs comparably to the predicate in terms of time savings. The AIMITriage CXR PTX has a safety and effectiveness profile that is similar to the predicate device.

Conclusions

The AIMI-Triage CXR PTX has the same intended use and very similar indications, technological
characteristics, and principles of operation as  its predicate device.  The minor differences  in
indications do not alter the device’s intended use and do not affect its safety and effectiveness when
used as labeled.   In addition, the minor technological differences between the device and  its
predicate raise no new issues of safety or effectiveness. Performance data further demonstrate that
the AIMI-Triage CXR PTX is as safe and effective as the HealthPNX (K190362). Thus, the subject
device is substantially equivalent to the identified predicate.

                               Substantial Equivalence Table
                              AIMI-Triage CXR PTX                 HealthPNX (K190362)
 Intended Use   The AIMI-Triage CXR PTX Application is a         The Zebra Pneumothorax
  / Indications     notification-only triage workflow tool for use by        device is a software workflow
 for Use          hospital networks and clinics to identify and help       tool designed to aid the clinical
                      prioritize chest X-rays acquired in the acute setting   assessment of adult Chest Xfor review by hospital radiologists. The device      Ray cases with features
                 operates in parallel to and independent of standard    suggestive of Pneumothorax in
                    of care image interpretation workflow. Specifically,    the medical care environment.
                  the device uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to   HealthPNX analyzes cases
                 analyze images for features suggestive of moderate   using an artificial intelligence
                    to large sized pneumothorax; it makes case-level      algorithm to identify suspected

AIMI-Triage CXR PTX                 HealthPNX (K190362)
                 output available to a PACS/workstation for worklist     findings. It makes case-level
                     prioritization or triage. Identification of suspected      output available to a
               cases of moderate to large sized pneumothorax is    PACS/workstation for worklist
                 not for diagnostic use beyond notification.               prioritization or triage.
                                                           HealthPNX is not intended to
              The AIMI-Triage CXR PTX Application is limited to     direct attention to specific
                  analysis of imaging data as a guide to possible        portions or anomalies of an
                urgency of adult chest X-ray image review, and       image. Its results are not
                should not be used in lieu of full patient evaluation    intended to be used on a
                  or relied upon to make or confirm diagnoses.         stand-alone basis for clinical
                   Notified radiologists are responsible for engaging in   decision-making nor is it
                 appropriate patient evaluation as per local hospital    intended to rule out
                procedure before making care-related decisions or   Pneumothorax or otherwise
                 requests. The device does not replace review and     preclude clinical assessment of
                 diagnosis of the X-rays by radiologists. The device   X-Ray cases.
                      is not intended to be used with plain film X-rays.
Classification                    21 C.F.R. § 892,2080, Product Code QFM
User                                                  Radiologist
Anatomical                                     Lung
Region
Clinical                                     Pneumothorax
Condition
Modality                                       Chest X-ray
Segmentation   No; device does not mark, highlight, or direct users’ attention to a specific location in
of region of                                      the original image
interest
Alteration of                                No
original
image
Relation to                 Independent/parallel; no cases are removed from worklist queue
standard of
care workflow
Algorithm                             Artificial intelligence algorithm with database of images
Notification /                                   Yes
Prioritization
Alert to                             Passive notification – flagged for review
Finding
Where                             PACS / Workstation
Results are
Received