Butterfly Network, Inc.                                                   June 11, 2020
℅ Mr. Brian Sawin
Sr. Regulatory Affairs Manager
530 Old Whitfield Street
GUILFORD CT 06437

Re: K200980
    Trade/Device Name: Auto 3D Bladder Volume Tool
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1560
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic pulsed echo imaging system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: IYO, ITX
    Dated: April 8, 2020
    Received: April 14, 2020

Dear Mr. Sawin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K200980 – Mr. Brian Sawin                                                             Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K200980

Device Name
Auto 3D Bladder Volume Tool


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Butterfly Auto 3D Bladder Volume Tool is a software application package. It is designed to view, quantify and report
results acquired on Butterfly Network ultrasound systems for noninvasive volume measurements of the bladder, to
support physician diagnosis. Indicated for use in adult populations.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary or Statement                                   K200980


510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

Submitter Information

Submitter Name and Address
    Butterfly Network, Inc.
   530 Old Whitfield St.
    Guilford, CT 06437 USA
     (tel.) 855-296-6188
    (fax) 203-458-2514
   www.butterflynetwork.com

Contact Person
   Brian Sawin
    Sr. Regulatory Affairs Manager
   855-296-6188
   bsawin@butterflynetwork.com

Date Prepared
  June 8, 2020

Subject Device - Proprietary/Trade Name
   Auto 3D Bladder Volume Tool

Subject Device - Common Name
   Diagnostic Ultrasound System with accessories

Classification Name

 Classification Name                       Regulation Number  Product Code

 Ultrasonic Pulsed Echo Imaging System      21 CFR 892.1560     IYO

 Diagnostic Ultrasound Transducer           21 CFR 892.1570     ITX


Classification
   Class II


Butterfly Network, Inc.
                                                  1

Predicate Device:

   K172356 – BladderScan Prime PLUS System, Verathon, Inc. (Clearance Date:
   09/15/2017)

Device Summary:
The Butterfly Auto 3D Bladder Volume Tool is a software application used on Butterfly iQ
Ultrasound Systems to provide a non-invasive measurement of bladder volume. The
system calculates the bladder volume using proprietary artificial intelligence automatic
segmentation and volume measurement algorithms on Butterfly Network ultrasound
systems.

The Auto 3D Bladder Volume Tool allows the clinician to calculate bladder volume when
using the Bladder preset in B-mode. The tool is used to acquire 25, 2D images of the
bladder. Once acquired, a volume estimate is calculated and presented back to the
clinician. The clinician can then exit, restart the tool or save the acquisition to the study roll.
The information presented is intended as additional input to standard diagnostic pathways
and is only to be used by qualified clinicians.

The Auto 3D Bladder Volume Tool is based on the image segmentation method, U-Net1,
and the volume calculation is computed using the process of integration over binary
images.
1. Ronneberger, Olaf, Fischer, Philipp, and Brox, Thomas. "U-net: Convolutional networks for biomedical
image segmentation." International Conference on Medical image computing and computer-assisted
intervention. Springer, Cham, 2015.

Indications for Use:
The Butterfly Auto 3D Bladder Volume Tool is a software application package. It is
designed to view, quantify and report results acquired on Butterfly Network ultrasound
systems for noninvasive volume measurements of the bladder, to support physician
diagnosis. Indicated for use in adult populations.

Summary of Technological Characteristics
The Butterfly Auto 3D Bladder Volume Tool has a substantially equivalent intended use and
technological characteristics as the legally marketed predicate device. Quantification and
reporting of results of bladder volume is the technological principle for both the subject and
predicate devices and are used to aid in diagnosis. The subject and predicate devices are
based on the following same technological elements:

    • Quantification of bladder volume based on the analysis of on image segmentation
       data
    • Identifying and outlining the bladder
    • Auto-contouring of the bladder
    • Reporting of bladder volume


Butterfly Network, Inc.
                                                  2

The following technological differences exist between the subject and predicate devices:

   •  The Butterfly Auto 3D Bladder Volume Tool uses the machine learning-based
       algorithm, U-Net.
       o The predicate has the same intended use and provides machine learningbased algorithms for its bladder volume calculations via patented neural
            network technology.

A comparison of the proposed Butterfly Auto 3D Bladder Volume Tool to the currently
marketed predicate device are provided in the table below:

 Comparison Category      Butterfly Auto 3D         Predicate Verathon
                          Bladder Volume Tool     BladderScan Prime PLUS
                                            System
                                                  (K172356)                            (This submission)
 Comparison Overview
                       The Butterfly Auto 3D Intended Use/Indications                          The BladderScan Prime
                           Bladder Volume Tool is a For Use                                        System is an ultrasound
                            software application                                                       device intended to be used for
                          package. It is designed to                                                   measuring the urine volume in
                             view, quantify and report    the bladder non- invasively.
                                results acquired on Butterfly
                          Network ultrasound
                          systems for noninvasive
                         volume measurements of
                             the bladder, to support
                             physician diagnosis.
                              Indicated for use in adult
                              populations.


 Contraindications         The Auto 3D Bladder      The BladderScan Prime
                        Volume Tool is not        System is not intended for fetal
                            intended for fetal or        use or for use on pregnant
                                pediatric use or for use on   patients, patients with ascites,
                            pregnant patients, patients  or patients with open skin or
                               with ascites, or patients    wounds in the suprapubic
                               with open skin or wounds    region.
                                   in the suprapubic region.


 Patient/User Characteristics

 Target Population          Male and Female          Male, Female, and Pediatric


 Anatomical Site               Identical to predicate       Bladder

Butterfly Network, Inc.
                                                  3

Users                         Identical to predicate       Physicians/Medical
                                                         Professionals
 Technological Characteristics and Performance

 Technology                   Identical to predicate       Neural network technology


 Sterility                        Identical to predicate        Non-sterile
 Power Source                Identical to predicate        Battery powered
 Energy Delivered             Identical to predicate       Ultrasound

 Measurement Accuracy     0-100mL = ±7.5mL        0-100mL = ±7.5mL
                          100-740 mL = ±7.5%       100-999 mL = ±7.5%
 Measurement Range       0 to 740 mL             0 to 999 mL
 Modes of Operation       B-mode                B-mode

 Transducer Type             Electronic Sector Scanning  Mechanical Sector Probe
                          (Phased Array)
 Sector Angle             100 degrees             120 degrees
 Number of Scan Planes     25                     12
 Design and Usability Features
 Portable                       Identical to predicate      Yes
 Display                        Identical to predicate     LCD
 Scan Button                  Identical to predicate      Yes
 Touchscreen Operation      Identical to predicate      Yes

 Selectable Unit Orientation  No                    Yes
 (Patient Right/Left)
 Live Scan Image              Identical to predicate      Yes
 Calibration                    Identical to predicate      No calibration recommended

Performance Data
Software Verification and Validation Testing
Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and was provided as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The software for this
device is considered a “moderate” level of concern, since a failure or latent design flaw
could indirectly result in minor injury to the patient or operator through incorrect or delayed
information or through the action of a care provider.


Butterfly Network, Inc.
                                                  4

Performance Testing
Butterfly Network’s Auto 3D Bladder Volume Tool software was developed and tested in
accordance with company design control processes and safety and performance testing.
Verification and validation testing established that the device meets its design
requirements, intended use and demonstrates substantial equivalence to the predicate.
A non-interventional validation study was conducted, where bladder volume was
calculated. The patient dataset was constructed to provide a representative range of
volume values, in a patient population with a balanced gender proportion and clinically
typical age. Variability testing was also performed to demonstrate that the Auto 3D
Bladder Volume Tool performs acceptably with a variety of image clips and frames from
the same patient. Test datasets were strictly segregated from algorithm training
datasets. The primary endpoint was met. Inter and intra-operator variability was
assessed between operators processing the same images. Based on the clinical
performance as documented in this study, the device has a safety and effectiveness
profile that is equivalent to the predicate.

Summary of Substantial Equivalence:
The Auto 3D Bladder Volume Tool is as safe and effective as the predicate has the same
intended uses and similar indications, technological characteristics, and principles of
operation as its predicate device. In addition, the minor technological differences raise no
new issues of safety or effectiveness. Performance data, including software verification and
validation and performance testing demonstrate that the Butterfly Auto 3D Bladder Volume
Tool is safe and effective and therefore, substantially equivalent.


Butterfly Network, Inc.
                                                  5