AVICENNA.AI                                                         June 24, 2020
℅ John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street, NW
WASHINGTON DC 20004

Re: K200855
    Trade/Device Name: CINA
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: March 31, 2020
    Received: March 31, 2020

Dear Dr. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K200855 - John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.                                                      Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                       Food and Drug Administration                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                 Indications for Use                      See PRA Statement below

510(k) Number (if known)

K200855

Device Name

CINA
Indications for Use (Describe)

CINA is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the analysis of (1) nonenhanced head CT images and (2) CT angiographies of the head. The device is intended to assist hospital networks
and trained radiologists in workflow triage by flagging and communicating suspected positive findings of (1) head CT
images for Intracranial Hemorrhage (ICH) and (2) CT angiographies of the head for large vessel occlusion (LVO).

CINA uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected (1) ICH or (2) LVO
on a standalone Web application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is
presented with notifications for cases with suspected ICH or LVO findings.  Notifications include compressed
preview images that are meant for informational purposes only, and are not intended for diagnostic use beyond
notification. The device does not alter the original medical image, and it is not intended to be used as a diagnostic
device.

The results of CINA are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on professional
judgment to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians are ultimately responsible for
reviewing full images per the standard of care.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

          X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       ☐Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including
          the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and
         complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
          other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human
                                           Services Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                             Page 1 of 1                                           PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF


                                                                              054

K200855


                                     510(k) SUMMARY
                               AVICENNA.AI’s CINA

      I.  Submitter

        Applicant:
            AVICENNA.AI
            93 avenue des Sorbiers, Zone Athelia IV
            13600 La Ciotat France

       Contact Person:
                 Cyril Di Grandi
         CEO of Avicenna.AI
             Phone: +33 6 60 06 80 92
               E-mail: cyril.di-grandi@avicenna.ai

      Date prepared: March 31, 2020


      II.  Device Identification

        Name of Device:        CINA
            Classification Name:      Radiological Computer-Assisted Triage And
                                         Notification Software
           Regulation No:          21 CFR § 892.2080
          Product Code:        QAS
           Regulatory Class:        Class II
            Classification Panel:      Radiology devices


      III. Predicate Device

The CINA device is substantially equivalent to the following FDA cleared predicate device with
regard to indications for use, performance, and technological characteristics:

            510(k):               K180647
          Trade Name:             BriefCase
           Manufacturer:           AiDoc Medical, Ltd
            Classification Name:      Radiological Computer-Assisted Triage And
                                         Notification Software
           Regulation No:          21 CFR § 892.2080
          Product Code:        QAS
           Regulatory Class:        Class II


                                                                         056

A reference device is Viz.ai’s ContaCT (DEN170073), which is a Class II device under the same
regulation and product code as above.

    IV. Device Description

CINA is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device.

The software system  is based on algorithm-programmed components and  is comprised of a
standard off-the-shelf operating system and additional image processing applications.

DICOM images are received, recorded and filtered before processing. The series are processed
chronologically by running algorithms on each series to detect suspicious results of an intracranial
hemorrhage (ICH) or a large vessel occlusion (LVO), then notifications on the flagged series are
sent to the Worklist Application.

The Worklist Application (on premise) displays the pop-up  notifications  of new studies with
suspected findings when they come in, and provides both active and passive notifications.  Active
notifications are in the form of a small pop-up containing patient name, accession number and the
type of suspected findings (ICH or LVO). All the non-enhanced head CT images and head CT
angiographies studies received by CINA device are displayed in the worklist and those on which the
algorithms have detected a suspected finding (ICH or LVO) are marked with an icon (i.e., passive
notification). In addition, a compressed, small black and white image that  is marked “not for
diagnostic use”  is displayed as a preview  function. This compressed preview  is meant  for
informational purposes only, does not contain any marking of the findings, and is not intended for
primary diagnosis beyond notification. Presenting the radiologist with notification facilitates earlier
triage by allowing one to prioritize images in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention
earlier than would have been the case in the standard of care practice alone.

    V. Intended Use / Indications for Use

CINA  is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the
analysis of (1) non-enhanced head CT images and (2) CT angiographies of the head. The device is
intended to assist hospital networks and trained radiologists in workflow triage by flagging and
communicating suspected positive findings of (1) head CT images for Intracranial Hemorrhage (ICH)
and (2) CT angiographies of the head for large vessel occlusion (LVO).

CINA uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected (1)
ICH or (2) LVO on a standalone Web application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image
interpretation. The user is presented with notifications for cases with suspected ICH or LVO findings.
Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only,
and are not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original
medical image, and it is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of CINA are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based
on professional judgment to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians are
ultimately responsible for reviewing full images per the standard of care.


                                                                         057

VI. Summary of Technological Characteristics

CINA runs on a standard “off the shelf” server/workstation and is made of the following software
components:
    •  CINA Image Processing Applications including two applications: ICH and LVO;
    •  CINA Platform server that includes the Worklist client application in which notifications from
       the CINA Image Processing applications (ICH and LVO) are received.

Each of these components is briefly described below.

        VI.1. CINA Platform

The CINA platform is the technical platform for integrating and deploying CINA image processing
applications. It provides the necessary requirements for interoperability with existing systems in the
hospital radiology department such as CT modalities or other DICOM nodes (DICOM router or
PACS  for example).  It  is responsible  for transferring, storing, converting formats, notifying of
suspected findings and display medical device data such as radiological data.

        VI.2. ICH Application

The ICH application includes the software algorithm responsible for identifying and quantifying image
characteristics that are consistent with an ICH. This application reads provided DICOM files, checks
the DICOM properties  to  verify the  compatibility with the recommended  acquisition  protocol,
launches the algorithm and provides notification results (when an ICH is detected) compatible with
the CINA Platform and with DICOM format.

        VI.3. LVO Application

The LVO application includes the software algorithm responsible for identifying and quantifying
image characteristics that are consistent with an LVO. This application reads provided DICOM files,
checks the DICOM properties to verify the compatibility with recommended acquisition protocol,
launches the algorithm part and provides notification results (when a LVO is detected) compatible
with the CINA Platform and with DICOM format.

     VII. Summary of Performance Data

The  following  performance  data  were  provided  in  support  of  the  substantial  equivalence
determination.

         VII.1. Software Verification and Validation Testing


                                                                         058

The CINA device has been evaluated and verified in accordance with software specifications and
applicable performance standards through Software Development and Validation & Verification
Process  to ensure performance according  to  specifications, User Requirements and Federal
Regulations and Guidance documents, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for
Software Contained in Medical Devices”.

         VII.2. Performance Testing

Avicenna.AI conducted a retrospective, blinded, multicenter, multinational study with the CINA
software with the primary endpoint to evaluate the software’s performance in 1) non-contrast CT
(NCCT) head images pertaining to patient with suspected intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) findings
and 2) CT angiography (CTA) head series pertaining to patient with suspected large vessel
occlusion (LVO) findings, in 814 and 476 clinical anonymized cases, respectively.  The device’s
sensitivity and specificity were analyzed, in addition to time-to-notification.

The data was provided from 3 clinical sources (2 US and 1 OUS). There were 255 (31.3%) positive
ICH (images with ICH) and 188 (39.5%) positive LVO (images with LVO) cases included in the
analysis.

Device sensitivities and specificities were compared to ground truth established by concurrence of
three US-board-certified neuroradiologist readers.

Sensitivity and specificity for the “ICH” prioritization and triage application were observed to be
91.4% (95% CI: 87.2% – 94.5%) and 97.5% (95% CI: 95.8% – 98.6%), respectively. These findings
achieved the 80% performance goal and are similar to the results reported for the predicate device
BriefCase (Aidoc Medical): Sensitivity and specificity of 93.6% (95% CI: 86.6% - 97.6%) and 92.3%
(95% CI: 85.4% - 96.6%), respectively. ROC curve showed an AUC of 0.94.

Regarding the “LVO” prioritization and triage application, Sensitivity and specificity of 97.9% (95%
CI: 94.6% – 99.4%) and 97.6% (95% CI: 95.1% – 99%), respectively were observed. These results
achieved the 80% performance goal and are similar to the ones reported by the reference device
ContaCT (Viz.AI): Sensitivity was 87.8% (95% CI: 81.2% – 92.5%) and specificity was 89.6% (95%
CI: 83.7% – 93.9%). ROC curve showed an AUC of 0.98.

The results of the standalone assessment study demonstrated an overall agreement (accuracy) of
95.6% and 97.7% for the “ICH” and ”LVO” tested cases, respectively, when compared to the ground
truth (operators’ visual assessments).

Positive predictive value (PPV) and negative predictive value (NPV) with varying prevalence, for
both applications, are presented in Table 1 below:


                                                                         059

Table 1: PPV and NVP values for ICH and LVO image processing applications

                 CINA - ICH triage application       CINA - LVO triage application

  Prevalence      PPV (%)       NPV (%)        PPV (%)       NPV (%)

    10%              80.2              99.0              81.7              99.8

    15%              86.6              98.5              87.7              99.6

    20%              90.1              97.8              91.0              99.5

    25%              92.4              97.1              93.1              99.3

    30%              94.0              96.3              94.5              99.1

    35%              95.2              95.5              95.6              98.8

    40%              96.1              94.4              96.4              98.6

    45%              96.8              93.2              97.1              98.2

    50%              97.3              91.9              97.6              97.9


Additionally, both “ICH” and “LVO” prioritization and triage effectiveness were evaluated by the
standalone per-case processing time of the device (time-to-notification), the results are presented in
Table 2 below:

        Table 2: Time-to-notification for ICH and LVO image processing applications

Time-to-Notification   MEAN ± SD      MEDIAN         MIN        MAX

                        (seconds)        (seconds)       (seconds)       (seconds)

    CINA - ICH           21.6 ± 4.4            20.4             14.4             53.3

    CINA - LVO          34.7 ± 10.7           33.4             14.3             63.3


The standalone effectiveness assessment demonstrated a substantial equivalence of the CINA -
ICH triage application when compared to the predicate device (BriefCase). Specifically, the CINA’s
“ICH” triage mean “time-to-notification” was estimated to be 21.6 seconds. This is similar to the one
reported by the predicate BriefCase device (mean: 4.46 minutes).


                                                                         060

Regarding CINA - “LVO” triage application, the mean “time-to-notification” was estimated to be 34.7
seconds. This demonstrated a substantial equivalence of the CINA  - LVO  triage application
effectiveness when compared to the reference ContaCT device (mean: 7.32 minutes).

The performance testing of the CINA device establishes that the subject device is as safe and
effective as the predicate and reference devices. This established that the CINA device meets its
intended use statement and is substantially equivalent to the predicate and reference devices.

     VIII.   Substantial Equivalence

The subject CINA for ICH and LVO prioritization and triage, the predicate device BriefCase device
for ICH triage and the reference Viz.AI for LVO triage are all intended to aid in prioritization and
triage of radiological images for ICH and/or LVO. The labeling of the subject and the predicate
devices clearly states that the devices are not for diagnostic use. All devices are software packages
with similar technological characteristics and principles of operation, and incorporate deep learning
AI algorithms that process images, and software to send notifications and to display unannotated
preview images. In all three devices, the labeling instructs the user to further evaluate and diagnose
based only on the original images in the local PACS.

All three devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not
change the original image, do not provide any marking on the output preview, and do not remove
images from the standard of care FIFO queue, thus not disturbing standard interpretation of the
images by the attending  radiologists. The  subject, predicate and reference devices achieve
performance of the time-to-notification metric in similar ranges of time, and thus contribute similarly
to effective triage and early involvement of the radiologist in evaluating suspected images of ICH
and/or LVO.

The standalone performance and effectiveness assessment studies demonstrated that the CINA
device performs as intended is therefore substantially equivalent to the BriefCase predicate and
Viz.AI reference devices.


                                                                         061

Table 3 compares the key features of the subject and the predicate and reference devices.

Table 3: Comparison of key features between CINA and predicate device (Aidoc BriefCase) and reference device (Viz.AI ContaCT)

                   Subject device: CINA Software     Predicate device: Aidoc BriefCase   Reference device: Viz.AI ContaCT
                                                   Software (K180647)                 software (DEN170073)

Intended Use /      CINA is a radiological computer       BriefCase is a radiological computer   ContaCT is a notification-only,
Indications for Use   aided triage and notification          aided triage and notification software    parallel workflow tool for use by
                     software indicated for use in the       indicated for use in the analysis of      hospital networks and trained
                      analysis of (1) non-enhanced head    non-enhanced head CT images.        clinicians to identify and
               CT images and (2) CT                                              communicate images of specific
                    angiographies of the head.         The device is intended to assist         patients to a specialist, independent
                                                               hospital networks and trained           of standard of care workflow.
                 The device is intended to assist        radiologists in workflow triage by
                       hospital networks and trained          flagging and communication of       ContaCT uses an artificial intelligence
                       radiologists in workflow triage by      suspected positive findings of          algorithm to analyze images for
                       flagging and communicating          pathologies in head CT images,        findings suggestive of a pre-specified
                    suspected positive findings of (1)     namely Intracranial Hemorrhage         clinical condition and to notify an
                  head CT images for Intracranial       (ICH).                                 appropriate medical specialist of
                  Hemorrhage (ICH) and (2) CT                                            these findings in parallel to standard
                    angiographies of the head for large    BriefCase uses an artificial              of care image interpretation.
                     vessel occlusion (LVO).                intelligence algorithm to analyze         Identification of suspected findings is
                                                  images and highlight cases with        not for diagnostic use beyond
                 CINA uses an artificial intelligence    detected ICH on a standalone            notification. Specifically, the device
                      algorithm to analyze images and      desktop application in parallel to the    analyzes CT angiogram images of
                        highlight cases with detected (1)      ongoing standard of care image        the brain acquired in the acute setting
                 ICH or (2) LVO on a standalone        interpretation. The user is presented   and sends notifications to a
              Web application in parallel to the      with notifications for cases with        neurovascular specialist that a
                   ongoing standard of care image      suspected ICH findings.              suspected large vessel occlusion has
                        interpretation. The user is presented                                  been identified and recommends
                      with notifications for cases with        Notifications include compressed      review of those images. Images can


                                                                                                    062

Subject device: CINA Software     Predicate device: Aidoc BriefCase   Reference device: Viz.AI ContaCT
                                                   Software (K180647)                 software (DEN170073)

                    suspected ICH or LVO findings.       preview images that are meant for     be previewed through a mobile
                                                              informational purposes only and not    application.
                        Notifications include compressed      intended for diagnostic use beyond
                    preview images that are meant for      notification. The device does not alter  Images that are previewed through
                      informational purposes only, and are  the original medical image and is not   the mobile application are
                     not intended for diagnostic use        intended to be used as a diagnostic    compressed and are for informational
                  beyond notification. The device does  device.                            purposes only and not intended for
                     not alter the original medical image,                                           diagnostic use beyond notification.
                  and it is not intended to be used as   The results of BriefCase are intended   Notified clinicians are responsible for
                  a diagnostic device.                    to be used in conjunction with other    viewing non-compressed images on
                                                               patient information and based on      a diagnostic viewer and engaging in
                 The results of CINA are intended to    professional judgment, to assist with    appropriate patient evaluation and
                  be used in conjunction with other       triage/prioritization of medical           relevant discussion with a treating
                       patient information and based on     images. Notified clinicians are          physician before making care-related
                      professional judgment to assist with   responsible for viewing full images     decisions or requests. ContaCT is
                         triage/prioritization of medical         per the standard of care.                 limited to analysis of imaging data
                    images. Notified clinicians are                                       and should not be used in-lieu of full
                       ultimately responsible for reviewing                                             patient evaluation or relied upon to
                               full images per the standard of care.                               make or confirm diagnosis.


User population      Radiologist                           Radiologist                              Clinician (e.g., neurovascular
                                                                                                               specialist)

Anatomical region   Head                         Head                          Head
of interest

Data acquisition     Non contrast CT scan of the head or  Non contrast CT scan of the head or  CT angiogram images of the brain
protocol            neck and CT angiogram images of    neck


                                                                                                    063

Subject device: CINA Software     Predicate device: Aidoc BriefCase   Reference device: Viz.AI ContaCT
                                                   Software (K180647)                 software (DEN170073)

                     the brain

View DICOM data   DICOM information about the      DICOM information about the patient,  DICOM information about the patient,
                        patient, study and current image      study and current image               study and current image

Segmentation of     No; device does not mark, highlight,   No; device does not mark, highlight,    No; device does not mark, highlight,
region of interest     or direct users’ attention to a specific  or direct users’ attention to a specific   or direct users’ attention to a specific
                       location in the original image           location in the original image            location in the original image

Algorithm                Artificial intelligence algorithm with      Artificial intelligence algorithm with       Artificial intelligence algorithm
                   database of images                 database of images

Notification /        Yes                           Yes                            Yes
Prioritization

Preview images      Presentation of a preview of the       Presentation of a preview of the study  Presentation of a small, compressed,
                     study for initial assessment not         for initial assessment not meant for     black and white preview image that is
                  meant for diagnostic purposes.        diagnostic purposes.                   labeled “Not for diagnostic use”.

                 The device operates in parallel with   The device operates in parallel with
                     the standard of care, which remains   the standard of care, which remains
                     the default option for all cases.        the default option for all cases.

Alteration of original  No                         No                          No
image

Removal of cases   No                         No                          No
from worklist queue

Structure                 - LVO and ICH image processing        - AHS module (image acquisition),        - Image Forwarding Software


                                                                                                    064

Subject device: CINA Software     Predicate device: Aidoc BriefCase   Reference device: Viz.AI ContaCT
                                 Software (K180647)                 software (DEN170073)

applications                                    - ACS module (image processing),       - Image Processing and Analysis
                                                                       Software
- CINA Platform (worklist and Image    - Aidoc Worklist application for
Viewer)                            workflow integration (worklist and         - Non-diagnostic DICOM viewing
                               Image Viewer).                      mobile application


                                                                                    065