VIDA Diagnostics Inc.                                           August 7, 2020
℅ Alex Morris
Director, Quality and Regulatory
2500 Crosspark Road, W250 BioVentures Center
CORALVILLE IA 52241

Re: K200990
    Trade/Device Name: VIDA|vision
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed tomography x-ray system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: May 19, 2020
    Received: May 20, 2020

Dear Alex Morris:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K200990 - Alex Morris                                                                 Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K200990
Device Name
VIDA\vision
Indications for Use (Describe)
The VIDA|vision software provides reproducible CT values for pulmonary tissue, which is essential for providing
quantitative support for diagnosis and follow up examinations. VIDA|vision can be used to support the physician in the
diagnosis and documentation of pulmonary tissue images (e.g., abnormalities) from CT thoracic datasets. Three-D
segmentation and isolation of sub-compartments, volumetric analysis, density evaluations, low density cluster analysis
and reporting tools are combined with a dedicated workflow. The VIDA|vision software package is also intended to be a
real-time interactive evaluation in space and time for CT volume data sets that provides the reconstruction of two
dimensional images into a three-dimensional image format.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

VIDA Diagnostics, Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VIDA|vision

                  Section 5 – 510(k) Summary

                       K200990


 Submitter:         VIDA Diagnostics, Inc.
                   500 Crosspark Rd.
                W250 BioVentures Center
                           Coralville, IA 52241 USA

 Date Prepared:        July 25, 2020

 Contact Person:      Alex Morris, Director, Quality and Regulatory
                   VIDA Diagnostics, Inc.
                   2500 Crosspark Rd.
                W250 BioVentures Center
                           Coralville, IA 52241 USA
                          Cell Phone: (647) 470.4363
                        Office Phone: (855) 900.8432
                       Email: amorris@vidalung.ai

 Submission Date:   May 19, 2020

 Trade Name:        VIDA|vision

 Regulation         Computed tomography x-ray system
 Description:

 Common Name:     Medical Imaging Software for Computed Tomography Devices


 Regulation:         21 CFR 892.1750


 Product Code:       JAK


 Regulatory Class:     Class II


 Predicate Device:    Pulmonary Workstation 2 (PW2) by VIDA Diagnostics Inc.

                       Regulation: 21 CFR 892.1750

                     Product Code: JAK

                      Regulatory Class: Class II

                      Regulation Description: Computed tomography x-ray system

                     Submission Number: K083227


                                                www.vidalung.ai

VIDA Diagnostics, Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VIDA|vision


Description of Device:
VIDA|vision  is a  self-contained image  analysis software package. This real-time  interactive
evaluation in space and time of CT volume datasets provides the reconstruction of two-dimensional
images into a three-dimensional image format.


VIDA|vision can be used to support the physician in the diagnosis, treatment planning, and
documentation of chest diseases, including lung cancer, asthma, COPD, interstitial lung disease and
other lung abnormalities  e.g. when examining the pulmonary and thoracic tissue  (i.e. lung
parenchyma) in CT thoracic datasets.


Evaluation (3D segmentation &  isolation of sub-compartments, volumetric  analysis, density
evaluations, and low density cluster analysis), editing, and reporting tools are combined with a
dedicated workflow.


VIDA|vision is designed to analyze pulmonary CT slice data and display analysis results. Each voxel
of the scan is measured by Hounsfield units (HU), a measurement of x-ray attenuation that is
applied to each volume element in three dimensional space (“voxel”). The HU are utilized to
distinguish between air, water, tissue and bone, such distinction is common in the industry.


VIDA|vision provides computed tomography (CT) viewing, airway analysis, and parenchymal
density analysis in one application. VIDA|vision provides imaging of bronchial airways that can be
used to assess therapy effectiveness and treatment plan based on CT scan data. VIDA|vision
reconstructs multiple cross-section images from CT data into a computer model displaying complex
bronchial branches.


VIDA|vision  provides  quantitative  measurements  and  tabulates  quantitative  properties.
VIDA|vision focuses on what  is visible to the eye and applies volumetric methods that might
otherwise be too tedious to use. The software does not perform any function which cannot be
accomplished by a trained user utilizing manual tracing methods; the intent of the software is to
save time and automate potential error prone manual tasks.


VIDA|vision has functions for loading, analyzing, and saving datasets, and will generate screen
displays, computations and aggregate statistics. VIDA|vision data output may be exported in pdf
format or to a csv file.

Indications for Use Statement:


                                                www.vidalung.ai

VIDA Diagnostics, Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VIDA|vision


The VIDA|vision software provides reproducible CT values for pulmonary tissue, which is essential
for providing quantitative support for diagnosis and follow up examinations. VIDA|vision can be
used to support the physician in the diagnosis and documentation of pulmonary tissue images (e.g.,
abnormalities) from CT thoracic datasets. Three-D segmentation and isolation of
sub-compartments, volumetric analysis, density evaluations, low density cluster analysis and
reporting tools are combined with a dedicated workflow. The VIDA|vision software package is also
intended to be a real-time interactive evaluation in space and time for CT volume data sets that
provides the reconstruction of two dimensional images into a three-dimensional image format.


Comparison to Predicate:
The focus of this submission is to introduce deep learning-based segmentation algorithms to the
proposed software to automatically segment lung regions.


Table 1 - Comparison of Characteristics

                   510(k) Submitter              Predicate                    Differences
 Manufacturer
                VIDA Diagnostics, Inc.        VIDA Diagnostics, Inc.

 Trade Name      VIDA|vision (formerly VIDA   VIDA Pulmonary
                 Pulmonary Workstation 2     Workstation 2 (PW2)
                 (PW2))

 510(k) Number   K200990                  K083227

 Product Code     JAK                        JAK                        n/a

 Regulation       21 CFR 892.1750            21 CFR 892.1750            n/a
 Number

 Regulation       System, X-Ray, Tomography,  System, X-Ray,              n/a
 Name          Computed                 Tomography, Computed


 Intended        The VIDA|vision software     The VIDA Pulmonary         n/a
 Use/Indications   provides reproducible CT     Workstation 2 (PW2)
 for Use                                       software provides                   values for pulmonary tissue,
                                                reproducible CT values for
                 which is essential for
                                          pulmonary tissue, which is
                   providing quantitative                                                    essential for providing
                  support for diagnosis and      quantitative support for
                   follow up examinations.       diagnosis and follow up
                   VIDA|vision can be used to    examinations. The PW2 can


                                                www.vidalung.ai

VIDA Diagnostics, Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VIDA|vision


                  support the physician in the   be used to support the
                   diagnosis and                 physician in the diagnosis
                                         and documentation of                 documentation of
                                          pulmonary tissue images
                 pulmonary tissue images
                                                              (e.g., abnormalities) from
                        (e.g., abnormalities) from CT                                         CT thoracic datasets.
                    thoracic datasets. Three-D    Three-D segmentation and
                 segmentation and isolation    isolation of
                    of sub-compartments,        sub-compartments,
                                                volumetric analysis, density                   volumetric analysis, density
                                                   evaluations, low density
                    evaluations, low density
                                                     cluster analysis and
                     cluster analysis and
                                                 reporting tools are
                   reporting tools are                                         combined with a dedicated
                combined with a dedicated    workflow. The VIDA
                  workflow. The VIDA|vision    Pulmonary Workstation 2
                  software package is also      (PW2) software package is
                                                   also intended to be a                  intended to be a real-time
                                                  real-time interactive
                     interactive evaluation in
                                                 evaluation in space and
                  space and time for CT                                             time for CT volume data
                volume data sets that          sets that provides the
                   provides the reconstruction   reconstruction of two
                    of two dimensional images    dimensional images into a
                                               three-dimensional image                    into a three-dimensional
                                                format.
                image format.

 Image Source    CT                       CT                         n/a
 Modalities

 DICOM          Yes                         Yes                        n/a
 Conformance

 Comparative     2D, 3D                      2D, 3D                     n/a
 Review

 3D Lung          yes                         yes                        n/a
 mapping

 3D             Volume                  Volume                    n/a
 measurements    Effective Diameter             Effective Diameter

 2D                Line and ROI tools with        Line and ROI tools with       n/a


                                                www.vidalung.ai

VIDA Diagnostics, Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VIDA|vision


 measurements     statistics                          statistics
                 Diameter 2D                Diameter 2D
                 Area                       Area

 Density         Minimum, maximum and     Minimum, maximum and     n/a
 measurements   average HU                 average HU

 Deployment      Standalone computer/        Standalone computer         Subject device
                    distributed                                                    offers
                                                                                  distributed
                                                                               configuration in
                                                                               addition to
                                                                             standalone,
                                                                                 unlike the
                                                                              predicate device

 OS            Windows                     Linux                         transitioned
                                                                   from Linux to
                                                                  Windows.

 User Interface    yes - w/ limited              yes                           limited
                   modifications                                              modifications to
                                                                     improve the
                                                                           user experience
                                                                 and
                                                               accommodate
                                                         new
                                                                                    functionality
                                                                 and a newer
                                                                            operating
                                                                           system.

 Algorithm        Each voxel of the scan is      Each voxel of the scan  is  Unlike the
                measured by Hounsfield      measured  by  Hounsfield  predicate
                                                                                 device, the                    units (HU), a measurement    units (HU), a measurement
                                                                               subject device
                    of x-ray attenuation that is    of x-ray attenuation that is
                                                                            provides deep
                   applied to each volume       applied  to  each  volume                                                                                learning-derived
                 element in three            element       in      three  segmentation.
                  dimensional space (“voxel”).   dimensional space (“voxel”).
                The HU are utilized to        The HU  are  utilized  to
                    distinguish between air,       distinguish  between   air,
                   water, tissue and bone, such  water,  tissue  and  bone,


                                                www.vidalung.ai

VIDA Diagnostics, Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VIDA|vision


                     distinction is common in the   such distinction is common
                    industry.                        in the industry.


              A non-adaptive deep
                   learning-based algorithm is
                   applied to the CT imaging
                  data to automatically
                segment lung regions.

 Workflow       Automated contouring       Automated contouring       Subject device
                Automated measurements   Automated measurements    offers
                                                                                    functionality to                Manual Correction          Manual Correction
                                                                         support distinct
                                                                           user workflows,
                     Distinct user workflows:                                                                                 unlike predicate.
                 Airway Mapping and Lung
                Volume Analysis

 Graphic User     Yes                         Yes                        n/a
 Interface

 Interactive 3D    Yes                         Yes                        n/a
 Visualization

 Input/Output     Users can browse, select,     Users can browse, select,     Unlike the
                and load CT scan files. Users  and load CT scan files. Users  predicate
                                                                                 device, the                 can save and load analyses,   can save and load analyses,
                                                                               subject device
                  export via reporting tools.     export via reporting tools.
                                                                           supports DICOM
                CT scan files can be         CT scan files can be                                                                              query/retrieve
                  organized by user-defined     organized by user-defined    data
                     projects, and tracked by       projects, and tracked by      importation.
                   usage. User can generate a    usage. User can generate a
                   report that displays           report that displays
                    quantitative data items that   quantitative data items that
                 can be saved. DICOM info     can be saved. DICOM info
                    displayed. Data import        displayed.
                 through DICOM query/
                    retrieve available.

 Path Planning     yes - airways and lung tissue   yes - airways only             Like the


                                                www.vidalung.ai

VIDA Diagnostics, Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VIDA|vision


                                                                                 predicate, the
                                                                               subject device
                                                                            provides path
                                                                            planning to
                                                                          airway
                                                                        segments.
                                                                             Unlike the
                                                                                 predicate, the
                                                                               subject device
                                                                                includes path
                                                                            planning to a
                                                                             region of
                                                                                    interest in the
                                                                            lung tissue.

 User editing      yes                         yes                        n/a

 Reports          yes - csv and pdf format       yes - csv only                 Unlike the
                   configurable for specific use                                 predicate, the
                   cases                                                       subject device
                                                                                    offers
                                                                                   pre-existing
                                                                             metrics and
                                                                                      visualizations
                                                                     packaged for
                                                                                        specific use
                                                                            cases

 Scan quality       ●  Scan protocol is        ●  Scan protocol is       n/a
 assessment             assessed for                 assessed for PW2
                           compatibility with             compatibility
                         software             ●  incompatibility
                ●  incompatibility issues          issues flagged during
                          flagged during               import and on
                        import and on report         report
                ●  Scanner calibration      ●  Scanner calibration
                        assessment                 assessment
                ●  Warning issued for      ●  Warning issued for
                          out-of-range                  out-of-range
                           air/blood                     air/blood
                      measurements             measurements


                                                www.vidalung.ai

VIDA Diagnostics, Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VIDA|vision


Clinical Testing:
No human clinical testing was required to support a substantial equivalence finding.


Non-clinical testing:
The device labeling contains instructions for use and any necessary precautions and warnings to
support the safe and effective use of the device. Known hazards were identified and mitigated in
accordance with the ISO 14971 standard. Verification and validation activities were performed in
accordance with FDA QSR and the IEC 62304 standard. Testing consisted of unit, regression,
performance, and integrated system testing. Lung and lobe segmentation performance was tested
against the predicate performance to demonstrate substantial equivalence. Results of testing
demonstrate that the device has met all product specifications and user needs when used within its
intended use.

Consensus Standards:
  ●  ISO 14971:2007 Medical devices -- Application of risk management to medical devices.
  ●  IEC 62304:2006Amd2015 Medical device software -- Software lifecycle processes.
  ● NEMA PS 3.1--3.20 (2016) Digital Imaging and Communication in Medicine (DICOM) Set
  ●  ISO 15223-1:2016 Medical devices -- Symbols to be used with medical device labels,
  ●  labelling and information to be supplied -- Part 1: General requirements.


Statement of Substantial Equivalence:
The subject device, VIDA|vision, is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. Differences do
not raise new issues about the safety and effectiveness of the software.


                                                www.vidalung.ai