October 16, 2020

CellaVision AB
℅ Jinjie Hu
President and Principle Consultant
Axteria BioMed Consulting Inc.
8040 Cobble Creek Circle
Potomac, Maryland 20854


Re: K200595
    Trade/Device Name:  CellaVision DC-1, CellaVision DC-1 PPA
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5260
    Regulation Name: Automated Cell-Locating Device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JOY
    Dated: September 19, 2019
    Received: March 6, 2020

Dear Jinjie Hu:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K200595 - Jinjie Hu                                                                   Page 2


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                          Takeesha Taylor-bell -S

                                         Takeesha Taylor-Bell
                                            Chief
                                             Division of Immunology
                                          and Hematology Devices
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
*K200595
Device Name
CellaVision® DC-1
Indications for Use (Describe)
Intended use of CellaVision® DC-1
CellaVision® DC-1 is an automated cell-locating device intended for in-vitro diagnostic
use in clinical laboratories.
CellaVision® DC-1 is intended to be used by operators, trained in the use of the device.
Intended use of the Peripheral Blood Application
The Peripheral Blood Application is intended for differential count of white blood cells
(WBC), characterization of red blood cell (RBC) morphology and platelet estimation.
The CellaVision® DC-1 with the Peripheral Blood Application automatically locates
blood cells on peripheral blood (PB) smears. The application presents images of the
blood cells for review. A skilled operator trained in recognition of blood cells, identifies
and verifies the suggested classification of each cell according to type.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
DX] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (J Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page of PCR Sv Coane” EF
4-1

5  510(k) Summary
5.1  General Information

Submitter:                CellaVision AB
                       Mobilvägen 12
                       SE-223 62 Lund
                     Sweden
                        Phone: +46 46 460 16 00

Contact person:            Jinjie Hu, PhD
                           Axteria BioMed Consulting Inc.
                      8040 Cobble Creek Circle
                       Potomac, MD 20854,    USA
                          Tel:+1 (301) 814 4985
                            Email: jinjiehu@axteriabiomed.com

Contact person:          Karin Hannander
                           CellaVision AB
                               Clinical Affairs Manager
                                Tel: +46 46 460 16 39
                            Email: Karin.Hannander@cellavision.se

Date Prepared:         March 06, 2020

Purpose of Submission:   To obtain a substantial equivalence for the CellaVision® DC-1
device.
5.2  Measurand
White Blood Cells (WBC), Red Blood Cells (RBC) and Platelets (PLT).
5.3  Device
Proprietary Name of the device:                      CellaVision® DC-1and
                                                     CellaVision® DC-1 PPA
Classification name:                           Automated cell-locating device
Regulation number:                            21 CFR 864.5260
Classification Name and Reference:                   Class II
Device product Code:                          JOY
Panel:                                       Hematology
5.4  Intended use/Indication for use
CellaVision® DC-1 is an automated cell-locating device intended for in-vitro diagnostic use in
clinical laboratories.
CellaVision® DC-1 is intended to be used by operators, trained in the use of the device.


                                       Confidential 5-1

5.5  Intended use of the Peripheral Blood Application
The CellaVision Peripheral Blood Application is intended for differential count of white blood
cells (WBC), characterization of red blood cell (RBC) morphology and platelet estimation.
The CellaVision® DC-1 with the Peripheral Blood Application automatically locates blood cells
on peripheral blood (PB) smears. The application presents images of the blood cells for
review. A skilled operator trained in recognition of blood cells, identifies and verifies the
suggested classification of each cell according to type.
5.6  Device Description
The CellaVision® DC-1 is an automated cell-locating device intended for in-vitro diagnostic
use. CellaVision® DC-1 automatically locates and presents images of blood cells found on
peripheral blood smears. The operator identifies and verifies the suggested classification of
each cell according to type. CellaVision® DC-1 is intended to be used by skilled operators,
trained in the use of the device and in recognition of blood cells
The CellaVision® DC-1 consists of a built-in PC with a Solid-State Disc (SSD) containing
CellaVision DM Software (CDMS), a high-power magnification microscope with a LED
illumination, an XY stage, a proprietary camera with firmware, built-in motor- and
illumination LED controller, a casing and an external power supply. It is capable of handling
one slide at a time.
The CellaVision® DC-1 can preclassify WBCs and precharacterize RBCs by use of artificial
intelligence. For the larger system (DM1200), preclassification and precharacterization are
performed using the Artificial Neural Network (ANN). For the CellaVision® DC-1
Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) are used instead of ANN. The results from the clinical
performance evaluations shows that the two systems (CellaVision® DC-1, tested device and
CellaVision® DM1200, predicate device) have similar performance when preclassifying WBCs
and precharacterizing RBCs using to the two different network types.

The CellaVision® DC-1 is for prescription use only.
            Physical Properties of the CellaVision® DC-1
Weight: 11kg (24lb)
Width: 280mm (11.0 inches)
Depth: 390mm (15.4 inches)
Height: 370 mm (14.6 inches)
          Components of the CellaVision® DC-1
Computer module (integrated)
Motorized microscope
Digital color camera
Control unit
Casing
Database
          Consumables Required to produce blood smears to be used on
            CellaVision® DC-1
Romanowsky stain (May Grünwald Giemsa (MGG), Wright Giemsa (WG) or Wright (W)
staining)
Slides
                                      Confidential 5-2

EDTA sample tube (K2EDTA or K3EDTA)
Automatic slide maker-stainer, or stain slides manually
          Specimen identification
Peripheral blood samples typically flagged by a cell-counter indicating an abnormal
morphology.
           Anticoagulant
All samples used in the analytical and clinical studies were collected using K3EDTA as the
anticoagulant. The protocols used in these studies state that both K2EDTA and K3EDTA are
acceptable to use.
Studies [1, 2] have confirmed the equivalence between the two anticoagulants and that any
difference between the two anticoagulants are minimal and unlikely to be of any clinical
significance. Furthermore, the recognized CLSI standard [3] no longer defines K2EDTA and
K3EDTA as separate EDTA options (recognition number 7-221).
It is concluded that, based on available scientific literature that any differences between
results obtained with blood collected in K3EDTA tubes vs blood collected in K2EDTA are
minimal and unlikely to be of any clinical significance. 1
            Calibration
CellaVision recommends that calibration is performed once a year by a service engineer.
            Quality control
                  Self-Test
The CellaVision® DC-1 analyzer performs self-tests during startup of the software, and at
certain points during the operation of the analyzer. When the software starts, the analyzer is
checked before the user can start analyzing. During this phase, both the hardware and the
software components are tested for anomalies, as well as various requirements for the
operation of the analyzer. If the LIS communication is enabled, the program will also check
the connection to the LIS.
The communication with, and response of the hardware, is tested continuously during the
operation of the analyzer, and a message will inform the user if an error occurs during slide
processing or other operations on the analyzer.
                   Cell Location Test
A cell location test shall be run at least once a day and after any changes in the staining
procedure or the staining solutions for quality control. Cell location slides are prepared and
processed by the customer from a freshly stained slide from a blood sample with a WBC

1 List of references:
 [1] Lab Hematol. 1998; 4:17-20. “Performance of K2EDTA- vs K3EDTA-collected blood specimens on
various hematology analyzers”
[2] Lab Hematol. 2003; 9 (1):10-4. “Comparison of glass K3EDTA versus plastic K2EDTA blood-drawing
tubes for complete blood counts, reticulocyte counts, and white blood cell differentials.” Van Cott EM
et al.
[3] CLSI GP39-A6 (former CLSI H01-A6) “Tubes and Additives for Venous and Capillary Blood Specimen
Collection; Approved Standard – Sixth Edition.”

                                      Confidential 5-3

count within the normal range. The cell location test verifies that the quality of the slide
preparation process is good enough to allow the analyzer to locate the cells needed for the
analysis. It also verifies the analyzer’s ability to locate cells. More details on the cell location
test can be found in the CellaVision® DC-1 Instructions for Use.
             Principle of operation
From a peripheral blood sample, typically flagged by a cell-counter indicating an abnormal
morphology, a thin blood film is wedged on a glass slide (a blood smear). The blood smear is
then stained with Romanowsky stain. The system uses stained microscope slides from EDTAanticoagulated whole blood.
The operator enters the order ID for the slide, either manually or using an optional barcode
reader. If a Laboratory Information System (LIS) is used, the device automatically fetches
order data for the sample from the LIS.
The operator places the slide in the loading tray of the device and closes the input hatch. The
device automatically moves the slide under the microscope.
Starting at 33 mm from the edge of the slide, the device looks for a monolayer in the smear.
Once a monolayer is found, the device scans the monolayer in a battlement pattern. While
doing this, the device locates any WBCs and stores high quality images of each located WBC.
The device also locates and stores an image of a part of the RBC monolayer. When enough
WBCs and the image of the RBC monolayer have been captured, the analyzer moves the slide
back to the loading tray.
The device software pre-classifies each located WBC. It also precharacterizes the RBC
morphology based on the image of the RBC monolayer. By using the overview image, the
operator can calculate or estimate the level of PLTs. These preliminary results, that is, the
preclassifications, precharacterization and PLT levels are then stored in a database.
A skilled operator, trained in the use of the software and in recognition of blood cells, then
opens the order to review and verify (or modify) the preliminary results. The review can be
done either at the device or using the CellaVision Remote Review Software (CRRS).


                                      Confidential 5-4

Table 5:1 Parameters reported for CellaVision® DC-1
 Parameter                  Abbreviation
 White blood cells         WBC
 Red blood cells            RBC
 Platelet                     PLT
5.7  Substantial equivalence information
            Technological Characteristics Comparison with Predicate
Like the predicate device, CellaVision® DC-1 locates white blood cells, stores digital images of
the cells and displays the images in an organized manner and suggests a cell class for each
cell to aid operators in performing the differential count procedure. A competent operator is
required to verify or modify the suggested classification of each cell. It is intended to be used
by skilled operators, trained in the use of the device and in recognition of blood cells. Like
the predicate device, CellaVision®DC-1 presents an overview image from which it is possible
to characterize red blood cells regarding size, shape and color and count PLTs.
5.8  Principle of operation/comparison with predicate device
The method requires a skilled operator to review the images of the cells as does the
predicate device. See attached substantial equivalence comparisons (Table 5:2).
Table 5:2 Comparison with Predicate Device: similarities
 Characteristic     CellaVision® DC-1                  CellaVision® DM1200
                                             K092868
 Intended use       CellaVision® DC-1 is an automated  DM1200 is an automated cellcell-locating device intended for in-  locating device.
                        vitro diagnostic use in clinical      DM1200 automatically locates
                       laboratories.                    and presents images of blood
                     CellaVision® DC-1 is intended to be   cells on peripheral blood
                  used by operators, trained in the     smears.
                   use of the device.                 The operator identifies and
                                                                    verifies the suggested
                     Peripheral Blood Application:          classification of each cell
                  The  CellaVision  Peripheral  Blood  according to type.
                     Application     is   intended    for  DM1200 is intended to be used
                        differential count of white blood  by skilled operators, trained in
                         cells (WBC), characterization of red  the use of the device and in
                  blood  cell (RBC) morphology and  recognition of blood cells.
                       platelet estimation.
                  The CellaVision® DC-1 with the
                     Peripheral Blood Application
                     automatically locates blood cells on
                     peripheral blood (PB) smears. The
                      application presents images of the
                  blood cells for review. A skilled
                    operator trained in recognition of
                  blood cells, identifies and verifies

                                      Confidential 5-5

Characteristic     CellaVision® DC-1                  CellaVision® DM1200
                                            K092868
                   the suggested classification of each
                         cell according to type.


Intended use      The intended use population is
population         patients whose blood samples have            Same
                been flagged as abnormal by an
                 automated cell counter.
Analytes         Automated cell-locating device for
                      cell-location and identification of
                  RBC, WBC or platelets for in-vitro             Same
                     use.
                      Verification of results by human
                    operator.
Light source      LED (Light Emitting Diode)                  Same
Classification       CellaVision® DM Software including  CellaVision® DM Software
software            Peripheral blood application         including Peripheral blood
                     (version 7.0).                         application (version 6.0).
Sample type       Stained blood film on glass slides
                    of peripheral whole blood.                  Same
Sample          Romanowsky stain                        Same
preparation
Analysis          White blood cells:
technique           Cells are located/counted by
                moving according to the
                   battlement track pattern. Cell
                 images are analyzed using artificial
                     intelligence trained to distinguish
                 between classes of white blood
                         cells.
                 The cell images are preclassified
                and the operator verifies the
                  suggested classification by
                   accepting or reclassifying the white
                 blood cells.

                Red blood cells:                          Same
                 The device presents an overview
                  image.
                 The cell images are
                    precharacterized and the operator
                       verifies or re-characterizes red


                                     Confidential 5-6

Characteristic     CellaVision® DC-1                  CellaVision® DM1200
                                            K092868
                 blood cell morphology from the
                  image.

                       Platelets:
                 The device presents an overview
                  image.
                 The operator manually counts and
                   estimates the platelet
                   concentration from the overview
                image according to a standardized
                   procedure.
Optical means for   Individual white blood cells are
magnifying        magnified and imaged on a camera
images of white    sensor by a microscope. The
blood cells for     camera sensor produces images on            Same
observation and    a screen for view and interpretation
interpretation        (cell class verification).
Viewing of white    Individual located white blood cells
blood cell images   are presented in an organized                Same
                manner and observed on a screen.
Classification of    White blood cells are pre-classified
white blood cells   and presented to the operator. To
                 complete the differential, the
                   operator needs to verify that all
                   located WBCs are correctly                  Same
                        classified. All cells must be
                       classified and verified before the
                   order can be signed.
Characterization   The device pre-characterizes the
of the red blood   RBC morphology based on the               Same
cell morphology    overview image of the RBC
                  monolayer, followed by the
                    operator’s verification or
                   modification of the suggested
                       results.
Estimating the     From an overview image
platelet level       corresponding to eight high power            Same
                       fields the platelet level is estimated.
Image          A skilled operator is required to
interpretation       differentiate and finally modify
requirements      and/or confirm the                        Same
                     preclassification/characterization of
                   the located blood cells.
Information       The system can interact with a
transfer from       laboratory information system (LIS).

                                     Confidential 5-7

Characteristic     CellaVision® DC-1                  CellaVision® DM1200
                                             K092868
 instrument to      The system will retrieve order data
 Printer or network  from the LIS and send results back
                    to the LIS.                              Same
 Result format      The differential proportional count
                             is normally based on 100 white
                  blood cells. The number of WBCs
                   can be modified if required. The              Same
                       result can be presented as an
                    absolute number or as % of total
                number of WBCs. The result of RBC
                      characterization is presented as a
                   grading for each morphology.
 Technological     The system locates white blood
 characteristics        cells, stores digital images of the
                         cells and suggests a cell class for
                   each white blood cell to aid
                    operators in performing the white             Same
                  blood cell differential procedure.
                  The system captures an overview
                 image of the RBC monolayer for
                RBC characterization.
                  The operator estimates the platelet
                    concentration using the overview
                   image.
 Operators        The operator is trained in the
 competence        recognition of blood cells and in              Same
                    the use of the device.
 Decision support   The device includes white blood
                          cell reference cells. The operator              Same
                   can add his/her own reference cells.
 Calibration       Recommended calibration once a
                     year by a service engineer.                  Same

Table 5:3 Comparison with Predicate Device: differences
 Characteristic    CellaVision® DC-1                  CellaVision® DM1200
                                            K092868
 Major parts of     • Computer module (integrated)      • System computer (stand- alone)
 the system         • Motorized microscope               • Motorized microscope
                      • Digital color camera                  • Digital color camera
                      • XY stage                              • Robot gripper unit
                      • Control unit (integrated in           • Control unit
                  camera)                                 • Casing
                      • Casing                                • Database
                      • Database                             • Immersion oil unit

                                      Confidential 5-8

Characteristic    CellaVision® DC-1                  CellaVision® DM1200
                                            K092868
                                                               • Barcode reader
 Neural network   Neural network of convolutional       Artificial neural network of
                     type.                                multiple perception type.
 Loading         1 slide                          12 slides
 capacity
 Immersion oil    Manual application                Automatic application
 application

5.9  Brief discussion of clinical tests supporting a determination of substantial
     equivalence
Clinical evaluations have been performed to confirm equivalence with the predicate method
(DM1200) for differentiation of WBCs, precharaterization of RBCs and estimation of PLTs. In
the following sections CellaVision® DC-1 and CellaVision® DM1200 will be denominated DC-1
and DM1200.
           Performance data
The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence
determination.
5.10 Electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)
EMC testing was conducted on the DC-1 and Power supply ATS090-P120.
The test showed that the DC-1 is in conformity with IEC 61010-1:2010 and IEC 61010-2-
101:2015.
5.11 Software Verification and Validation Testing
Software verification and validation testing were conducted and documentation was
provided as recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and Staff, “Guidance for the
Content of premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The software
application was considered as a “moderate” level of concern, since a malfunction failure or
latent design flaw in the software could lead to an erroneous diagnosis or a delay in delivery
of appropriate medical care that could lead to a minor injury.
5.12 Analytical Performance: Precision, Repeatability
The repeatability studies were conducted in a clinical setting using three different
laboratories. The study outline for the three repeatability studies was a so-called 20 x 2 x 2
single-site repeatability study and was based on CLSI EP05-A3 (Evaluation of Precision of
Quantitative Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline – Third Edition).
        WBC Repeatability
Five samples at each of the sites were selected for the study. All slides were processed on the
DC-1 according to the study outline which was a so-called 20 x 2 x 2 single-site repeatability
study (total of 80 runs/sample). The evaluation was performed on the preclassified results
suggested by the device. The proportional cell count in percent for each cell class was used to
estimate total variance and variance components for repeatability (within-run, between-run,
between-day and within laboratory) by an ANOVA. All tests except repeatability and withinConfidential 5-9

laboratory precision on three occasions met acceptance  criteria. The three samples  all
displayed variation in mean values between slide 1 and 2 for the specific cell types, resulting in
a variation slightly above acceptance criteria.

The overall results from the WBC repeatability evaluation of the DC-1 at all three sites were
successful.
         RBC Repeatability
Five samples at each of the sites were selected for the study. All slides were processed on the
DC-1 according to the study outline which was a so-called 20 x 2 x 2 single-site repeatability
study (total of 80 runs/sample). The evaluation was performed on the precharacterized results
suggested by the device. Repeatability in terms of grade (0, 1, 2 or 3) for each morphological
characteristic was evaluated. The most prevalent grade reported was evaluated, and the
agreement (percentage of runs reporting the grade) was calculated for each morphology. The
agreement was evaluated for each slide and run (1st and 2nd daily run, respectively), as well as
for each sample. One sample displayed variation in mean value between slide 1 and 2 for the
specific cell type, resulting in a variation above acceptance criteria.

The overall results from the RBC repeatability evaluation of the DC-1 at all three sites were
successful.
          PLT Repeatability
Four samples at each of the sites were selected for the study. All slides were processed on the
DC-1 according to the study outline which was a so-called 20 x 2 x 2 single-site repeatability
study (total of 80 runs/sample). For each PLT level (significantly decreased, decreased, normal
or increased) the agreement (percentage of runs reporting the actual PLT level) was
evaluated. The agreement was evaluated for each slide and run (1st and 2nd daily run,
respectively) as well as for each sample.

The repeatability of PLT analysis met the acceptance criterion in all samples at all three sites.
5.13 Analytical Performance: Precision, Reproducibility
The reproducibility study was conducted in a clinical setting using three different laboratories.
The study outline was a so-called 3 x 5 x 5 multi-site reproducibility study and was based on
CLSI EP05-A3 (Evaluation of Precision of Quantitative Measurement Procedures; Approved
Guideline – Third Edition).
        WBC Reproducibility
Five samples were included in the study. Five slides were prepared from each sample and
processed every day at each of three study sites for five days (a 3 x 5 x 5 study). The
reproducibility analysis was performed on verified data. The proportional cell count in
percent for each cell class was used to estimate total variation and variance components for
reproducibility by an ANOVA based on CLSI EP05-A3. Evaluation was performed for each cell
class per sample as well as per sample and site.

The overall results from the reproducibility evaluation of the DC-1 are considered to be
successful.

                                      Confidential 5-10

RBC Reproducibility
Four samples were included in the study. Five slides were prepared from each sample and
processed every day at each of three study sites for five days (a 3 x 5 x 5 study). The
reproducibility analysis was performed on verified data. Reproducibility in terms of grade (0,
1, 2 or 3) for each morphological characteristic was evaluated. The most prevalent grade
reported was evaluated, and the agreement (percentage of runs reporting the grade) was
calculated. The agreement was evaluated for each morphology per sample as well as per
sample and site.

The overall results from the reproducibility evaluation of the DC-1 are considered to be
successful.
          PLT Reproducibility
Four samples were included in the study. Five slides were prepared from each sample and
processed every day at each of three study sites for five days (a 3 x 5 x 5 study). The operator
used the overview image to count the platelets per grid square.
For each PLT level (significantly decreased, decreased, normal or increased) the agreement
(percentage of runs reporting the most prevalent level) was calculated for each sample as
well as for each sample and site. The reproducibility of the PLT count met the acceptance
criterion in all samples.

The overall results from the reproducibility evaluation of the DC-1 are considered to be
successful.
             Linearity
Not applicable
           Carryover
Not applicable
             Interfering substance
Not applicable
5.14 Clinical Performance: Method, Comparison
The comparison studies were conducted at three different laboratories for each analyte
(WBC, RBC and PLT).

Comparison studies were conducted comparing the DC-1 (test device) with the DM1200
(reference device) for each of the cell types (WBC, RBC and PLT).
Three comparison studies have been performed for each of the cell types (3 for WBC, 3 for
RBC and 3 for PLT). The WBC and RBC studies were based on CLSI H20-A2 (RBC, only
applicable parts).
        WBC Comparison
In total 598 samples (1196 slides, A and B slide) were analyzed on both the DM1200 and on
the DC-1 across the three sites. The verified WBC results from the DC-1 were compared to
the corresponding results from the DM1200. Accuracy as well as Positive (PPA), Negative
(NPA) and Overall Agreement (OA) were determined.
                                      Confidential 5-11

Distribution and Morphology
PPA, NPA and OA were calculated for the distributional and morphological results separately.
Table 5:4 Combined results all three sites
      Group/Site        Comparison         Results %
                     OA              89,8% Distribution                         PPA             89,2%
                      NPA             90,4%
                     OA              91,3% Morphology                         PPA             88,6%
                      NPA             92,5%

           WBC Accuracy
Accuracy between WBC analysis results from the DC-1 compared to the DM1200 was
determined using linear regression. The mean differential counts for individual cell types with
a normal level of >5% were analyzed. The slope of the regression line when compared with
the reference method should be within 0.8-1.2 with an intercept within ±0.2. The accuracy
evaluations were successful in all studies and shows no systematic difference between the
DC-1 and the DM1200.
The accuracy agreement for the applicable WBCs (Segmented Neutrophils, Lymphocytes,
Eosinophils and Monocytes) were all within the acceptance criteria.
         RBC Comparison
In total 586 samples were analyzed on both the DM1200 and on the DC-1across the three
sites. The verified RBC results from the DC-1 were compared to the corresponding results
from the DM1200.
PPA, NPA and OA with two-sided 95% confidence intervals, comparing the DC-1 results with
the DM1200 results, were calculated. The results were assumed to be normally distributed
and calculations of 95% confidence intervals have been performed as described in EP-12-A2.

Table 5:5 Combined results all three sites
   Group     Comparison         Result
                          (95% CI LL–UL)
                                 79,9%          OA                                (76,4%-82,9%)
                                 87,8% Color       PPA                                (82,3%-91,8%)
                                 76,3%          NPA                                (71,9%-80,2%)
                                 88,2%          OA                                (85,3%-90,6%)
                                 89,8% Size        PPA                                (86,3%-92,2%)
                                 84,8%          NPA                                (79,0%-89,2%)
 Shape     OA                 85,2%
                                      Confidential 5-12

(82,0%-87,8%)
                                 87,3%           PPA                                (82,3%-91,0%)
                                 83,8%          NPA                                (79,6%-87,3%)

          PLT Comparison
In total 598 samples were analyzed on both the DM1200 and on the DC-1across the three
sites.
The agreement between the two devices on PLT level was evaluated by summarizing the
results as outlined in
Table 5:6 below and by calculating the Cohen's Kappa coefficient.

Each level was assigned a number:
 1 = Sign. Decreased
 2 = Decreased
 3 = Normal
 4 = Increased

Table 5:6 Agreement per sample
    DC-1                    DM1200
                  Level 1       Level 2       Level 3       Level 4         Total
    Level 1        140          16           0           0           156
    Level 2         6          135          13           0           154
    Level 3         0           10          173          10          193
    Level 4         0           0           17          78           95
     Total         146         161         203          88          598*
*All samples were collected based on the results from cell counters.
Table 5:7 Cohen’s Kappa coefficient calculated using Medcalc®
 Weighted Kappa*      0,89405
 Standard error         0,01196
 95% CI           0,87062 to 0,91748

In all three studies the Cohen's Kappa coefficient met the acceptance criterion of ≥0,6.

The conclusion of the evaluations of the PLT estimation analysis is that the agreement
requirement is fulfilled.
5.15 Proposed labeling
The labeling satisfies the requirement of 21 CDR Part 809.subpart B.


                                      Confidential 5-13

5.16 Conclusion
The CellaVision® DC-1 analyzer has the same intended use as the predicate device, the
CellaVision® DM1200  analyzer  cleared  in  K092868. They  are  quantitative, automated
hematology analyzers for In Vitro Diagnostic Use in clinical laboratories. These analyzers may
be used with K2 EDTA or K3 EDTA whole blood. Both analyzers are only to be used by trained
medical professionals to identify abnormal parameters of WBC, RBC and PLT. The performance
studies of the CellaVision® DC-1 analyzer were conducted per the study protocols agreed by
FDA in pre-submission (Q171293) covering all cell types and morphologies that the analyzer is
intended to identify. For WBC, the samples studied covered both normal and abnormal levels
for band  neutrophils, segmented  neutrophils,  eosinophils, basophils, lymphocytes, and
monocytes.  Samples  with  abnormal  concentrations  of  promyelocytes,  myelocytes,
metamyelocytes, blast cells, variant lymphocytes, plasma cells and NRBC were also included in
the study. For RBC, the samples studied covered all morphological characteristics. For PLT, four
samples covering the predefined levels were included. The performance comparison study
results demonstrated that the CellaVision® DC-1 analyzer is substantially equivalent to the
predicate device, the CellaVision® DM1200 analyzer and the few differences do not raise new
questions of the safety and effectiveness.
The overall results from both the clinical and analytical evaluations concluded that the studies
performed for WBC, RBC and PLT on the CellaVision® DC-1 are considered to be successful.
No adverse events were reported from any of the studies.


                                      Confidential 5-14