March 20, 2020

Shenzhen Carewell Electronics Co., Ltd.
℅ Arthur Goddard
President
FDA Regulatory and Quality Systems Consultant
31853 Cedar Road
Mayfield Heights, Ohio 44124-4445

Re: K200036
    Trade/Device Name: AI-ECG Tracker
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1425
    Regulation Name: Programmable Diagnostic Computer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: DQK, DPS
    Dated: January 3, 2020
    Received: January 8, 2020

Dear Arthur Goddard:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K200036 - Arthur Goddard                                                             Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                              Jennifer W. Shih -S
                                             for
                                                 Jessica Paulsen
                                               Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                Diagnostics and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K200036

Device Name
AI-ECG Tracker


Indications for Use (Describe)
The AI-ECG Tracker is intended to be used by qualified healthcare professionals in hospitals and healthcare facilities for
the assessment of arrhythmias using ECG data acquired from adults (age 22 and older) without pacemakers. The product
supports downloading and analyzing data recorded from electrodes with conductive paste/gel placed on standard location
in compatible formats from any device used for the arrhythmia diagnostics such as Holter, event recorder, 12-lead
ambulatory ECG devices when assessment of the rhythm is necessary. The AI-ECG Tracker provides ECG signal
processing and analysis on a beat by beat basis, QRS detection, Supraventricular and Ventricular Ectopic Beat detection,
QRS feature extraction, interval measurement, heart rate measurement, and rhythm analysis. The AI-ECG Tracker is not
for use in life supporting or sustaining systems or ECG monitoring and Alarm devices.

The AI-ECG Tracker interpretation results are not intended to be the sole means of diagnosis for any abnormal ECG. It is
offered to physicians and clinicians on an advisory basis only in conjunction with the physician’s knowledge of ECG
patterns, patient background, clinical history, symptoms, and other diagnostic information.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
Shenzhen Carewell Electronics Co., Ltd.                                       AI-ECG Tracker

Section 5: 510(K) Summary

This summary of 510(K) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the requirements of

SMDA 1900 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(K) Number:K200036

5.     510(K) Summary

5.1.  Date of Preparation: January 3rd, 2020

5.2.  Sponsor
    Shenzhen Carewell Electronics Co., Ltd.
    Floor 4, BLD 9, Baiwangxin High-Tech Industrial Park, Songbai Road, Xili Street, Nanshan
     District 518108, Shenzhen, P.R. China
    Establishment Registration Number: 3010089768
    Contact Person: Chang Liu
    Position: General Manager
    Tel: +86-755-86170389
    Fax: +86-755-86170478
    Email: standard@carewell.com.cn

5.3.  Submission Correspondent
   Mr. Arthur Goddard
   31853 Cedar Road, Ohio, 44124-4445, U.S.A.
    Tel: (216) 233-5722
    Email: asjgoddard@aol.com

5.4.  Subject Device Identification
    Subject Device Name: AI-ECG Tracker
    Edition: S Edition
   Common name: ECG Analysis Software
    Classification Name(s): Programmable Diagnostic Computer / Electrocardiograph
    Product Code: DQK, DPS
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1425
   Review Panel: Cardiovascular
    Classification: II

5.5.  Predicate Device
    510(k) Number: K062282
    Device Name: Monebo Automated ECG Analysis and Interpretation Software Library, Version 3.0
    Manufacturer: Monebo Technologies, Inc.


  Page 1 of 6                                                                K200036

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
Shenzhen Carewell Electronics Co., Ltd.                                       AI-ECG Tracker

5.6.  Reference Device
    510(k) Number: K113485
    Device Name: Electrocardiograph
    Manufacturer: Shenzhen Carewell Electronics Co., Ltd.

5.7.  Indications for use
   The AI-ECG Tracker is intended to be used by qualified healthcare professionals in hospitals and
    healthcare facilities for the assessment of arrhythmias using ECG data acquired from adults (age 22
    and older) without pacemakers. The product supports downloading and analyzing data recorded
    from electrodes with conductive paste/gel placed on standard location in compatible formats from
    any device used for the arrhythmia diagnostics such as Holter, event recorder, 12-lead ambulatory
   ECG devices when assessment of the rhythm is necessary. The AI-ECG Tracker provides ECG
    signal processing and analysis on a beat by beat basis, QRS detection, Supraventricular and
    Ventricular Ectopic Beat detection, QRS feature extraction, interval measurement, heart  rate
    measurement, and rhythm analysis. The AI-ECG Tracker is not for use in life supporting or
    sustaining systems or ECG monitoring and Alarm devices.


   The AI-ECG Tracker interpretation results are not intended to be the sole means of diagnosis for
    any abnormal ECG.  It  is offered to physicians and clinicians on an advisory basis only in
    conjunction with the physician’s knowledge of ECG patterns, patient background, clinical history,
    symptoms, and other diagnostic information.

5.8.  Contraindications
   Not suitable for diagnosis of non-cardiac abnormalities.
   Not suitable for diagnosing patients with pacemakers.
   Not suitable for diagnosing patients age 21 and under.
   Not suitable for diagnosis other than cardiac arrhythmia.
   The device must not be used as a physiological monitoring of vital signs.

5.9.  Special Requirement
   The input ECG data is required to contain at least one of leads I, II, III, V1, and V5.

5.10. Device Description
   The AI-ECG Tracker is a distributed ECG auto analysis system designed to assist physicians and
   qualified  healthcare  professionals  in measuring and  interpreting ambulatory ECG  data. The
    interpretations by the analysis program can be confirmed, edited, modified, or deleted by the
   physician and qualified healthcare professionals. The program is intended for use by qualified
   healthcare professionals in hospitals and other healthcare facilities for the assessments of common
   cardiac arrhythmias using ECG data acquired from adults (age 22 and older) without pacemakers.


   The AI-ECG Tracker receives ECG waveform data uploaded by a user, analyzes ECG data and
   automatically interprets on a computer server. The ECG measurement, interpretation and waveform

  Page 2 of 6                                                                K200036

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
Shenzhen Carewell Electronics Co., Ltd.                                       AI-ECG Tracker

   data are then downloaded to the Physician Diagnostic Client for a physician to review, modify,
   confirm the analysis statements, and print the report. The original ECG waveform data is stored
   permanently in the user’s server computer securely.


   The system uses a machine learning based process (convolutional neural network or CNN) only for
   development of the AI ECG algorithm. The AI ECG algorithm is only used for beat classification.
   After the AI ECG algorithm is developed, the AI-based beat classification model is locked in the
   released product which means the marketed device doesn’t have active machine learning or selflearning features.

5.11. Predicate Devices and Subject Device Comparison

                      Table 3-1 Feature Comparison with Predicate Devices
    Item             Subject Device               Predicate Device            Remark
               AI-ECG Tracker           K062282 Monebo
                                       Automated ECG Analysis
                                      and Interpretation Software
                                                 Library, Version 3.0
Indications    The  AI-ECG   Tracker    is  The Automatic Analysis and  No substantial
for use         intended   to  be  used  by   Interpretation        Software   difference
                 qualified            healthcare  Library is intended for use by
                professionals in hospitals and   qualified             medical
                healthcare   facilities  for  the   professionals      for      the
               assessment   of   arrhythmias  assessment   of   arrhythmias
               using ECG data acquired from  using    historic   ambulatory
                 adults  (age  22  and  older)  EGG   data.  The   product
               without   pacemakers.   The  supports   downloading   and
               product supports downloading  analyzing  data  recorded  in
              and  analyzing  data  recorded  compatible formats from any
              from      electrodes     with  device used for the arrhythmia
               conductive paste/gel placed on   diagnostics  such  as  Holter,
                standard      location       in  Event   Monitor,   12   lead
               compatible formats from any  ambulatory  or  resting EGG
               device used for the arrhythmia   devices,   or   other   similar
                diagnostics  such  as  Holter,  devices when  assessment  of
               event     recorder,    12-lead   the rhythm is necessary. The
               ambulatory ECG devices when  Automatic    Analysis   and
               assessment of  the rhythm  is   Interpretation        Software
                necessary.   The   AI-ECG  Library    can     also    be
               Tracker provides ECG signal   electronically  interfaced, and
               processing and analysis on a  perform  analysis  with  data


  Page 3 of 6                                                                K200036

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
Shenzhen Carewell Electronics Co., Ltd.                                       AI-ECG Tracker

    Item             Subject Device               Predicate Device            Remark
               AI-ECG Tracker           K062282 Monebo
                                       Automated ECG Analysis
                                      and Interpretation Software
                                                 Library, Version 3.0
                beat  by  beat   basis,  QRS   transferred    from     other
                 detection, Supraventricular and  computer based EGG systems,
                Ventricular    Ectopic   Beat  such as an EGG management
                 detection,   QRS     feature  system.    The    Automatic
                 extraction,              interval  Analysis  and   Interpretation
              measurement,    heart     rate  Software   Library   provides
              measurement,   and   rhythm EGG  signal  processing  and
                 analysis. The AI-ECG Tracker   analysis on  a  beat by  beat
                    is not for use in life supporting   basis, QRS  and  Ventricular
                or sustaining systems or ECG  Ectopic Beat detection, QRS
               monitoring and Alarm devices.   feature   extraction,   interval
                                           measurement,    heart     rate
             The    AI-ECG     Tracker  measurement,   and   rhythm
                 interpretation  results  are  not   analysis for up to sixteen(16)
               intended to be the sole means   leads  of  captured  data. The
                of diagnosis for any abnormal   library  is not for use in  life
            ECG.    It    is   offered   to  supporting    or    sustaining
                physicians and clinicians on an  systems  or EGG monitoring
               advisory    basis   only    in  and Alarm devices
               conjunction     with      the  The product can be integrated
                physician’s knowledge of ECG   into    computerized  EGG
                 patterns,  patient  background,  monitoring  devices.  In  this
                  clinical history, symptoms, and  case   the   medical   device
                other diagnostic information.    manufacturer will identify the
                                                   indication  for use depending
                                        on  the  application  of  their
                                                 device.
Algorithm      Proprietary Algorithm           Proprietary Algorithm           Different
Level of       Major                       Moderate                        Different
Concern of
the software
Diagnostic      Heart rate determination for           Heart rate determination for       Same
Statement       non-paced adult                    non-paced adult
            QRS Detection               QRS Detection

                Non-paced arrhythmia interpretation  Non-paced arrhythmia

                    for adult patients                        interpretation for adult patients

  Page 4 of 6                                                                K200036

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
Shenzhen Carewell Electronics Co., Ltd.                                       AI-ECG Tracker

    Item             Subject Device               Predicate Device            Remark
               AI-ECG Tracker           K062282 Monebo
                                       Automated ECG Analysis
                                      and Interpretation Software
                                                 Library, Version 3.0

                Non-paced ventricular arrhythmia     Non-paced ventricular arrhythmia

                     calls for adult patients                   calls for adult patients

                    Intervals measurement                 Intervals measurement

                   Ventricular ectopic beat detection      Ventricular ectopic beat detection
Fundamental   The AI-ECG Tracker consists   The  predicate  device   is  a  No substantial
scientific        of:                                collection of callable functions   difference.
technology      -   Interfaces which  provide   that have been complied into
                     tools to measure, analyze,  machine code or IDL code of  The subject device
                       interpret,  review  ECGs,   the computer on which they  AI-ECG Tracker and
                 and to generate and print  execute.                         the predicate device
                      reports.                 The predicate device consists  K062282 both built
                    -   Automated ECG            of  a  basic  application  for  with Microsoft .Net
                      interpretation algorithms     viewing,    analyzing    and  framework with similar
                      that measure and analyze    annotating ECG  data, and a   application architect,
              ECGs to provide             callable object library built on  both have user’s
                  supplementary information   the Microsoft .Net framework.   interface for viewing,
                     for ECG diagnosis.       An application software can be  analyzing and
             The device is developed in C#    written to invoke some or all   interpreting ECG data,
              and C/C++ language,            the  functions  in  an  object  and both allow the core
               supported by Microsoft .Net      library.                        algorithm library to be
              framework and .Net Core      The library can be accessed      accessed via APIs.
                runtime.                       through an Application
             Components and libraries can   program Interface (API) as a
              be accessed through the          callable function. This allows
               Application Programming        the library to be used as an
                 Interface (API). Carewell        accessory to an ECG
            AI-ECG Tracker requires local  management application or as
              wired or wireless network.       a stand-alone product.

                           Table 3-2 Performance Comparison

    Item                      Subject Device                          Predicate Device            Remark

                       AI-ECG Tracker              K062282 Monebo Automated ECG

                                                                  Analysis and Interpretation

                                                              Software Library, Version 3.0
Basic safety   Comply with IEC 60601-2-25           Comply with IEC 60601-2-25    Same
and essential

  Page 5 of 6                                                                K200036

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
Shenzhen Carewell Electronics Co., Ltd.                                       AI-ECG Tracker

    Item                      Subject Device                          Predicate Device            Remark

                       AI-ECG Tracker              K062282 Monebo Automated ECG

                                                                  Analysis and Interpretation

                                                              Software Library, Version 3.0
performance
Measurement  Comply with AAMI/ANSI EC57 and     Comply with AAMI/ANSI      Same
performance   IEC 60601-2-47.                   EC57 and IEC 60601-2-47.


     5.1. Non-Clinical Test Conclusion
   Bench test were conducted to verify that the subject device met all design specifications, as was
    Substantially Equivalent (SE) to the predicate device. The test results demonstrated that the subject
    device complies with the following standards.
   AAMI ANSI EC57:2012 Testing And Reporting Performance Results Of Cardiac Rhythm And
   ST-Segment Measurement Algorithms;
   IEC 60601-2-47:2012 Medical Electrical Equipment - Part 2-47: Particular Requirements For The
    Basic Safety And Essential Performance of Ambulatory Electrocardiographic Systems;
   IEC 60601-2-25:2011, Medical Electrical Equipment – Part 2-25: Particular requirements for the
    safety of electrocardiographs;
   IEC 62304 Edition 1.1 2015-06, Medical device software - Software life-cycle;
   ISO 14971:2007, Medical devices-Application of risk management to medical device.

     5.2. Substantially Equivalent Conclusion
   The subject device, AI-ECG Tracker, is determined to be Substantially Equivalent (SE) to the
    predicate device, Monebo Automated ECG Analysis and Interpretation Software Library,
   Monebo Technologies, Inc. K062282.


  Page 6 of 6                                                                K200036