January 9, 2021

CLEW Medical Ltd.
℅ Yarmela Pavlovic
Partner
Manatt, Phelps & Phillips, LLP
1 Embarcadero Center, 30th Floor
San Francisco, California 94111


Re: K200717
    Trade/Device Name: CLEWICU System (ClewICUServer and ClewICUnitor)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2210
    Regulation Name: Adjunctive Predictive Cardiovascular Indicator
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QNL
    Dated: January 6, 2021
    Received: January 8, 2021

Dear Yarmela Pavlovic:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K200717 - Yarmela Pavlovic                                                            Page


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                               Jennifer W. Shih -S

                                              for LT Stephen Browning
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                Diagnostics and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEAL TH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                   Indications for Use                         See PRA Statement below.
51 0(k) Number (if known)
K200717

Device Name
CLEWICU System


Indications for Use (Describe)
CLEWICU provides the clinician with physiological insight into a patient's likelihood of future hemodynamic instability.
CLEWICU is intended for use with intensive care unit (ICU) patients 18 years and over.
CLEWICU is considered to provide additional information regarding the patient's predicted future risk for clinical
deterioration, as well as identifying patients at low risk for deterioration. The product predictions are for reference only
and no therapeutic decisions should be made based solely on the CLEWICU predictions.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                IZI Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (6120)                             Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K200717

                                     510(k) SUMMARY
                      CLEW Medical’s CLEWICU

Submitter

CLEW Medical, Ltd.
5 Hamelacha St.
Poleg, Netanya
Israel 4206002
Phone: +972-9-779-5995
Contact Person: Avigdor Faians

Date Prepared: January 7, 2021

Name of Device: CLEWICU System
Common or Usual Name: CLEWICU
Classification Name: Adjunctive Predictive Cardiovascular Indicator
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2210
Regulatory Class: Class II
Product Code: QNL
Predicate Device
      Acumen Hypotension Prediction Index feature by Edwards Lifesciences (DEN160044,
      K183646, K190205)

Device Description

The CLEWICU System is a stand-alone analytical software product that includes the ClewICUServer
and the ClewICUnitor. It uses models derived from machine learning to calculate the likelihood of
occurrence of certain clinically significant events for patients in the intensive care unit (ICU).
ClewICUServer and ClewICUnitor are software-only devices that are installed on user-provided
hardware.

The ClewICUServer is a backend software platform that imports patient data from various sources
including Electronic Health Record (EHR) data and medical device data. The data are then used by
models operating within the ClewICUServer to compute and store the CLEWHI index (likelihood of
hemodynamic instability requiring vasopressor / inotrope support), and CLEWLR (indication that the
patient is at “low risk” for deterioration).

The ClewICUnitor is the web-based user interface displaying CLEWHI, and CLEWLR associated
notifications and related measures, as well as presenting the overall unit status.


                                                                        Page 1 of 3

K200717

Intended Use / Indications for Use

The CLEWICU’s Indications for Use are as follows:

     CLEWICU provides the clinician with physiological insight into a patient’s likelihood of future
      hemodynamic instability. CLEWICU is intended for use with intensive care unit (ICU)
        patients 18 years and over. CLEWICU is considered to provide additional information
       regarding the patient’s predicted future risk for clinical deterioration, as well as identifying
        patients at low risk for deterioration. The product predictions are for reference only and no
        therapeutic decisions should be made based solely on the CLEWICU predictions.

While there are differences in the indications for use statements between CLEWICU and Acumen
HPI, these differences are not critical to the intended use. Both devices are generally intended to
calculate patient health status indices and predict the likelihood of future cardiovascular clinical
events. The differences in the indications statements do not impact the safety or effectiveness, as
neither device is intended to be the sole factor upon which a patient’s clinical care is based. Instead,
the analyses are intended to notify healthcare providers of potential patient deterioration and should
be considered in conjunction with other physiological parameters before any treatment is provided.

Summary of Technological Characteristics

Both the subject and predicate devices are software decision support systems that receive patient
data, process it, and display calculated insights. At a high level, the subject and predicate devices
are based on the following same technological elements:
       •  Both devices receive near-real-time patient health data;

       •  Both devices analyze the available data to generate predictions of a patient’s risk of
           experiencing a future clinically significant cardiac event;

       •  Both devices alert the healthcare provider when a patient’s risk has reached a predefined threshold.

Although the two products produce slightly different outputs (e.g., risk of hypotensive event versus
risk of hemodynamic instability), those differences do not raise different questions of safety or
effectiveness, because in both instances, the key point is whether the predictions are accurate and
in a timeframe that permits appropriate clinical review and action.

Additionally, though the subject device incorporates additional data inputs relative to the predicate
device (i.e., vital signs, nursing assessments, flowsheet data, medications, lab data), this does not
raise different questions of safety or effectiveness. The key question in both cases is whether the
indices accurately predict the associated future cardiac events.

Performance Data

The CLEWICU was subjected to extensive software verification and validation testing, as well as risk
analysis and cybersecurity review.


                                                                        Page 2 of 3

K200717

Human factors testing was conducted to confirm that the user manual provides adequate
instructions and that the CLEWICU can be used by the intended users without use errors. Included
in the study were 15 intended users, comprised of five nurses and ten physicians. Testing was
successfully completed, demonstrating that the product has no expected user errors associated with
potential for serious injury to users.

Further, CLEWICU was assessed in a retrospective clinical validation with a dataset from the
WakeMed Health System. As an initial matter, a tagging system was developed and validated
(against human physician readers as ground truth). Once validated, the tagging system was used to
generate the clinical truth labels needed, both for training of the CLEWICU predictive models and for
validation of the clinical performance of those models. The WakeMed dataset included patient stays
in 7 intensive care units across 2 hospitals between 5 November 2019 and 30 June 2020. Patients
were male or female and at least 18 years of age.

Following validation of the tagging system (comparing performance against human physician
readers), the predictive models were evaluated by assessing each model’s ability to predict the
events of interest. The summary of the data from this study is presented below:

For the Hemodynamic Instability (HI) model
                              Point Estimate      95% Lower CI      95% Upper CI
 Sensitivity                   60.6%             56.9%             63.9%
 Positive Predictive Value       22.3%             20.7%             24.3%

                       Median             25th Percentile          75th Percentile
 Lead-time                            3.0 hours            1.6 hours                4.8 hours (true positive alerts)

For the Low Risk (LR) model
                           Point Estimate     95% Lower CI       95% Upper CI
 Specificity             95.7%            94.8%              96.6%
 Sensitivity             21.4%            21.2%              21.6%

The performance was determined acceptable considering the software is intended to provide visualonly indicators with a typical time horizon of several hours for an already closely monitored
population.

Conclusions

The CLEWICU is as safe and effective as the Acumen HPI. The CLEWICU has the same intended
uses and similar indications, technological characteristics, and principles of operation as its
predicate device. The minor differences in indications do not alter the intended use of the device
and do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness when used as labeled. In addition,
the minor technological differences between the CLEWICU and its predicate device raise no new
issues of safety or effectiveness. Performance data demonstrate that the CLEWICU performs as
expected and in a manner that is substantially equivalent to the Acumen HPI. Thus, the CLEWICU
is substantially equivalent.


                                                                        Page 3 of 3