June 26, 2020

iSchemaView, Inc.
℅ Mr. James Rosa
VP Quality and Regulatory
433 Park Point Drive, Suite 220
GOLDEN CO 80401

Re: K200760
    Trade/Device Name: Rapid ASPECTS
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2060
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer-assisted diagnostic software for lesions suspicious of cancer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: POK
    Dated: May 23, 2020
    Received: May 27, 2020

Dear Mr. Rosa:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K200760 – Mr. James Rosa                                                             Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEAL TH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                   Indications for Use                         See PRA Statement below.
51 0(k) Number (if known)
 K200760

Device Name
Rapid ASPECTS

Rapid ASPECTS is a computer-aided diagnosis (CADx) software device used to assist the clinician in the assessment and
characterization of brain tissue abnormalities using CT image data. The Software automatically registers images and segments and analyzes
ASPECTS Regions of lnterest (ROIs). Rapid ASPECTS extracts image data for the ROI(s) to provide analysis and computer analytics based on
morphological characteristics. The imaging features are then synthesized by an artificial intelligence algorithm into a single ASPECT (Alberta
Stroke Program Early CT) Score. Rapid ASPECTS is indicated for evaluation of patients presenting for diagnostic imaging workup with
known MCA or ICA occlusion, for evaluation of extent of disease. Extent of disease refers to the number of ASPECTS regions affected which
is reflected in the total score. This device provides information that may be useful in the characterization of early ischemic brain tissue injury
during image interpretation (within 6 hours). Rapid ASPECTS provides a comparative analysis to the ASPECTS standard of care radiologist
assessment using the ASPECTS atlas definitions and atlas display including highlighted ROIs and numerical scoring.

Limitations:
   1.  Rapid ASPECTS is not intended for primary interpretation of CT images, it is used to assist physician evaluation.
   2.  Rapid ASPECTS has been validated in patients with known MCA or ICA Occlusion prior to ASPECT scoring.
   3. Use of the Rapid ASPECTS Module in clinical settings other than early brain ischemia (within 6 hours) caused by known ICA or
   MCA occlusions has not been tested.
   4.  Rapid ASPECTS has been validated and is intended to be used on GE Lightspeed VCT Scanners.

Contraindications/Exclusions/Cautions:
• Patient Motion: excessive motion leading to artifacts that make the scan technically inadequate.
• Hemorrhagic Transformation, Hematoma
• Very thin or no Ventricles


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                IZI Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (7117)                            Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K200760
iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid ASPECTS
Section 5: 510(k) Summary
                                   510(k) Summary
                       iSchemaView, Inc.’s Rapid ASPECTS
This document contains the 510(k) summary for the iSchemaView Rapid ASPECTS. The
content of this summary is based on the requirements of 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).
Applicant Name and Address:
      Name:                   iSchemaView, Inc.
       Address:                433 Park Point Drive
                                        Ste. 220
                                  Golden, CO 80401

         Official Contact:          Jim Rosa
                                 Phone: (303) 704-3374
                                   Email: rosa@ischemaview.com

Summary Preparation Date:     May 23, 2020
Device Name and Classification:
       Trade Name:        Rapid ASPECTS
     Common Name:   CADx

        Classification:         II
       Product Code:     POK
       Regulation No:      21 C.F.R. §892.2060
        Classification        Radiology Devices
        Panel:
Predicate Devices:
The iSchemaView Rapid is claimed to be substantially equivalent to the following legally
marketed predicate device:
      QuantX (DEN170022)

Device Description:
Rapid ASPECTS Module
Rapid ASPECTS provides an automatic ASPECT score based on the case input file for the
physician. The score includes which ASPECT regions are identified based on regional imaging
features derived from non-contrast computed tomography (NCCT) brain image data. The results
are generated based on the Alberta Stroke Program Early CT Score (ASPECTS) guidelines and
provided to the clinician for review and verification. At the discretion of the clinician, the scores
may be adjusted based on other clinical factors the clinician may integrate though the Rapid
Platform User Interface.

The ASPECTS software module processing pipeline performs four major tasks:

   •  Orientation and spatial normalization of the input imaging data (rigid
       registration/alignment with anatomical template);

                                 Page 5-1 of 5-10

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid ASPECTS
Section 5: 510(k) Summary
   •  Delineation of pre-defined regions of interest on the normalized input data
      and computing numerical values characterizing underlying voxel values
       within those regions;
   •   Identification and highlighting previous/old stroke areas along with areas of
       early ischemic change; and
   •  Labeling of these delineated regions and providing a summary score
       reflecting the number of regions with early ischemic change as per
     ASPECTS guidelines.

Subsequently, the system notifies the physician of the availability of the ASPECT score which
then requires the confirmation by the physician that a Large Vessel Occlusion (LVO) is detected.
The ASPECTS information is then available for the physician to review and edit prior to pushing
the data to a PACS or Workstation. The final summary score together with the regions selected
and underlying voxel values are then sent to the Picture Archiving and Communication System
(PACS) to become a part of the permanent patient medical record.

Clinical Characteristics
The images generated by Rapid ASPECTS provide additional diagnostic information, which
is derived from the temporal/diffusion/density features of the native CT images. The
following figure provides a general layout of the ASPECTS display image as provided from
Rapid ASPECTS.


                                 Page 5-2 of 5-10

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid ASPECTS
Section 5: 510(k) Summary
Indications for Use:
Rapid ASPECTS is a computer-aided diagnosis (CADx) software device used to assist the clinician in
the assessment and characterization of brain tissue abnormalities using CT image data. The Software
automatically registers images and segments and analyzes ASPECTS Regions of lnterest (ROIs).
Rapid ASPECTS extracts image data for the ROI(s) to provide analysis and computer analytics based
on morphological characteristics. The imaging features are then synthesized by an artificial
intelligence algorithm into a single ASPECT (Alberta Stroke Program Early CT) Score.
Rapid ASPECTS is indicated for evaluation of patients presenting for diagnostic imaging workup with
known MCA or ICA occlusion, for evaluation of extent of disease. Extent of disease refers to the
number of ASPECTS regions affected which is reflected in the total score.

This device provides information that may be useful in the characterization of early ischemic brain
tissue injury during image interpretation (within 6 hours). Rapid ASPECTS provides a comparative
analysis to the ASPECTS standard of care radiologist assessment using the ASPECTS atlas definitions
and atlas display including highlighted ROIs and numerical scoring.

Limitations:
1.  Rapid ASPECTS is not intended for primary interpretation of CT images, it is used to assist
    physician evaluation.
2.  Rapid ASPECTS has been validated in patients with known MCA or ICA Occlusion prior to
  ASPECT scoring.
3. Use of the Rapid ASPECTS Module in clinical settings other than early brain ischemia (within
   6 hours) caused by known ICA or MCA occlusions has not been tested.
4.  Rapid ASPECTS has been validated and is intended to be used on GE Lightspeed VCT Scanners.

Contraindications/Exclusions/Cautions:
• Patient Motion: excessive motion leading to  artifacts  that make the scan  technically
 inadequate.
• Hemorrhagic Transformation, Hematoma
• Very thin or no Ventricles

Technological Characteristics:
Rapid ASPECTS is a machine learning implementation using the processing pipeline below. Rapid
ASPECTS provides an automatic ASPECT score based on the case input file for the physician. The
score includes which ASPECT regions are identified based on regional imaging features derived from
non-contrast computed tomography (NCCT) brain image data based on the random forest machine
learning technique. The results are generated based on the Alberta Stroke Program Early CT Score
(ASPECTS) guidelines and provided to the clinician for review and verification. At the discretion of
the clinician, the scores may be adjusted based on the clinician’s judgment as well as other factors the
clinician may integrate though the Rapid Platform User Interface.

The red box denotes input data (e.g. patient imaging data) which is processing through the PACS and
Rapid platform, the white boxes denote the Rapid ASPECTS architecture which generates analysis
data for output results (Green Boxes) for display to the user


                                 Page 5-3 of 5-10

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid ASPECTS
Section 5: 510(k) Summary
through the Rapid platform UI. The Rapid ASPECTS software module processing pipeline
performs four major tasks:

  ●  Orientation and spatial normalization of the input imaging data (rigid
       registration/alignment with anatomical template);
  ●  Delineation of pre-defined regions of interest on the normalized input data and
      computing numerical values characterizing underlying voxel values within those
       regions;
  ●  Identification and highlighting previous/old stroke areas along with areas of
        early ischemic change; and
  ●  Labeling of these delineated regions and providing a summary score reflecting
       the number of regions with early ischemic change as per ASPECTS guidelines.


                    Rapid ASPECTS Processing Pipeline Architecture

Performance Standards:
Rapid has been developed in conformance with the following standards, as applicable:
   ISO 14971:2019        Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices
   IEC 62304:2015       Medical device software – Software lifecycle processes

   IEC 62366:2015        Application of Usability Engineering to Medical Devices
   NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20    Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)
Performance Data:
Rapid complies with DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine) - Developed
by the American College of Radiology and the National Electrical Manufacturers Association.
NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20.
Additionally, iSchemaView conducted extensive performance validation testing and software
verification and validation testing of the Rapid ASPECTS module both as standalone software
and as integrated within the Rapid Platform. This performance validation testing demonstrated
that the Rapid ASPECTS module provides accurate representation of key processing parameters
under a range of clinically relevant parameters and perturbations associated with the intended use
of the software. Software performance, validation and verification testing demonstrated that the
Rapid ASPECTS module met all design requirements and specifications.

                                 Page 5-4 of 5-10

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid ASPECTS
Section 5: 510(k) Summary
The reader study design was a concurrent read, cross-over study design with 50 cases with each
of 10 regions scored independently. Data truthing was performed by three experts. Eight readers
were used to represent the intended use population.
Performance was independently tested against expert neuroradiologist readers and indicated that
a wide range of readers (neurologists, radiologists, emergency medicine, neurocritical care
specialists) benefited from the Rapid ASPECTS and significantly increased their agreement with
an expert consensus read when considering all ASPECTS regions in all patients evaluated
(P<0.0001). With Rapid ASPECTS readers agreed, on average, with almost ½ a region
0.425 (95% CI 0.11 – 0.74) more per scan than without Rapid ASPECTS. Use of Rapid
ASPECTS led to non-neuroradiologists to improve their level of agreement from 73.6% to
79.8% which is comparable to the agreement achieved by expert neuroradiologist readers with
each other.

Prescriptive Statement:

Caution: Federal law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.

Safety & Effectiveness:

Rapid ASPECTS has been designed, verified and validated in compliance with 21 CFR, Part
820.30 requirements. The device has been designed to meet the requirements associated with EN
ISO 14971:2019 (risk management). The Rapid ASPECTS performance has been validated using
digital phantoms, retrospective data from case data and through the use of Reader comparison
analysis.

Substantial Equivalence:
QuantX (DEN170022) under regulation 21 C.F.R. §892.2060 CADx is the predicate device for
Rapid ASPECTS. While the disease/clinical use is different, the generic definition of CADx
provides substantial equivalence between the two devices. The QuantX and Rapid ASPECTS
assist the radiologists (clinicians) in the assessment and characterization of morphological
features of their respective focus areas using imaging data. The software in both, registers,
segments and analyzes regions of interest (ROI) to provide computer analytics. The
identified/extracted features are then synthesized by artificial intelligence algorithms into clinical
reference scores. Both devices provide localization information: the QuantX based on a database
of abnormalities with known ground truth; Rapid ASPECTS based on the ASPECTS Atlas
regions. The features are compared in the following table, as well as the Risk Benefit Analysis
in the next paragraph is comparative to the predicate:


                                 Page 5-5 of 5-10

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid ASPECTS
Section 5: 510(k) Summary


                                    Substantial Equivalence Table

  Comparison Feature   QuantX (DEN170022)            Rapid ASPECTS

   Indications for Use    QuantX is a computer-aided       Rapid ASPECTS is a computerdiagnosis (CADx) software         aided diagnosis (CADx) software
                         device used to assist radiologists    device used to assist the clinician in
                           in the assessment and               the assessment and characterization
                           characterization of breast           of brain tissue abnormalities using
                          abnormalities using MR image    CT image data. The Software
                            data. The software automatically    automatically registers images and
                             registers images and segments      segments and analyzes ASPECTS
                      and analyzes user-selected         Regions of Interest (ROIs). Rapid
                         regions of interest (ROI). QuantX  ASPECTS extracts image data for
                            extracts image data from the ROI   the ROI(s) to provide analysis and
                           to provide volumetric analysis     computer analytics based on
                      and computer analytics based on    morphological characteristics. The
                        morphological and enhancement    imaging features are then
                             characteristics. These imaging (or   synthesized by an artificial
                         radiomic) features are then          intelligence algorithm into a single
                         synthesized by an artificial      ASPECT (Alberta Stroke Program
                           intelligence algorithm into a        Early CT) Score.
                           single                                                     Rapid ASPECTS is indicated for
                                                             evaluation of patients presenting for                           value, the QI score, which is
                                                              diagnostic imaging workup, or                        analyzed relative to a database of
                                                             evaluation of extent of disease.                          reference abnormalities with
                                                          Extent of disease refers to the
                    known ground truth.
                                                  number of ASPECTS regions
                                                               affected which is reflected in the                    QuantX is indicated for
                                                                       total score.                          evaluation of patients presenting
                            for high-risk screening, diagnostic  This device provides information
                       imaging workup, or evaluation of   that may be useful in the
                          extent of known disease. Extent     characterization of early ischemic
                          of known disease refers to both     brain tissue injury during image
                          the assessment of the boundary of   interpretation. Rapid ASPECTS
                        a particular abnormality as well as  provides a comparative analysis to
                          the assessment of the total disease   the ASPECTS standard of care
                       burden in a particular patient. In     radiologist assessment using the
                          cases where multiple          ASPECTS atlas definitions and
                          abnormalities are present, QuantX   atlas display including highlighted
                       can be used to assess each        ROIs and numerical scoring.
                        abnormality independently.         Limitations:
                                                                    1. Rapid ASPECTS is not intended
                        This device provides information    for primary interpretation of CT
                             that may be useful in the           images.  It is used to assist physician
                           characterization of breast            evaluation.
                          abnormalities during image
                                                                    2. Rapid ASPECTS has been                             interpretation. For the QI score
                                                              validated in patients with known                      and component radiomic features,
                                 MCA or ICA occlusion prior to                          the QuantX device provides
                                         ASPECT scoring.                        comparative analysis to lesions

                                 Page 5-6 of 5-10

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid ASPECTS
Section 5: 510(k) Summary

                                    Substantial Equivalence Table

  Comparison Feature   QuantX (DEN170022)            Rapid ASPECTS
                        with known outcomes using an      3. Use of the Rapid ASPECTS
                      image atlas and histogram display  Module in clinical settings other than
                          format.                             early brain ischemia (within 6 hours)
                                                        caused by known ICA or MCA
                    QuantX may also be used as an     occlusions has not been tested.
                      image viewer of multi-modality
                                                                    4. Rapid ASPECTS has been                             digital images, including
                                                              validated and is intended to be used                         ultrasound and mammography.
                     The software also includes tools    on GE Lightspeed VCT Scanners.
                             that allow users to measure and
                      document images, and output in a
                           structured report.                   Contraindications/Exclusions/Cautio
                                                                 ns:
                          Limitations: QuantX is not
                         intended for primary                 • Patient Motion: excessive motion
                                                              leading to artifacts that make the                            interpretation of digital
                                                           scan technically inadequate.                   mammography images.
                                                                   • Hemorrhagic Transformation,
                                                Hematoma
                                                                   • Very thin or no Ventricles

   Clinical              Cancer Lesion Detection/Breast    Stroke/Head
   Application/Anatomi
   cal Region

   Standard of Care     QI Scoring                ASPECT Scoring
   Representation

   Primary Imaging   MR                    CT
   Modalities

   Technical            ML/AI/Neural Network         ML/AI/Random Forest
   Implementation

  Image Overlay      ROI box                  ASPECTS Atlas ROIs, highlighted
                                                   by algorithms.

   Primary User(s)       Radiologist                         Neuroradiologist/Clinician

   Alteration of original  No                      No
  image data base

   Alters Standard of     In parallel to                       In parallel to
   Care Workflow


                                 Page 5-7 of 5-10

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid ASPECTS
Section 5: 510(k) Summary
Risk Benefit Analysis:

                                Risk Benefit Summary
    Summary of Benefits:    This device provides a systematic, automated analysis of
                   NCCT scans of the head to provide a standardized, automated
                     ASPECT score for Stroke workup. The clinical reader study,
                          which included 2 expert neuroradiologists and 6 non-expert
                                 typical readers demonstrated a statistically significant
                          improvement in the accuracy of the 8 readers’ scores when
                               scoring was performed in conjunction with the Rapid
                     ASPECTS output. In a subgroup analysis, the benefit of the
                              software was most substantial among the non-neuroradiologist
                               readers which typically evaluate CT scans in community
                                 hospitals and primary stroke centers. These non-expert
                               readers also evaluate CT scans in comprehensive centers,
                                 particularly in the acute setting, when expert neuroradiologists
                               are not immediately available. The software allows the nonexpert physician to perform at the expert-like level. Use of the
                            system did not appear to have any significant impact (either
                                positive or negative) on the scores of the 2 expert
                               neuroradiologists who were included in the test reader group.
                              Overall this system should provide a more consistent and
                              timely benefit of standardized reads regardless of physician
                           and center specialty.

    Summary of the Risks   There are minimal potential risks associated with the use of
                               the device.

                                  Incorrect scoring which may result in false positive
                                    results and result to incorrect patient management with
                                 possible adverse effects such as, unnecessary additional
                              medical imaging and/or unnecessary additional
                                 diagnostic workup.
                                  Incorrect scoring which may result in false negative
                                    results may lead to complications, including incorrect
                                diagnosis and delay in disease management.

                          The device could be misused to analyze images from an
                              unintended patient population or on images acquired
                               with incompatible imaging hardware or incompatible
                            image acquisition parameters, leading to inappropriate
                                 diagnostic information being displayed to the user.

                                 Device failure could lead to the absence of results, delay of
                                        results or incorrect results, which could likewise lead to
                                    inaccurate patient assessment.

                             However, based on the performance data and the
                                  application of mitigating measures (general controls and
                                   special controls established for this device type), use of

                                 Page 5-8 of 5-10

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid ASPECTS
Section 5: 510(k) Summary

                                Risk Benefit Summary

                                 the device is unlikely to decrease diagnostic
                              performance of the user and possible misuse of the
                               device does not present additional risks compared with
                             misuse of other types of radiological image processing
                                  devices.
    Summary of other      The study was enriched to cover the range of ASPECT scores;
      Factors                  and, the readers in practice may not experience a significant
                          improvement in determining ASPECTS.

      Conclusions: Do the     Yes. The probable benefits outweigh the probable risks, given
     probable benefits        the combination of required general controls and the special
     outweigh the probable   controls established for this device. The Special Controls
       risks.                    will sufficiently assist in managing risks associated with
                               incorrect brain tissue characterization determining
                    ASPECT scoring, application of the device results to the
                        wrong patient population, analysis of incompatible images,
                             and/or device failure by ensuring proper performance and
                            use of the device

                      By providing a systematic, automated analysis of NCCT scans
                               of the head to provide a standardized, automated ASPECT
                              score for Stroke workup. The Rapid ASPECTS analytics
                                 calculates morphological characteristics of brain tissue using
                               the historical training data and providing results which the
                               attending physician may evaluate and modify based on other
                               presenting conditions of the patient. In addition to the Rapid
                     ASPECTS clinical module, other clinical information is easily
                                accessible within the Rapid System framework such as CTA
                           and CTP to inform the clinical decision-making process.

                         The clinical reader study demonstrates a statistically
                                 significant improvement of ASPECTS reads among a diverse
                           sample of 8 typical readers representing multiple specialties,
                              years of practice, and practice settings.
                      By using a gating condition of LVO determination to guide
                     ASPECTS use, many of the risks of stroke mimics
                            confounding the scoring will be averted.

                              Overall this system should provide a more consistent and
                              timely benefit of standardized reads regardless of physician
                           and center specialty. Therefore, given the available
                            information concerning the benefits, risks, and supporting
                                data; the probable benefits outweigh the probable risks,
                            given the combination of required general controls and
                               special controls established for this device.


                                 Page 5-9 of 5-10

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid ASPECTS
Section 5: 510(k) Summary
 Conclusion:
The Rapid ASPECTS and the predicate device are intended to aid in the assessment of specific
disease states using standard of care scoring using machine learning/artificial intelligence
algorithms. The devices use ROI based assessments. The Rapid ASPECTS ROIs are based on
an ASPECTS defined atlas; the Quantx ROI is selected by the user. Both devices are SaMD’s
with similar algorithm development approaches using variants of artificial intelligence
implementations. Both devices analyze imaging modalities to highlight morphological and
feature differences. While the clinical focus of the two devices are different, the approaches
undertaken generically fit within the CADx designation.

The company proposes the Rapid ASPECTS is substantially equivalent to the QuantX predicate.


                                 Page 5-10 of 5-10