NiCo-Lab B.V.                                                   November 20, 2020
℅ Roujuan Zhang
Consultant
MD Squared B.V.
High Tech Campus 29
Eindhoven, 5858AE
NETHERLANDS

Re: K200873
    Trade/Device Name: HALO
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: October 1, 2020
    Received: October 5, 2020

Dear Roujuan Zhang:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K200873 - Roujuan Zhang                                                              Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K200873

Device Name
HALO


Indications for Use (Describe)
HALO is a notification only cloud-based image processing software application using artificial intelligence algorithms to
analyze patient imaging data in parallel to the standard of care imaging interpretation. Its intended use is to identify
suggestive imaging patterns of a pre-specified clinical condition and to directly notify an appropriate medical specialist.

HALO’s indication is to facilitate the evaluation of the brain vasculature on patients suspected of stroke by processing and
analyzing contrast enhanced CT angiograms of the brain acquired in an acute setting. After completion of the data
analysis, HALO sends a notification if a pattern suggestive for a suspected intracranial Large Vessel Occlusion (LVO) of
the anterior circulation (ICA, M1 or M2) has been identified in an image.

The intended users of HALO are defined as appropriate medical specialists or a team of specialists that are involved in the
diagnosis and care of stroke patients at emergency departments or other department where stroke patients are
administered. They include physicians such as neurologists, radiologists, and/or other emergency department physicians.

HALO’s output should not be used for primary diagnosis or clinical decisions; the final diagnosis is always decided upon
by the medical specialist. HALO is indicated for CT scanners from GE Healthcare.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K200873


                        510(k) Summary


Date Prepared:     March 27, 2020

Manufacturer:     NICo-Lab B.V.
                   Paasheuvelweg 25, 1105BP, Amsterdam
                 The Netherlands

Contact Person:    Merel Boers
             CEO
                   Phone: +31202440852
                     E-mail: mboers@nico-lab.com

Device:            Trade Name:         HALO
                       Classification Name:      Radiological Computer-Assissted Triage and
                                                     Notification Software
                       Classification           21 CFR 892.2080
                     Regulation:
                       Classification Panel:      Radiology
                   Device Class:             Class II
                    Primary Product Code:   QAS

Primary Predicate  Trade Name:           ContaCT
Device:             Manufacturer:             Viz.Al, Inc.
                DeNovo Clearance:      DEN170073
                       Classification Name:      Radiological Computer-Assissted Triage and
                                                     Notification Software
                       Classification           21 CFR 892.2080
                     Regulation:
                       Classification Panel:      Radiology
                   Device Class:              Class II
                    Product Code:         QAS

Device description:
             HALO is a notification only, cloud-based clinical support tool which
                        identifies image features and communicates the analysis results to a
                        specialist in parallel to the standard of care workflow.

             HALO is designed to process CT angiograms of the brain and facilitate
                      evaluation of these images using artificial intelligence to detect patterns
                     suggestive of an intracranial large vessel occlusion (LVO) of the anterior
                        circulation.

            A copy of the original CTA images is sent to HALO cloud servers for
                     automatic image processing. After analyzing the images, HALO sends a
                       notification regarding a suspected finding to a specialist, recommending
                    review of these images. The specialist can review the results remotely in a
                    compatible DICOM web viewer.


Indications for Use: HALO is a notification only cloud-based image processing software
                      application using artificial intelligence algorithms to analyze patient
                   imaging data in parallel to the standard of care imaging interpretation. Its
                     intended use is to identify suggestive imaging patterns of a pre-specified
                        clinical condition and to directly notify an appropriate medical specialist.

               HALO’s indication is to facilitate the evaluation of the brain vasculature
                  on patients suspected of stroke by processing and analyzing CT
                   angiograms of the brain acquired in an acute setting. After completion of
                      the data analysis, HALO sends a notification if a pattern suggestive for a
                     suspected intracranial Large Vessel Occlusion (LVO) of the anterior
                       circulation (ICA, M1 or M2) has been identified in an image.

                 The intended users of HALO are defined as medical specialists or a team
                      of specialists that are involved in the diagnosis and care of stroke patients
                         at emergency departments or other department where stroke patients are
                      administered. They include physicians such as neurologists, radiologists,
                     and/or other emergency department physicians.

               HALO’s output should not be used for primary diagnosis or clinical
                      decisions; the final diagnosis is always decided upon by the medical
                         specialist. HALO is indicated for CT scanners from GE Healthcare.

Technological       Both HALO and the predicate device ContaCT are intended as a
characteristics:                       notification-only, parallel workflow tool to identify and communicate

images of specific patients to a specialist, independent of standard of care
workflow. After completion of the data analysis, both devices send a
notification if a pattern suggestive for a suspected Large Vessel
Occlusion (LVO) has been identified in the dataset.

The technological characteristic of HALO and how it is comparable to the
currently marketed and predicate device ContaCT are summarized below.

                           Predicate: ContaCT      Subject: HALO
 Clinical condition     Large vessel           Large vessel
                         occlusion              occlusion
 Anatomical region of  Head               Head
 interest
 Data acquisition     CT angiogram images  CT angiogram images
 protocol               of the brain             of the brain
 Segmentation of      No; device does not    No; device does not
 region of interest      mark, highlight, or     mark, highlight, or
                            direct users’ attention    direct users’ attention
                           to a specific location    to a specific location
                           in the original image.    in the original image.
 Core Algorithm         Artificial intelligence    Artificial intelligence
                        algorithm with         algorithm with
                        database of images      database of images
 Device Output/       The software sends a   The software sends a
                           notification to the        notification email to
 Notification                            specialist identifying    the specialist
                          the study of interest.     identifying the study
                          Additionally, the        of interest.
                        device also provides a   Additionally, the
                DICOM viewing       device provides user
                       mobile application      with a link to DICOM
                        allow users preview   Web viewer allowing
                          the images.             users review the
                                              images.
 Triage effectiveness    Notification time is      Notification time is
                        defined as the time      defined as the time
                      from CTA to          from CTA to
                            notification.              notification.
 Independent of      No cases are removed  No cases are removed
 standard of care      from worklist         from worklist
 workflow

Based on the information provided above, non-clinical and clinical
performance tests provided in this 510(k) premarket notification
demonstrate the proposed HALO is considered substantially equivalent to

its predicate device ContaCT in terms of fundamental scientific
                     technology.


Summary of Non-    Non-Clinical software testing has been performed in accordance with the
Clinical Performance                   “Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff – Guidance for the Content of
Data:
                   Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”
                      (issued May 11, 2005, document number 337) and “Content of Premarket
                    Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices”
                      (issued October 2, 2014, document number 1825).

                     All these tests were used to support substantial equivalence of the subject
                     device and demonstrate that the performance of HALO is according to
                     predefined user requirements, system level requirements and the risk
                      control measures. The device meets the acceptance criteria and is adequate
                       for its intended use.


Summary of Clinical  In a multi-center clinical study, the performance of the HALO clinical
Performance Data:                      decision support algorithm for LVO detection was retrospectively
                     evaluated in a consecutive patient cohort admitted to US comprehensive
                      stroke centers.


                     Three hundred forty-eight CTA scans of the brain were collected. After exclusion,
                    364 patients were included for further analyses. Ground truth was established by
                     an expert panel consisting of 3 neuro radiologists.

                   For the primary endpoint: calculation of the performance of the HALO
                     algorithm showed a sensitivity and specificity for LVO detection of
                      respectively 91.1% (95% CI, 86.0%-94.8%) and 87.0% (95% CI, 81.2%-
                    91.5%). The area under the curve (AUC) is 0.97.

                     For the secondary endpoints the median notification time for the detected LVO
                       cases was 4 minutes 31 seconds, with a minimum of 3:47 and maximal 7:12.

                 The HALO performance with regard to sensitivity and specificity, and the
                       notification time are both equivalent to that of the selected predicate
                      device: ContaCT of Viz.AI.

                     Therefore, the HALO algorithm fulfills the requirement of a suitable
                     screening tool to support diagnosis of LVOs by flagging these scans as
                      requiring urgent radiologist review.

Substantial         The non-clinical and clinical performance tests provided in this 510(k)
Equivalence                    premarket notification demonstrate HALO is substantially equivalence to
Conclusion:
                      the currently marketed predicate device ContaCT (DEN 170073) in terms
                      of indications for use, technological characteristics and safety and
                       effectiveness. The differences between the subject device and predicate
                     device do not alter the triage use of the device and do not affect its safety
                   and effectiveness.