Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                     July 16, 2020
℅ Flair Bar
VP Operations
Shefayim Commercial Center,
P.O. Box 25
Shefayim, 6099000
ISRAEL

Re: K200905
    Trade/Device Name: HealthMammo
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QFM
    Dated: June 17, 2020
    Received: June 22, 2020

Dear Flair Bar:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K200905 - Flair Bar                                                                   Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K200905
Device Name
HealthMammo
Indications for Use (Describe)
The Zebra HealthMammo is a passive notification for prioritization-only, parallel-workflow software tool used by
MQSA-qualified interpreting physicians to prioritize patients with suspicious findings in the medical care environment.
HealthMammo utilizes an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze 2D FFDM screening mammograms and flags those
that are suggestive of the presence of at least one suspicious finding at the exam-level. HealthMammo produces an examlevel output to a PACS/Workstation for flagging the suspicious case and allows worklist prioritization.
MQSA-qualified interpreting physicians are responsible for reviewing each exam on a display approved for use in
mammography according to the current standard of care. HealthMammo device is limited to the categorization of exams,
does not provide any diagnostic information beyond triage and prioritization, does not remove images from the
interpreting physician’s worklist, and should not be used in lieu of full patient evaluation, or relied upon to make or
confirm diagnosis.
The HealthMammo device is intended for use with complete 2D FFDM mammography exams acquired using validated
FFDM systems only.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

5. 510 (k) Summary

                         510(K) Summary - HealthMammo
                           Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.

                              510(k) Number – K200905


     I.     Applicant’s Name:     Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.
                               Shefayim Commercial Center
                       PO Box 25
                                 Shefayim, 6099000
                         ISRAEL
                                 Telephone: +972-9-8827795
                                  Fax: +972-9-8827795

         Date Prepared:  July 13, 2020

    II.    Device

         Trade Name:   HealthMammo

           Classification Name:
       QFM - Radiological Computer-Assisted Prioritization Software

          Regulation Number:
          892.2080

            Classification:
           Class II, Radiology


     III.    Predicate Device:
The HealthMammo device is substantially equivalent to the following device:

 Proprietary Name       CmTriage
 Premarket Notification   K183285
 Classification Name      Radiological Computer-Assisted Prioritization Software
 Regulation Number      21 CFR 892.2080
 Product Code       QFM
 Regulatory Class            II


   IV.   Device Description

Zebra’s HealthMammo solution is a software product that automatically analyzes 2D FFDM
screening mammograms and notifies PACS/workstation of the presence of suspicious findings in

Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                                  5-1

the scan. This passive-notification allows for worklist prioritization of the specific scan and assists
clinicians in viewing prioritized scans before others. The device aim is to aid in prioritization and
triage of radiological medical images only. It is a software tool for MQSA interpreting physicians
reading mammograms and does not replace complete evaluation according to the standard of care.

The Zebra’s HealthMammo device works in parallel to and in conjunction with the standard care
of workflow. After a mammogram has been performed, a copy of the study is automatically
retrieved and processed by the HealthMammo device. The device performs the analysis of the
study and returns a notification about suspected finding to the PACS/workstation which flags it
through the worklist interface or alternatively, the Zebra Worklist will notify the user through a
desktop application. The clinician is then able to review the study earlier than in standard of care
workflow.

The primary benefit of the product is the ability to reduce the time it takes to alert physicians to
the presence of a suspicious finding. The software does not recommend treatment or provide a
diagnosis. It is meant as a tool to assist in improved workload prioritization of suspicious cases.
The final diagnosis is provided by a clinician after reviewing the scan itself..

The following modules compose the HealthMammo software:

Data input and validation: Following retrieval of a study, the validation feature assessed the
input data (i.e. age, modality, view) to ensure compatibility for processing by the algorithm.
HealthMammo algorithm: Once a study has been validated, the algorithm analyzes the 2D
FFDM screening mammogram for detection of suspected findings.
IMA Integration feature: The study analysis and the results of a successful study analysis is
provided to IMA, to then be sent to the PACS/workstation for prioritization.
Error codes feature: In the case of a study failure during data validation or the analysis by the
algorithm, an error is provided to the system.

    V.    Intended Use/Indication for Use:
The Zebra HealthMammo  is a passive notification for prioritization-only, parallel-workflow
software  tool used by MQSA-qualified  interpreting physicians  to  prioritize  patients with
suspicious  findings  in  the medical care environment. HealthMammo  utilizes an  artificial
intelligence algorithm to analyze 2D FFDM screening mammograms and flags those that are
suggestive of the presence of at least one suspicious finding at the exam-level. HealthMammo
produces an exam-level output to a PACS/Workstation for flagging the suspicious case and allows
worklist prioritization.

MQSA-qualified interpreting physicians are responsible for reviewing each exam on a display
approved for use in mammography according to the current standard of care. HealthMammo
device is limited to the categorization of exams, does not provide any diagnostic information
beyond triage and prioritization, does not remove images from the interpreting physician’s


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                                  5-2

worklist, and should not be used in lieu of full patient evaluation, or relied upon to make or confirm
diagnosis.

The HealthMammo device is intended for use with complete 2D FFDM mammography exams
acquired using validated FFDM systems only.

   VI.    Technological Characteristics Compared to Predicate Device:

The technological characteristics, e.g., overall design, mechanism of action, mode of operation,
performance  characteristics,  etc., and  the intended use of  the HealthMammo device  are
substantially equivalent to the predicate device cited above.
A comparison of the technological characteristics with the predicate is summarized below.


 Technological              Proposed Device                 Predicate Device           Summary
 Characteristics           HealthMammo             cmTriage (K183285)


  Indication for        The Zebra HealthMammo is a    cmTriage is a passive notification   Same
 Use/Intended Use      passive notification for             for prioritization-only, parallelprioritization-only, parallel-      workflow software tool used by
                      workflow software tool used by    radiologists to prioritize specific
                      MQSA-qualified interpreting      patients within the standard-ofphysicians to prioritize patients    care image worklist for 2D FFDM
                        with suspicious findings in the     screening mammograms.
                       medical care environment.       cmTriage uses an artificial
                   HealthMammo utilizes an          intelligence algorithm to analyze
                               artificial intelligence algorithm   2D FFDM screening
                           to analyze 2D FFDM screening   mammograms and flags those that
                  mammograms and flags those     are suggestive of the presence of
                            that are suggestive of the           at least one suspicious finding at
                        presence of at least one            the exam level. These flags are
                         suspicious finding at the exam-   viewed by the radiologist via their
                             level. HealthMammo produces     Picture Archiving and
                      an exam-level output to a        Communication System (PACS)
                      PACS/Workstation for flagging    worklist. The decision to use
                          the suspicious case and allows    cmTriage codes and how to use
                          worklist prioritization. MQSA-    cmTriage codes is ultimately up
                           qualified interpreting physicians   to the radiologist. cmTriage does
                          are responsible for reviewing      not send a proactive alert directly
                       each exam on a display            to the radiologist. Radiologists are
                      approved for use in               responsible for reviewing each
                   mammography according to the   exam on a diagnostic viewer
                          current standard of care.          according to the current standard
                   HealthMammo device is limited   of care. cmTriage is limited to the
                           to the categorization of exams,     categorization of exams, does not
                       does not provide any diagnostic   provide any diagnostic
                        information beyond triage and     information beyond triage and
                             prioritization, does not remove     prioritization, does not remove
                      images from the interpreting      images from the radiologist’s
                         physician’s worklist, and should   worklist, and should not be used
                         not be used in lieu of full patient   in lieu of full patient evaluation,
                          evaluation, or relied upon to       or relied upon to make or confirm

Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                                  5-3

make or confirm diagnosis. The    diagnosis. cmTriage is for
                   HealthMammo device is           prescription use only.
                        intended for use with complete
                 2D FFDM mammography
                    exams acquired using validated
               FFDM systems only.

  Notification-only,     Yes                        Yes                        Same
  parallel workflow
  tool
 User                    Interpreting physician             Radiologist                   Same

  Identify patients with  Yes                        Yes                        Same
  prespecified
  clinical condition
  Alert to finding        Yes; passive notification         Yes; passive notification flagged   Same
                        flagged for review                  for review
 Independent of        Yes; No cases are removed from  Yes; No cases are removed from   Same
 standard of care        worklist                           worklist
 workflow
 Modality         FFDM screening mammograms  FFDM screening mammograms    Same


 FFDM manufacturer   Hologic                      Vendor agnostic                     Different, the
                                                                                                 subject device
                                                                                             processes 2D
                                                          FFDM scans
                                                                                            acquired by
                                                                                      Hologic systems,
                                                                                         while the predicate
                                                                                           device may receive
                                                                                          scans acquired from
                                                                                                       alternative vendors.
 Body part              Breast                           Breast                      Same


  Artificial Intelligence  Yes                        Yes                        Same
 algorithm


 Limited to analysis of  Yes                        Yes                        Same
 imaging data


  Inclusion Criteria        - 2D FFDM screening              - 2D FFDM screening          Same
                    mammograms               mammograms
                               -  Biopsy proven cancer studies    -  Biopsy proven cancer studies
                               (soft tissues and micro-             (soft tissues and microcalcifications)                      calcifications)
                               - BIRADS 1 and 2 normal         - BIRADS 1 and 2 normal cases
                           cases with 2 year follow-up       with 2 year follow-up
                         Studies with 4 standard views     Studies with 4 standard views
                     (LCC, LMLO, RCC, RMLO)     (LCC, LMLO, RCC, RMLO)
 Exclusion Criteria        - Studies that do not include all    - Studies that do not include all 4   Same
                       4 views                        views


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                                  5-4

- Digital Breast tomosynthesis     - Digital Breast tomosynthesis
                            studies                             studies
                               - 3D studies                           - 3D studies
                         Studies that do not comply with   Studies that do not comply with
                          the inclusion criteria               the inclusion criteria
 Aids prompt         Yes                        Yes                        Same
  identification of
 cases with indicated
  findings
 Multiple operating     Yes; 3 optional operating points   No; single operating point           Different,
  points                                                                  HealthMammo
                                                                                            provides an
                                                                                                   additional 2
                                                                                              operating points.
                                                                                     Performance
                                                                                        complies with DEN
                                                                               170073 Special
                                                                                                  control 1(iii).
 Preview Images        Presentation of notification and    Presentation of notification and    Same
                       preview of the study for initial    preview of the study for initial
                       assessment not meant for         assessment not meant for
                         diagnostic purposes. The device   diagnostic purposes. The device
                         operates in parallel with the       operates in parallel with the
                         standard of care, which remains   standard of care, which remains
                          the default option for all cases.     the default option for all cases.

 Where results are     PACS / Workstation          PACS / Workstation            Same
 received

   VII.  Performance Data:

Safety and performance of HealthMammo has been evaluated and verified in accordance with
software specifications and applicable performance standards through Software Development and
Validation & Verification Process to ensure performance according to specifications, User
Requirements and Federal Regulations and Guidance documents, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”.

The performance of the HealthMammo device has been validated in a performance study for triage
of 2D FFDM screening mammogram cases. The data included a retrospective cohort of 835
anonymized 2D FFDM screening mammograms from the USA, UK, and Israel, including 435
cases positive with biopsy confirmed cancers and 400 cases negative for breast cancer (BIRADS1
and BIRADS2 with a two-year follow up of a negative diagnosis), as well as confounding
variables.

The test set was constructed to ensure that confounding factors present in the population were
addressed in the data and consistent with the population of women undergoing breast cancer
screening. Confounding factors that were considered include: 1) Lesion Type; 2) Breast Density


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                                  5-5

3) Age; and 4) Histology Type. The stand-alone detection and triage accuracy was measured on
this cohort versus the ground truth.

The HealthMammo device detection accuracy was validated for three different operating points
and met the prespecified performance goals for accuracy in terms of the AUC as well as sensitivity,
and  specificity for  all defined operating  points.  Overall, the HealthMammo was able  to
demonstrate an area under the ROC curve (AUC) of 0.9661 (95% CI: [0.9552, 0.9769]), which is
comparable with the predicate device, and exceeds the required technical method under the QFM
product code for effective triage with an AUC >95%.

Sensitivity and Specificity goals were set based on the performance in the Breast Cancer
Surveillance Consortium (BCSC) study and compared to the performance of the predicate device,
CmTriage (K183285). The “standard mode,” “high specificity,” and “high sensitivity” operating
points correspond to the reported human performance in the BCSC study, and are also established
by the predicate device.

Sensitivity and specificity of the HealthMammo was reported for the three operating points, all of
which met their performance goals. The  first operating point, “standard mode,” reported a
sensitivity of 89.89% (95% CI: [86.69%;92.38%]) and a specificity of 90.75% (95% CI:
[87.51%;93.21%]). The second operating point, “high sensitivity” reported a sensitivity of 94.02%
(95% CI: [91.39%;95.89%]) and a specificity of 83.50% (95% CI: [79.55%;86.82%]). The “high
specificity” operating point, reported a sensitivity of 84.14% (95% CI: [80.41%;87.27%]) and a
specificity of 94.00% (95% CI: [91.23%;95.94%]). These three operating points demonstrated
good performance compared with the standard of care reported in the BCSC study, and were found
substantially equivalent to the predicate device (K183285).

Furthermore, we assessed the processing time of the HealthMammo which reflects the time it takes
for the device to analyze the study and send a notification to the worklist. The average processing
time of the HealthMammo was 2.9 minutes, a timing that is substantially equivalent to the
predicate.

   VIII.  Conclusion

The subject HealthMammo device and the CmTriage predicate device (K183285) are both
software-only devices intended to aid in triage of radiological images, within the standard of care
workflow. The labeling of both devices are limited to the categorization of exams and are not to
be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm diagnosis.

Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not
change the original image, and do not remove cases from the standard of care. The minor
differences between the subject device and the predicate raise no new issues of safety or
effectiveness. In addition, performance testing demonstrates that the HealthMammo performs as


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                                  5-6

———«_ W zebra

intended. The HealthMammo device is therefore substantially equivalent to the CmTriage
predicate.

Zebra Medical Vision Ltd 5-7