Caption Health                                                                July 22, 2020
℅ Mr. Sam Surette
Head of RA/QA
2000 Sierra Point Pkwy, 8th Floor
BRISBANE CA 94005

Re: K200621
    Trade/Device Name: Caption Interpretation Automated Ejection Fraction Software
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: June 24, 2020
    Received: June 24, 2020

Dear Mr. Surette:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K200621 – Mr. Sam Surette                                                             Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                        Food and Drug Administration                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                                                                     See PRA Statement below                  Indications for Use
510(k) Number (if known)

K200621
Device Name

Caption Interpretation Automated Ejection Fraction Software
Indications for Use (Describe)

The Caption Interpretation Automated Ejection Fraction software is used to process previously acquired
transthoracic cardiac ultrasound images, to store images, and to manipulate and make measurements on
images using an ultrasound device, personal computer, or a compatible DICOM-compliant PACS system in
order to provide automated estimation of left ventricular ejection fraction. This measurement can be used to
assist the clinician in a cardiac evaluation.

The Caption Interpretation Automated Ejection Fraction Software is indicated for use in adult patients.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                         Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)              ☒Prescription                  ☐
                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including
          the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and
         complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
          other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

                                       Department of Health and Human
                                           Services Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


                                                                                               47

510(k) SUMMARY
                                      K200621
                                     Caption Health Inc.’s

                   Caption Interpretation Automated Ejection Fraction Software


Submitter’s Name, Address, Telephone Number, Contact Person


Caption Health, Inc.
2000 Sierra Point Parkway, 8th Floor
Brisbane, CA 94005


Contact Person: Sam Surette, Head of RA/QA


Phone: 415 671 4711
email: sam@captionhealth.com


Date Prepared: June 24, 2020


Name of Device


    Common or Usual Name: Picture Archival and Communications Systems Workstation


      Proprietary Name: Caption Interpretation Automated Ejection Fraction Software


       Classification Name: 21 CFR § 892.2050


      Regulatory Class: II


      Product Code: QIH, Automated Radiological Image Processing Software


Predicate Device


Bay Labs, Inc. EchoMD Automated Ejection Fraction Software (K173780)


Device Description

The Caption Interpretation Automated Ejection Fraction Software applies machine learning algorithms
to process echocardiography images in order to calculate left ventricular ejection fraction. Caption
Interpretation AutoEF performs left ventricular ejection fraction measurements using the apical four
chamber, apical two chamber or parasternal long-axis cardiac ultrasound views or a combination of
those views. The software selects the image clips to be used, performs the AutoEF calculation, and
forwards the results to the desired destination for clinician viewing. The output of the program is the

Ejection Fraction estimate stated as a percentage, along with an indications of confidence regarding that
estimate.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

The Caption Interpretation Automated Ejection Fraction software is used to process previously acquired
transthoracic cardiac ultrasound images, to store images, and to manipulate and make measurements
on images using an ultrasound device, personal computer, or a compatible DICOM-compliant PACS
system in order to provide automated estimation of left ventricular ejection fraction. This measurement
can be used to assist the clinician in a cardiac evaluation.


The Caption Interpretation Automated Ejection Fraction Software is indicated for use in adult patients.


The intended use/indications for use statement has been slightly updated compared to the predicate
device in order to acknowledge that the software may be located on an ultrasound device in addition to
personal computer or PACS system. This minor adjustment in indications for use does not alter the
intended use of the product and is substantially equivalent to the predicate.


Summary of Technological Characteristics

The Caption Interpretation Automated Ejection Fraction Software is an updated version of the predicate
device and features very similar technological characteristics. Both products use machine learning
algorithms to select clips from those available and for producing an estimation of ejection fraction.
Caption Interpretation AutoEF can estimate ejection fraction from a wider range of views, and minor
modifications have been made to the methodology for selecting clips. The algorithms for estimating
ejection fraction have been further optimized though additional training. None of the differences raise
different questions of safety or effectiveness and available data demonstrate that Caption
Interpretation performs in a substantially equivalent manner.

Performance Data

The Caption Interpretation Automated Ejection Fraction Software was developed and tested in
accordance with Caption Health’s Design Control processes and has been subjected to extensive safety
and performance testing. Software verification and validation test results established that the device
meets its design requirements and intended use. Specifically, software verification was conducted at
unit, module, and system integration levels. Extensive algorithm development and software verification
testing assessed the performance of the software’s image video clip selection function, performance
characteristics of the algorithm including AutoEF accuracy, risk management, and overall functional
performance. Images and cases used for verification testing were carefully separated from training
algorithms.


In addition, AutoEF has undergone multiple tests and studies to demonstrate the acceptable
performance. A Clip Annotator study verified the ability of the software to receive, annotate and select
clips for interpretation by the AutoEF Calculation Service. Results of the Clip Annotator were compared

to evaluation by a panel of expert readers. That study met the pre-defined acceptance criteria and
found that the observed PPV point estimates for the Clip Annotator were greater than 97% for
identification of the imaging mode and the view.  Similarly, observed sensitivity point estimates were
greater than 90% across views and imaging mode.


Caption Interpretation AutoEF was also the subject of a pivotal clinical investigation to validate
successful performance of the EF calculation in comparison to conventional EF calculation methods. This
testing showed that AutoEF, including clip selection and calculation together, performs as expected and
in a manner that is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. Specifically, the primary endpoint
evaluating the relationship (RMSD) between AutoEF derived values based on the best available view
combination and the reference method met the predetermined acceptance criteria. Secondary
hypothesis testing evaluating combinations of views (i.e., EF estimation based on two or more views of
AP2, AP4 or PLAX) met the same predetermined acceptance criteria. Single-view EF estimation based on
the AP4 view was also observed to be less than the acceptance criterion, and superior to physicians in
making a qualitative and quantitative visual assessment. The AP2 and PLAX views observed results did
not meet the acceptance criteria, but performed superior on a quantitative visual assessment.
Furthermore, the AP2-only and PLAX-only RMSD was observed to be lower than the RMSD of
sonographers’ biplane tracing before a cardiologist overread.


Finally, testing of the confidence metric functionality verified successful performance of the Confidence
Metric in estimating the error range of the EF estimates around the reference EF with evidence that the
difference between the estimated EF and the reference EF is normally distributed.

Taken together, the performance testing demonstrates that the Caption Interpretation Automated
Ejection Fraction Software performs as expected and in a manner that is substantially equivalent to the
predicate device.


Conclusions

The Caption Interpretation Automated Ejection Fraction Software has the same intended use and nearly
identical indications compared to the predicate device. In addition, the two products have very similar
technological characteristics and principles of operation. The minor differences in the indications for use
statements of the two devices do not change the intended use. In addition, the only notable
technological differences between the Caption Interpretation AutoEF and its predicate do not present
any new issues of safety or effectiveness because in both cases the key question is whether the EF
output of the respective systems is sufficiently accurate and whether the user can review the results to
determine whether they are adequate for clinical use. In both cases the systems provide the user with
multiple methods to verify the acceptability of image clips used for processing and multiple methods to
accept or reject the automated EF estimation. Additionally, the extensive performance testing of the
software demonstrates that these differences do not raise any new types of safety or effectiveness
questions. Thus, the Caption Interpretation Automated Ejection Fraction Software is substantially
equivalent to the predicate device.