TeraRecon, Inc.                                                   November 6, 2020
℅ Mr. Patrick Willhite
Director, Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs
4309 Emperor Blvd., Suite 310
DURHAM NC 27703

Re: K200750
    Trade/Device Name: Neuro.AI Algorithm
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: October 26, 2020
    Received: October 28, 2020

Dear Mr. Willhite:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K200750 – Mr. Patrick Willhite                                                          Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Diretor
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K200750
Device Name
Neuro.AI Algorithm
Indications for Use (Describe)
The Neuro.AI Algorithm is an algorithm for use by trained professionals, including but not limited to physicians, surgeons
and medical clinicians.
The Neuro.AI Algorithm is a standalone image processing software device that can be deployed as a Microsoft
Windows® executable on off-the-shelf hardware or as a containerized application (e.g., a Docker container) that runs on
off-the-shelf hardware or on a cloud platform. Data and images are acquired via DICOM compliant imaging devices.
DICOM results may be exported, combined with or utilized by other DICOM-compliant systems and results.
The Neuro.AI algorithm provides analysis capabilities for static, functional, dynamic and derived imaging datasets
acquired with CT or MRI. It can be used for the analysis of dynamic brain perfusion image data, showing properties of
changes in contrast over time. This functionality includes calculation of parameters related to brain tissue perfusion,
vascular assessment and tissue blood volume and other parametric maps with or without the ventricles included in the
calculation. The algorithm also includes volume reformat in various orientations, rotational MIP 3D batch while removing
the skull. This “tumble view” allows qualitative review of vascular structure in direct correlation to the perfusion maps for
comprehensive review.
The results of the Neuro.AI Algorithm can be delivered to the end-user through image viewers such as TeraRecon’s
Aquarius iNtuition system, TeraRecon’s Northstar AI Results Explorer, or other image viewing systems like PACS that
can support DICOM results generated by Neuro.AlI.
The Neuro.AI Algorithm results are designed for use by trained healthcare professionals and are intended to assist the
physician in diagnosis, who is responsible for making all final patient management decisions.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K200750


510(K) SUMMARY

 [In accordance with 21CFR 807.92]

1. SUBMITTER

 510(k) Sponsor:                   TereRecon, Inc.

 Address:                       4309 Emperor Blvd., Suite 310

                                Durham, NC 27703, USA


 Contact Person:                      Patrick Willhite

                                        Director of Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs

 Contact Information:                 Email: pwillhite@terarecon.com

                                 Phone: 919.670.1539

                                       Facsimile: 650.372.1101

 Date Summary Prepared:           10/30/2020


2.  DEVICE

 Proprietary (Trade) Name:           Neuro.AI Algorithm (“Neuro.AI”)

 Common Name:                    Medical Imaging System

 Classification:                   §  892.2050,  Picture  Archiving  and  Communication
                                  System.
 Product Codes:                  LLZ – System, Image Processing, Radiological


3. PREDICATE DEVICE


 Predicate Device                     iNtuition-TDA, TVA and Parametric Mapping (K131447)

 Reference Device                      iNtuition system (K121916)


4.  DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Neuro.AI Algorithm is a modification of the predicate device, iNtuition-TDA, TVA, Parametric Mapping
which was cleared under K131447. The predicate device is an optional module/workflow for the iNtuition
system (K121916). The Neuro.AI Algorithm is a standalone image processing software device that can be
deployed as a Microsoft® Windows executable on off-the-shelf hardware or as a containerized application
(e.g., Docker container) that runs on off-the-shelf hardware or on a cloud platform. The device has limited
network connectivity or external medical support.


                                                                                   1

K200750


The Neuro.AI Algorithm allows motion correction and processes, calculates and outputs brain perfusion
analysis results for static, functional, dynamic and derived imaging datasets acquired with CT or MRI.
Neuro.AI results are used for visualization and analysis of dynamic brain perfusion image data, showing
properties of changes in contrast over time. This functionality includes calculation of parameters related to
brain tissue perfusion, vascular assessment displayed in rotational Maximum Intensity Projection (MIP)
called the tumble view, and tissue blood volume and other parametric maps with or without brain ventricles
included in the calculation.

Outputs include text and parametric map displays of measurements including time to peak (TTP), take off
time (TOT), recirculation time (RT), mean transit time (MTT), blood volume (BV/CBV), blood flow (BF/CBF),
classification maps, reformatted images and rotational MIPs for 2D and 3D visualization of brain tissues
and blood vessels, and for correlation to the perfusion maps.

The results of the Neuro.AI Algorithm can be delivered to the end-user through image viewers such as
TeraRecon’s iNtuition system, TeraRecon’s Northstar AI Results Explorer (“Northstar”), or other third-party
image viewing systems like PACS that can display the DICOM results generated by Neuro.AI. The Neuro.AI
output does not depend on the viewing system’s capabilities as the results are self-contained and the only
interface is through DICOM.

When the Neuro.AI Algorithm results are used on iNtuition, all the standard features offered by iNtuition are
employed such as image manipulation tools like drawing the region of interest, manual or automatic
segmentation of structures, tools that support creation of a report, transmitting and storing this report in
digital form, and tracking historical information about the studies analyzed by the software.

The Neuro.AI algorithm can be used by physicians to aid in the diagnosis. The software is not intended to
replace the skill and judgment of a qualified medical practitioner and should only be used by individuals that
have been trained in the software’s function, capabilities and limitations. The device is intended to provide
supporting analytical tools to a physician, to speed decision-making and to improve communication, but the
physician’s judgment is paramount, and  it is normal practice for physicians to validate theories and
treatment decisions multiple ways before proceeding with a risky course of patient management.

5.  INDICATIONS FOR USE

The Neuro.AI Algorithm is an algorithm for use by trained professionals, including but not limited to
physicians, surgeons and medical clinicians.

The Neuro.AI Algorithm is a standalone image processing software device that can be deployed as
a Microsoft Windows® executable on  off-the-shelf hardware or as a containerized application  (e.g.,
a Docker container) that runs on off-the-shelf hardware or on a cloud platform. Data and images are
acquired via DICOM compliant imaging devices. DICOM results may be exported, combined with or utilized
by other DICOM-compliant systems and results.

The Neuro.AI Algorithm provides analysis capabilities for static, functional, dynamic and derived imaging
datasets acquired with CT or MRI. It can be used for the analysis of dynamic brain perfusion image data,
showing properties of changes in contrast over time. This functionality includes calculation of parameters
related to brain tissue perfusion, vascular assessment and tissue blood volume and other parametric maps
with or without the ventricles included in the calculation. The algorithm also includes volume reformat in
various orientations, rotational MIP 3D batch while removing the skull. This “tumble view” allows qualitative
review of vascular structure in direct correlation to the perfusion maps for comprehensive review.


                                                                                   2

K200750


The results of the Neuro.AI Algorithm can be delivered to the end-user through image viewers such as
TeraRecon’s Aquarius iNtuition system, TeraRecon’s Northstar AI Results Explorer, or other image viewing
systems like PACS that can support DICOM results generated by Neuro.AI.

The Neuro.AI Algorithm results are designed for use by trained healthcare professionals and are intended
to assist the physician in diagnosis, who is responsible for making all final patient management decisions.

6. SUMMARY OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The Neuro.AI Algorithm is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, iNtuition-TDA, TVA, Parametric
Mapping (K131447). It has the same intended use and the same basic technological characteristics as the
predicate device. The main difference between the subject and predicate device is the standalone nature
of the subject device.

Both the subject and predicate device allow motion correction and processes, calculates and outputs brain
perfusion analysis results for static, functional, dynamic and derived imaging datasets acquired with CT or
MRI. The results are used for visualization and analysis of dynamic brain perfusion image data, showing
properties of changes in contrast over time. This functionality includes calculation of parameters related to
brain tissue perfusion, vascular assessment displayed in rotational Maximum Intensity Projection (MIP)
called the tumble view, and tissue blood volume and other parametric maps. The subject device can also
display maps with or without brain ventricles included like the reference device, iNtuition system (K121916).
The reference device includes segmentation functionality where the segmentation can be displayed or
hidden for any part of the body, including brain ventricles.

Outputs include text and parametric map displays of measurements including time to peak (TTP), take off
time (TOT), recirculation time (RT), mean transit time (MTT), blood volume (BV/CBV), blood flow (BF/CBF),
classification maps, reformatted images and rotational MIPs for 2D and 3D visualization of brain tissues
and blood vessels, and for correlation to the perfusion maps.

Both the subject and predicate devices are interoperable or compatible with CT and MR scanners, thirdparty hospital systems such as PACS, and the iNtuition platform. The subject device is a standalone
software device, the results of which can also be consumed by and viewed by TeraRecon’s Northstar AI
Results Explorer via EnvoyAI as the algorithm hosting platform or by other third-party image viewing
systems that can display the DICOM results generated by the Neuro.AI Algorithm.

The differences in technological characteristics do not raise any new or different questions of safety or
effectiveness. Software  verification  and  validation  testing  and  performance  testing  validate that
the Neuro.AI Algorithm is as safe and effective as the predicate device to support a determination of
substantial equivalence.

See the table below for a description of the technological similarities and differences among the subject,
predicate, and reference devices.


                                                                                   3

K200750


                   TABLE 1: TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS COMPARISON

                                                  Predicate Device          Reference Device
                      Subject Device
                                                   iNtuition-TDA, TVA,            iNtuition system
                    Neuro.AI Algorithm
                                               Parametric Mapping             (K121916)
                         (TBD)
                                                   (K131447)
              Same and other trained
Areas of Use                                  Radiology                   Radiology
                         clinical users
                                                Vendor-neutral - CT, MR and
                                                                             Vendor-neutral - CT, MR,
                                                 other volumetric imagingModality Type    Same                                                Nuc, PET, Angio, US/Echo,
                                                    modalities. Images are
                                                             SPECT, CR/DR Review
                                          exposed over time.
DICOM®
              Same and DICOM 3.x       Yes, supports DICOM 3.0     Yes, supports DICOM 3.0
formats
                                                  Microsoft                      Microsoft
Operating       Same and
                                      Windows® executable on    Windows® executable on
System          CentOS (Interoperability)
                                                       off-the-shelf hardware          off-the-shelf hardware
                                      Head – entire brain or from
                                               lower edge of the base of     Head and other regions and
Body Part       Same
                                              nucleus to upper edge of the   organs within the body
                                                       ventricles.

                     2D, 3D and 4D viewing,       2D, 3D and 4D viewing,       2D, 3D and 4D viewing,
                     multi-phase series            multi-phase series            multi-phase series
                      support, zoom, pan,           support, zoom, pan,           support, zoom, pan,
                  window level, rotate, cine     window level, rotate, cine     window level, rotate, cine
                  and display layouts and      and display layouts and      and display layouts and
                     templates                    templates                    templates

Key                ROI Markers: Ability to       ROI Markers: Ability to       ROI Markers: Ability to
Functionality/        create preset shapes or       create preset shapes or       create preset shapes or
Features            freehand ROI for             freehand ROI for             freehand ROI for
                  measurements or           measurements or           measurements or
                    segmentations               segmentations               segmentations

                     Arterial and venous input     Arterial and venous input     Arterial and venous input
                       function selection,              function selection,              function selection,
                     automatic and manual         automatic and manual         automatic and manual

                     Ventricle segmentation                                      Ventricle segmentation
                                                                                     Editing and segmentation
                                                                                        tools are provided
                                                                                     including freehand crop,
                                                                                            cut, dynamic region grow,
                                                 This device is a module of    bone removal tools, rib
                     Setting allows software to       iNtuition. When used with     cage removal, table
Ventricle            display maps with or             iNtuition, the segmentation    removal tools, and tools to
Segmentation       without brain ventricles         tools can be applied to any    provide an initial selection
                    included                        part of the body, including      of bone or air-filled vessels
                                                    brain ventricles.                 (e.g. lung or colon) for
                                                                         removal or improvement.
                                                                Any segmentation can be
                                                                               displayed or hidden and
                                                                                               this is applicable for any


                                                                                   4

K200750


                                                  Predicate Device          Reference Device
                      Subject Device
                                                   iNtuition-TDA, TVA,            iNtuition system
                    Neuro.AI Algorithm
                                               Parametric Mapping             (K121916)
                         (TBD)
                                                   (K131447)
                                                                                      part of the body, including
                                                                                   brain ventricles.


                                                                                 Time to Peak (TTP)
                                                   Time to Peak (TTP)
                                                                                 Take off Time (TOT or
                                                   Take off Time (TOT or       Maximum Slope of
                                       Maximum Slope of            Increase)
                                                    Increase)
                                                                                 Recirculation Time (RT)
Perfusion                                          Recirculation Time (RT)
measurements                                                                  Mean Transit Time                    Sameand color maps                                   Mean Transit Time (MTT)     (MTT)

                                                   Blood Volume (BV/CBV)      Blood Volume (BV/CBV)

                                                   Blood Flow (BF/CBF)         Blood Flow (BF/CBF)

                                                   Perfusion Maps              Perfusion Maps


                                                   Artery and Vein Fitted and     Artery and Vein Fitted and
Graph Displays   Same
                                  Raw curves – time/activity    Raw curves – time/activity
                                                       DICOM format plus JPEG,Export Format    Same                DICOM format
                                                            BMP, AVI, Word

Methods for
Mathematical     Same                SVD                 SVD
Modeling

Arterial and
Venous Input              Same                      Automatic and manual        Automatic and manual
Function
Selection


                   CT and MR Scanners         CT and MR Scanners        CT and MR Scanners
                                                                                  plus other imaging
                   Third-party hospital            Third-party hospital            modalities
                  systems such as a PACS       systems such as PACS
                     server, EMR or other            server, EMR or other         Third-party hospital
Interoperability/                                                           systems such as PACS
Compatibility      iNtuition Advanced             iNtuition advanced             server, EMR or other
                     Visualization system             visualization system

                   Algorithm dockerization
                   using DockerTM hosted in
                  TeraRecon’s EnvoyAI platf
                orm and viewed by


                                                                                   5

K200750


                                                  Predicate Device          Reference Device
                      Subject Device
                                                   iNtuition-TDA, TVA,            iNtuition system
                    Neuro.AI Algorithm
                                               Parametric Mapping             (K121916)
                         (TBD)
                                                   (K131447)
                    Northstar AI Results
                    Explorer

                   Other image viewing
                  systems that can support
              DICOM results generated
                 by the Neuro.AI Algorithm

                   Notification systems

7. PERFORMANCE DATA

Safety and performance of the Neuro.AI Algorithm have been verified and validated through software
testing and performance evaluation. Software development and testing were performed in accordance with
IEC 62304:2006/A1:2015, Medical Device Software – Software life cycle processes, utilizing a risk-based
testing   methodology.   Risk  has  been   evaluated   in  accordance   with  ISO   14971:2007,
Medical Devices – Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices. During software testing, all predefined acceptance criteria for the Neuro.AI Algorithm were met and all software test cases passed. The
same verification and validation methodology, risk assessment and acceptance criterion were used for
predicate device.

The results of the software and performance testing validate that the Neuro.AI Algorithm meets its qualified
requirements, performs as intended, and is as safe and effective as the predicate device. No new or
different questions of safety or efficacy have been raised as a result of the verification and validation
process.

8. CONCLUSION

The Neuro.AI Algorithm is as safe and effective as the predicate device, iNtuition-TDA, TVA, Parametric
Mapping module. The Neuro.AI Algorithm has the same intended use and the indications for use fall within
the scope of that for the predicate device. Many of the technological characteristics are the same for the
subject and predicate devices. Any differences in technological characteristics between the subject and
predicate devices have been addressed through software verification/validation testing and performance
testing and do not raise any new or different questions of safety or effectiveness. Additionally, the
differences in technological characteristics have been compared to a reference device which is currently
legally marketed in the United States.

All risks were analyzed and no new risks, changes to existing risks, or new risk controls were identified as
a result of the Neuro.AI Algorithm. The testing results and analysis above support a determination of
Substantial Equivalence of the Neuro.AI Algorithm to the predicate device in terms of safety, efficacy, and
performance.


                                                                                   6