Caption Health                                                         April 16, 2020
℅ Sam Surette
Head of RA/QA
2000 Sierra Point Pkwy.
BRISBANE CA 94005

Re: K200755
    Trade/Device Name: Caption Guidance
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2100
    Regulation Name: Radiological acquisition and/or optimization guidance system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QJU
    Dated: April 14, 2020
    Received: April 14, 2020

Dear Sam Surette:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K200755 - Sam Surette                                                                 Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES        Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-
                 Food and Drug Administration                  0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                        Indications for Use                    See PRA Statement below
510(k) Number (if known)
            K200755
Device Name

Caption Guidance
Indications for Use (Describe)

The Caption Guidance software is intended to assist medical professionals in the acquisition of cardiac
ultrasound images. The Caption Guidance software is an accessory to compatible general purpose diagnostic
ultrasound systems.

The Caption Guidance software is indicated for use in two-dimensional transthoracic echocardiography (2DTTE) for adult patients, specifically in the acquisition of the following standard views: Parasternal Long-Axis
(PLAX), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Aortic Valve (PSAX-AV), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Mitral Valve
(PSAX-MV), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Papillary Muscle (PSAX-PM), Apical 4-Chamber (AP4), Apical 5-
Chamber (AP5), Apical 2-Chamber (AP2), Apical 3-Chamber (AP3), Subcostal 4-Chamber (SubC4), and
Subcostal Inferior Vena Cava (SC-IVC).


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                      Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)     Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801             ☒Prescription                   ☐             Subpart C)
                    CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

             This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
     *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
       The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per
        response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and
        maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send
       comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection,
         including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                  Department of Health and Human
                                     Services Food and Drug
                                       Administration
                                        Office of Chief Information Officer
                                 Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA)
                                           Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
     “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                         information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                             Page 1 of 1                                   PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF                                                                                               44

510(k) SUMMARY                              K200755
                              Caption Health, Inc.’s
                            Caption Guidance Software
Submitter

Caption Health, Inc.

2000 Sierra Point Parkway, 8th Floor
Brisbane, CA 94005
Contact Person: Sam Surette, Head of RA/QA
Phone: (415) 671-4711
Email: sam@captionhealth.com
Date Prepared:        April 14, 2020


Name of Device: Caption Guidance

Classification Name: Image Acquisition And/Or Optimization Guided By Artificial Intelligence

Regulatory Class: II

Product Code: QJU

Predicate Device: Caption Guidance (DEN190040)

Device Description:

The Caption Guidance software is a radiological computer assisted acquisition guidance system
that provides real-time user guidance during acquisition of echocardiography to assist the user
in obtaining anatomically correct images that represent standard 2D echocardiographic
diagnostic views and orientations. Caption Guidance is a software-only device that uses artificial
intelligence to emulate the expertise of sonographers.

Caption Guidance is comprised of several different features that, combined, provide expert
guidance to the user. These include:
   ●  Quality Meter: The real-time feedback from the Quality Meter advises the user on the
      expected diagnostic quality of the resulting clip, such that the user can make decisions
        to further optimize the quality, for example by following the prescriptive guidance feature
       below.
   ●  Prescriptive Guidance: The prescriptive guidance feature in Caption Guidance
       provides direction to the user to emulate how a sonographer would manipulate the
       transducer to acquire the optimal view.


                                                                                         11

●  Auto-Capture: The Caption Guidance Auto-Capture feature triggers an automatic
       capture of a clip when the quality is predicted to be diagnostic, emulating the way in
      which a sonographer knows when an image is of sufficient quality to be diagnostic and
       records it.
   ●  Save Best Clip: This feature continually assesses clip quality while the user is scanning
       and, in the event that the user is not able to obtain a clip sufficient for Auto-Capture, the
       software allows the user to retrospectively record the highest quality clip obtained so far,
       mimicking the choice a sonographer might make when recording an exam.

Intended Use / Indications for Use:

The Caption Guidance software is intended to assist medical professionals in the acquisition of
cardiac ultrasound images. The Caption Guidance software is an accessory to compatible
general purpose diagnostic ultrasound systems.

The Caption Guidance software is indicated for use in two-dimensional transthoracic
echocardiography (2D-TTE) for adult patients, specifically in the acquisition of the following
standard views: Parasternal Long-Axis (PLAX), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Aortic Valve
(PSAX-AV), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Mitral Valve (PSAX-MV), Parasternal Short-Axis at
the Papillary Muscle (PSAX-PM), Apical 4-Chamber (AP4), Apical 5-Chamber (AP5), Apical 2-
Chamber (AP2), Apical 3-Chamber (AP3), Subcostal 4-Chamber (SubC4), and Subcostal
Inferior Vena Cava (SC-IVC).

Summary of Technological Characteristics:

The Caption Guidance software is an updated version of the predicate device and features very
similar technological characteristics. The modified version included device enhancements
designed to increase usability and performance. This includes additional prescriptive guidance
for the users, information for users via the UI, optimized quality meter and automated image
capture, ability to set the scanning convention to that of the user’s facility, ability to set custom
protocols and skip certain portions of protocols at the user’s discretion.

None of the differences raise different questions of safety or effectiveness and available data
demonstrate that the current iteration of the Caption Guidance software performs in a
substantially equivalent manner.

Performance Data

The Caption Guidance software was developed and tested in accordance with Caption Health’s
Design Control processes and has been subjected to extensive safety and performance testing.

Caption Guidance was identified as having a moderate level of concern as defined in the FDA
guidance document “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software
Contained in Medical Devices.” The software documentation included:

    1.  Software/Firmware Description
    2.  Device Hazard Analysis


                                                                                         12

3.  Software Requirement Specifications
    4.  Architecture Design Chart
    5.  Software Design Specifications
    6.  Traceability
    7.  Software Development Environment Description
    8.  Verification and Validation Documentation
    9.  Revision Level History
    10. Unresolved Anomalies
    11. Cybersecurity

Risk analysis was provided for the software with detailed description of the hazards, their
causes and severity as well as acceptable methods for control of the identified risks. Caption
Health provided a description, with test protocols including pass/fail criteria and report of results,
of acceptable verification and validation activities at the unit, integration and system level.

Extensive algorithm development and software verification testing assessed the performance of
the software. Images and cases used for verification testing were carefully separated from
training algorithms. The Caption Guidance algorithm was tested for the performance of the
modified Auto-Capture feature in recording clinically-acceptable images and clips. Furthermore,
the subject device’s algorithm was tested for the performance of providing Prescriptive
Guidance (PG), using the following tasks:

    1.  Frame-level PG prediction of the probe maneuver needed to acquire an image/frame of
        heart, for a specific view.
    2.  Clip-level PG prediction of the probe maneuver needed to acquire a diagnostic quality
         clip for a specific view.

Overall, the non-clinical performance testing results provide evidence in support of the
functionality of Caption Guidance fundamental algorithms.

Additionally, the modified Caption Guidance underwent additional human factors testing.
Caption Guidance has undergone preliminary formative evaluations, as well as final summative
testing that assesses the critical tasks potentially impacted by the modification to the
prescriptive guidance features. While risk assessment and formative testing concluded that no
new critical tasks were introduced, two existing critical tasks were implicated by the changes.
Summative testing has been completed with 16 users (7 users without prior scanning
experience and 9 users with prior experience). The summative human factors testing concluded
that there were no use errors associated with critical tasks likely to lead to patient injury.
Additionally, although the testing was not comparative in nature, when viewed in context of the
testing provided in the original De Novo, the enhanced product appears to provide optimization
of usability.

Taken together, the performance testing demonstrates that the Caption Guidance software
performs as expected and in a manner that is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                                                         13

Conclusions

The current iteration of the Caption Guidance software is as safe and effective as the previous
iteration of such software. The Caption Guidance software has the same intended uses and
similar indications, technological characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate
device. In addition, the minor technological differences between the current iteration of the
Caption Guidance software and the previous iteration of the Caption Guidance software raise no
new issues of safety or effectiveness. Performance data demonstrate that the current iteration
of the Caption Guidance software is as safe and effective as the previous iteration of the
Caption Guidance software. Thus, the Caption Guidance software is substantially equivalent.


                                                                                         14