iSchemaView, Inc.                                                     July 9, 2020
℅ Mr. James Rosa
VP Quality and Regulatory
433 Park Point Drive, Suite 220
GOLDEN CO 80401

Re: K200941
    Trade/Device Name: Rapid LVO 1.0
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: June 8, 2020
    Received: June 9, 2020

Dear Mr. Rosa:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K200941 – Mr. James Rosa                                                             Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K200941

Device Name
Rapid LVO 1.0


Indications for Use (Describe)
Rapid LVO is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the analysis of CTA head
images. The device is intended to assist hospital networks and trained radiologists in workflow triage by flagging and
communication of suspected positive Large Vessel Occlusion (LVO) findings in head CTA images.
Rapid LVO uses a software algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with suspected LVO on a server or
standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is presented with
notifications for cases with suspected LVO findings. Notifications include compressed preview images, that are meant for
informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original
medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.
The results of Rapid LVO are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on professional
judgment, to assist with triage /prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing full
images per the standard of care.

Contraindications/Exclusions/Cautions:

• Rapid LVO is one input to physician diagnosis for patients undergoing screening for acute ischemic stroke.
• Excessive patient motion may lead to artifacts that make the scan technically inadequate.
• Identification of suspected findings is not for diagnostic use beyond notification. Images that are previewed through
email and the mobile application are compressed and are for informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic
use beyond notification.
• Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing non-compressed images on a diagnostic viewer and engaging in
appropriate patient evaluation and relevant discussion with a treating physician before making care-related decisions or
requests.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid LVO
                                                         K200941Section 5: 510(k) Summary

                                   510(k) Summary
                       iSchemaView, Inc.’s Rapid LVO 1.0
This document contains the 510(k) summary for the iSchemaView Rapid LVO. The content of
this summary is based on the requirements of 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).
Applicant Name and Address:
      Name:                   iSchemaView, Inc.
       Address:                433 Park Point Drive
                                        Ste. 220
                                  Golden, CO 80401

         Official Contact:          Jim Rosa
                                 Phone: (303) 704-3374
                                   Email: rosa@ischemaview.com

Summary Preparation Date:      June 29, 2020


Device Name and Classification:
       Trade Name:            iSchemaView Rapid LVO 1.0
     Common Name:            Radiological computer aided triage and
                                        notification software
        Classification:                  II
       Product Code:         QAS
       Regulation No:           21 C.F.R. §892.2080
        Classification Panel:       Radiology Devices
Predicate Devices:
The iSchemaView Rapid LVO is claimed to be substantially equivalent to the following legally
marketed predicate device:
      iSchemaView Rapid ICH (K193087)
Device Description:

Rapid LVO 1.0 is a clinical module which operates within the integrated Rapid Platform to
provide triage and notification prioritization of suspected Large Vessel Occlusion (LVO). The
Rapid LVO module consists of the core Rapid Platform software which provides the
administration and services for the Rapid image processing modules; and the Rapid LVO module
which functions as one of many image processing modules hosted by the platform.
Rapid LVO acquires (DICOM compliant) medical image data from CTA scanners through the
Rapid Platform interface:


                                  Page 5-1 of 5-9

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid LVO
Section 5: 510(k) Summary

Rapid Platform
The Rapid platform is a software package that provides for the visualization and study of
changes in tissue using digital images captured by diagnostic imaging systems including CT
(Computed Tomography), CTA, XA and MRI (Magnetic Image Resonance), as an aid to
physician diagnosis. Rapid can be installed on a customer’s Server or it can be accessed
online as virtual system. It provides viewing, quantification, analysis and reporting
capabilities. The Rapid platform has multiple modules a clinician may elect to run and
provide analysis for decision making. The basic architecture supports the general
functionality to support the Rapid LVO imaging module such as DICOM interfaces, job
management, data base functions and communications. The Rapid Platform and base
functions are not under review for this submission.
Indications for Use:
Rapid LVO is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for
use in the analysis of CTA head images. The device is intended to assist hospital networks
and trained radiologists in workflow triage by flagging and communication of suspected
positive Large Vessel Occlusion (LVO) findings in head CTA images.
Rapid LVO uses a software algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with suspected
LVO on a server or standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of
care image interpretation. The user is presented with notifications for cases with suspected
LVO findings. Notifications include compressed preview images, that are meant for
informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The
device does not alter the original medical image and is not intended to be used as a
diagnostic device.
The results of Rapid LVO are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient
information and based on professional judgment, to assist with triage /prioritization of
medical images. Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard
of care.
Contraindications/Exclusions/Cautions:
•  Rapid LVO is one input to physician diagnosis for patients undergoing screening for acute
    ischemic stroke.
•   Excessive patient motion may lead to artifacts that make the scan technically inadequate.
•   Identification of suspected findings is not for diagnostic use beyond notification. Images that are
   previewed through email and the mobile application are compressed and are for informational
    purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification.
•   Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing non-compressed images on a diagnostic viewer
   and engaging in appropriate patient evaluation and relevant discussion with a treating physician
    before making care-related decisions or requests.
Technological Characteristics:
Rapid Platform performs the following functions in support of Rapid LVO:
   •  processes DICOM images from multiple sources to provide visualization of changes
       of tissue perfusion, diffusion and change.


                                  Page 5-2 of 5-9

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid LVO
Section 5: 510(k) Summary

   •  receives DICOM images from external DICOM image providers (modalities (CT/MRI
       Scanners), PACS and Workstations) and sends DICOM images to external image
      consumers.
   •  processes requests, statuses and results, and references therein, which are stored in a
       searchable database
   •  processing status is available through a web browser using HTTP, HTML and PHP.
   •  can send summary results to the user over email and mobile application. For this,
      Rapid generally connects to the infrastructure of the medical partner (e.g., the
        hospital). In particular, Rapid uses a SMTP protocol with security extensions to
       provide secure emailing.
Rapid is available in the following configurations:
   •  Standard Rapid, which is installed directly on a customer's Linux-based server and
       integrated with medical image processing software such as commercial PACS.
   •  Virtual Rapid, wherein the user accesses Rapid online and uses it to process DICOM
      images otherwise available on his/her computer.
Rapid Platform is a DICOM-compliant PACS software that provides comprehensive
functionality to transfer, process, and display modality specific imaging data. Rapid runs on
standard "off-the- shelf' computer and networking hardware. Rapid is entirely independent
from CT, XA, MRI, or PACS platforms. It supports secure VPN (Virtual Private Network)
networking or encapsulated Secure Shell (SSH), and seamlessly integrates into an existing
radiological data network.
The primary users of Rapid PACS software are medical imaging professionals who analyze
tissue using CT or MRI images.
Performance Standards:
Rapid has been developed in conformance with the following standards, as applicable:
   ISO 14971:2019        Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices
   IEC 62304:2015       Medical device software – Software lifecycle processes
   IEC 62366:2015        Application of Usability Engineering to Medical Devices
   NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20    Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)
Performance Data:
Rapid complies with DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine) - Developed
by the American College of Radiology and the National Electrical Manufacturers Association.
NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20.
Additionally, iSchemaView conducted extensive performance validation testing and software
verification and validation testing of the Rapid system. This performance validation testing
demonstrated that the Rapid system provides accurate representation of key processing
parameters under a range of clinically relevant parameters and perturbations associated with the
intended use of the software. Software performance, validation and verification testing
demonstrated that the Rapid system met all design requirements and specifications.

                                  Page 5-3 of 5-9

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid LVO
Section 5: 510(k) Summary

iSchemaView performed standalone performance in accordance with the 892.2080 special
controls to show acceptance of the clinical performance of the Rapid LVO module. The
Standalone Performance exceeded the 80% Goal using the lower bound of the 95% Confidence
Interval for Sensitivity (Se) and Specificity (Sp). The observed results are Se: Sensitivity (Se)
of 0.970 (95% CI: 0.933,0.987) and Specificity (Sp) 0.956 (95% CI: 0.919, 0.977) with a
ROC AUC of 0.99 (95% CI:0.972, 0.995). Additionally, at a prevalence of 45%, PPV = 0.95
(95% CI: 0.90, 0.97) and NPV = 0.98 (95% CI 0.94, 0.99)
.
In addition, an analysis on time to notification using Rapid LVO to notify of suspicion/nonsuspicion as 2.86 min (95% CI: 2.79, 2.92) was achieved meeting the goal of ≤ 3.5min
established by the predicate. The Rapid LVO time-to-notification includes the time to get the
DICOM exam, de-identify it (if required), analyze and send a notification to the attending
physician(s) email and mobile. The time to notification consists primarily of the processing
time, as the notification time via electronic transmission is considered in seconds via email and
mobile.
Prescriptive Statement:
Caution: Federal law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.

Safety & Effectiveness:
Rapid has been designed, verified and validated in compliance with 21 CFR, Part 820.30
requirements. The device has been designed to meet the requirements associated with ISO
14971:2019 (risk management). The Rapid System performance has been validated through the
use of phantoms (Rapid core indications) and clinical data (Rapid LVO).

Substantial Equivalence:
Rapid LVO is as safe and effective as the previously cleared Rapid ICH (K193087). The
subject and predicate devices are radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
programs. Both devices are implemented in software algorithms, LVO using traditional and ICH
using machine learning software implementations for use with CTA scanners, PACS, and
workstations. Both devices process images intended to aid in prioritization and triage of
radiological medical images. The subject and predicate differ in imaging input, the subject
device process CTA images and the predicate NCCT images for indication. Both devices are
intended to provide notifications and preview head images of potential findings to radiologists
and other clinicians for the purpose of treatment planning and follow up.

Both software devices notify a designated list of clinicians of the availability of time sensitive
radiological medical images for review based on computer aided image analysis performed by
the device’s algorithm. The subject and predicate device sends notifications and compressed
previews to the workstations’ desktop. Additionally, the subject device sends an email (normal
processing within Rapid Platform and previously cleared and mobile notification (similar to the
predicate’s predicate device. Those notifications work in parallel to the standard of care. They
prompt the clinician to start preemptive triage of a flagged case, upon which they may decide
after observing the preview, to turn to the local PACS/Workstation to perform the evaluation. If
a notification is found to be non-suspicious of LVO, the case still remains in the queue to be
handled per the standard of care.


                                  Page 5-4 of 5-9

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid LVO
Section 5: 510(k) Summary

As a system, the Rapid LVO raises the same types of safety and effectiveness questions as the
predicate; namely, accurate detection of findings within the reviewed and processed study on
which a clinician can base a clinically useful triage/prioritization assessment considering all
available clinical information.

It is important to note that, like the predicate, the device does not remove cases from a reading
queue. Again, both devices operate in parallel with the standard of care, which remains the
default option for all cases.

A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.


                                  Page 5-5 of 5-9

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid LVO
Section 5: 510(k) Summary

Substantial Equivalence Discussion:

  Parameter               Rapid ICH (K193087)                        Rapid LVO (K200941)
  Product Code          QAS                                QAS
  Regulation               21 CFR §892.2080                            21 CFR §892.2080
  Intended Use/ Indications                           Rapid ICH is a radiological computer aided        Rapid LVO is a radiological computer aided triage  for Use
                                  triage and notification software indicated for use   and notification software indicated for use in the
                                  in the analysis of non-enhanced head CT images.   analysis of CTA head images. The device is
                         The device is intended to assist hospital networks   intended to assist hospital networks and trained
                           and trained radiologists in workflow triage by       radiologists in workflow triage by flagging and
                               flagging and communication of suspected         communication of suspected positive Large Vessel
                                positive Intracranial Hemorrhage (ICH) findings    Occlusion (LVO) findings in head CTA images.
                                  in head CT images, namely Intracranial           Rapid LVO uses a software algorithm to analyze
                         Hemorrhage (ICH).                             images and highlight cases with suspected LVO on
                                                                               a server or standalone desktop application in
                           Rapid ICH uses an artificial intelligence              parallel to the ongoing standard of care image
                             algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases     interpretation. The user is presented with
                             with suspected ICH on a server or standalone        notifications for cases with suspected LVO
                             desktop application in parallel to the ongoing        findings. Notifications include compressed preview
                              standard of care image interpretation. The user is   images, that are meant for informational purposes
                              presented with notifications for cases with         only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond
                             suspected ICH findings. Notifications include       notification. The device does not alter the original
                           compressed preview images, that are meant for     medical image and is not intended to be used as a
                              informational purposes only and not intended for   diagnostic device. The results of Rapid LVO are
                               diagnostic use beyond notification. The device      intended to be used in conjunction with other
                            does not alter the original medical image and is     patient information and based on professional
                              not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.      judgment, to assist with triage /prioritization of
                         The results of Rapid ICH are intended to be used   medical images. Notified clinicians are responsible
                                  in conjunction with other patient information and   for viewing full images per the standard of care.
                            based on professional judgment, to assist with
                                  triage /prioritization of medical images. Notified
                                 clinicians are responsible for viewing full images
                              per the standard of care.
  PACS Functionality
  Stroke/Head              Hemorrhagic Stroke/Head                            Intracranial Stroke/Head


                                                 Page 5-6 of 5-9

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid LVO
Section 5: 510(k) Summary

  Parameter               Rapid ICH (K193087)                        Rapid LVO (K200941)
  Product Code          QAS                                QAS
  Regulation               21 CFR §892.2080                            21 CFR §892.2080
  Computer Platform          Standard off-the-shelf PC workstation/server       Same
                                 Virtual platform such as VMware               Same
 DICOM Compliance     Yes                                     Yes
  Imaging Type            Non-Contrast CT                     CT Angiography
  Data Acquisition          Acquires medical image data from DICOM     Same
                           compliant imaging devices and modalities
  Technical Implementation

 SaMD                 Yes – Machine Learning                       Yes – Traditional Algorithms

  Notification/Workflow
  Pathways               PACS, email, mobile                         PACS, email, mobile

   Preview/Prioritization       Notification Message of Suspected Hemorrhage.  Notification Message of Suspected LVO.

                             Presentation of a preview of the study for initial   Presentation of a preview of the study for
                           assessment not meant for diagnostic purposes.     initial assessment not meant for diagnostic
                                                                             purposes.
                       The device operates in parallel with the standard
                             of care, which remains.                     The device operates in parallel with the
                                                                            standard of care, which remains.
  SoC Workflow               In parallel to the SoC                                 In parallel to the SoC

   Original Image          No Alteration                           No Alteration

  Primary Users                Clinician                                             Clinician


                                                 Page 5-7 of 5-9

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid LVO
Section 5: 510(k) Summary

Conclusion:
In conclusion, the iSchemaView Rapid LVO is substantially equivalent in intended use,
technological characteristics, safety, and performance characteristics to the legally marketed
predicate device, Rapid ICH (K193087) with a focus on LVO analysis only.


                                  Page 5-8 of 5-9