Qure.ai Technologies                                                     June 17, 2020
℅ Pooja Rao
Head, Research and Development
Level 7, Commerz II, International Business Park,
Oberoi Garden City, Goregaon East
Mumbai, Maharashtra 400063
INDIA

Re: K200921
    Trade/Device Name: qER
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: June 11, 2020
    Received: June 11, 2020

Dear Pooja Rao:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K200921 - Pooja Rao                                                                  Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K200921

Device Name
qER


Indications for Use (Describe)

qER is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the analysis of non-contrast head
CT images.

The device is intended to assist hospital networks and trained medical specialists in workflow triage by flagging the
following suspected positive findings of pathologies in head CT images: intracranial hemorrhage, mass effect, midline
shift and cranial fracture.

qER uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images on a standalone cloud-based application in parallel to the
ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is presented with notifications for cases with suspected findings.
Notifications include non-diagnostic preview images that are meant for informational purposes only. The device does not
alter the original medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of the device are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on professional
judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing full images
per the standard of care.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) SUMMARY
                                                 Qure.ai’s qER
Submitter:                                                             K200921

Qure.ai Technologies
Level 7, Commerz II,
International Business Park
Oberoi Garden City, Goregaon (E),
Mumbai- 400 063
Phone: +91-9820474098

Contact Person: Pooja Rao

Date Prepared:                 June 11, 2010

Name of Device:              qER

Common or Usual Name:         Radiological Computer-Assisted Triage and Notification Software

Classification Name:              Radiological Computer-Assisted Triage and Notification Software

Regulatory Class:                 Class II

Product Code:              QAS (21 C.F.R. 892.2080)

Predicate Device:                 Aidoc’s Briefcase Software (K180647)

Reference Device:                Aidoc’s Briefcase Software (for CSF Triage) (K190896)

Device Description:

Qure.ai Head CT scan interpretation software, qER, is a deep-learning-based software device that analyses
head CT scans for signs of intracranial hemorrhage, midline shift, mass effect or cranial fractures in order to
prioritize them for clinical review. The standalone software device consists of an on-premise module and a
cloud module. qER accepts non-contrast adult head CT scan DICOM files as input and provides a priority flag
indicating critical scans.  Additionally, the software has the capability to send the preview of critical scans to
the medical specialist.

Intended Use / Indications for Use:

The qER device is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the
analysis of non-contrast head CT images.

The device is intended to assist hospital networks and trained medical specialists in workflow triage by flagging
the following suspected positive findings of pathologies in head CT images: intracranial hemorrhage, mass
effect, midline shift and cranial fracture.


                                                                                        092

qER uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images on a standalone cloud-based application in
parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is presented with notifications for
cases with suspected findings.   Notifications include non-diagnostic preview images that are meant for
informational purposes only. The device does not alter the original medical image and is not intended to be
used as a diagnostic device.

The results of the device are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on
professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians are responsible
for viewing full images per the standard of care.

Technological Characteristics

The qER software consists of two major components: 1) a configurable gateway as an interface with the client
systems such as the PACS and worklist; and 2) analysis module that hosts the pre-trained artificial intelligence
algorithms. qER software can be deployed completely on client premises (on-premise) or on cloud servers (oncloud). For on-cloud processing mode, an on-premise gateway is deployed that interfaces with the HIPAAcompliant cloud server(s) where the analysis is performed.

Additionally, a configuration module allows control over triage settings and output formats.

The deep learning analysis module underlying qER consists of a set of 4 independent algorithms. The core
component of each algorithm is a pre-trained classification convolutional neural network (CNN) that has been
trained to detect a specific abnormality from head CT scan images. This core component is coupled with a preprocessing module that transforms the CT scan series to a set of images and a post-processing module that
combines slice-level outputs to a scan-level triage result for each abnormality.

A predefined threshold is applied to each of the 4 scan-level outputs, to determine the presence (positive, 1)
or absence (negative, 0) of the abnormality for purposes of triage for further review.  If one or more of the 4
abnormalities are present, the scan is positive for ‘critical abnormality’ and is triaged by placing an indicator on
the worklist with the condition for which it was triaged identified.

Principles of Operation

qER is an artificial intelligence software device that screens head CT scans for signs of ICH, mass effect, midline
shift and cranial fractures in order to prioritize them for clinical review. Each target abnormality is detected
using an independent underlying pre-trained deep learning algorithm. Users can control the triage process by
selecting one or more of the four target critical abnormalities identified by the software and can turn triage on
or off for each abnormality. A dedicated, secure user settings webpage is to be made accessible to users for
this purpose

The qER device is intended for use in parallel to the standard of care workflow. With the addition of the
subject device to the workflow, the user is able to prioritize scans based on a suspected critical abnormality
detected and flagged by qER.

Once deployed in conjunction with a PACS or CT scanner, the device automatically processes incoming CT
scans and produces triage results that appear on the user’s worklist as a priority flag. For every head CT scan
identified by qER as containing one or more target abnormalities, a notification is sent to the worklist. For
positive head CT scans, non-diagnostic preview images are returned to the PACS. These preview images are
smaller in size than the original CT scan image and have a limited dynamic range. The notification and the
preview image may be used as a reference by the end-user when deciding which study to read next.


                                                                                        093

Substantial Equivalence

The above indications for use statement for the subject device is substantially similar to the cleared indications
for Aidoc’s Briefcase device.  Although the subject device is intended to flag mass effect, midline shift and
cranial fractures in addition to ICH whereas the predicate flags intracranial hemorrhages only, this difference
does not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness.  Additionally, the reference device, Aidoc’s Briefcase
(for CSF Triage) (K190896) is indicated for use in the analysis of cervical spine CT images and is intended to
assist radiologists by flagging linear lucencies in the cervical spine bone in patterns compatible with fractures.
The overall effect of both the subject and predicate devices, namely the workflow triaging of CT images by
flagging and communication of suspected findings of pathologies found in head CT images, remains the same.

Further, although the predicate device is intended to assist radiologists specifically as compared to the subject
device, which is intended to assist trained medical specialists more generally, this difference does not raise
new questions of safety or effectiveness as the function of the device is to simply triage CT images with the
ultimate clinical decision making function continuing to the radiologists. The subject device triages head CT
scans with any of the target findings; the user is provided with full control over which critical findings will be
flagged through a settings menu.

In addition, the technological characteristics of both devices are very similar and the patient populations that
the qER could be used for can be expected to overlap with that of the predicate device (i.e., patients suspected
of having ICH abnormalities could also have mass effect, midline shift and/or a cranial fracture). In short, the
target populations for which the qER and the predicate would be used for are largely the same.

In summary, the differences in the indications for use for the qER do not alter the intended effect of the device
as compared to the predicate device or raise any new questions of safety or effectiveness. Thus, the company
maintains that the qER meets the first requirement of substantial equivalence.

Both the subject and predicate device consist of a module that handles the incoming studies, de-identifies and
pushes them to the cloud module, receives results after processing on the analysis module, and re-identifies
the studies and sends the results to the radiology PACS and worklist used by medical specialist. Both devices
also consist of a module that performs the analysis using a pre-trained artificial intelligence algorithm.

The qER software and the predicate device are radiological computer aided triage and notification software
systems that are indicated for use in the analysis of non-contrast-enhanced head CT images. Both devices are
intended to assist hospital networks and trained medical specialists in workflow triage by flagging and
communication of suspected positive findings of pathologies identified in head CT images.

At a high level, the subject and predicate devices are based on the following same technological elements:

    •   Both the subject and predicate device use an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and
          highlight cases with detected pathologies  in  parallel to the ongoing standard of care image
         interpretation.  As part of both the subject and predicate software, the user is presented with
          notifications for cases with suspected findings. Notifications include preview images that are meant
          for informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification.

    •   Further, both the subject and predicate device process CT images using similar techniques and a
          similar artificial intelligence algorithm.  Specifically, the subject and predicate device utilize a deep


                                                                                        094

learning algorithm which has been trained on medical images. The deep-learning process allows for
         high accuracy in the detection of initial suspect locations. As a system, the qER raises the same types
         of safety and effectiveness questions as the predicate device, namely, accurate detection of findings
         within the reviewed and processed study on which a physician can base a  clinically useful
          triage/prioritization assessment considering all available clinical data.

    •   Importantly, like the predicate, the device does not remove cases from a reading queue.  It is also
        important to note that, similar to predicate, the subject device does not mark, highlight, or direct
         users’ attention to a specific location in the original image. Further, both the subject and predicate
        software does not alter the original medical image, is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device
       and are to be used in parallel with the standard of care, which remains the default option for all
         cases.

A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.


                                                                                        095

Table 1. Comparison of Technical Characteristics with Predicate Device

 Parameter                   qER Device                                Aidoc Briefcase Software
                                 Subject Device                                    (K180647)

Indications    qER is a radiological computer aided triage and       BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage
For Use         notification software indicated for use in the       and notification software indicated for use in the
                 analysis of non-contrast head CT images.              analysis of non-enhanced head CT images.

             The device is intended to assist hospital networks    The device is intended to assist hospital
             and trained medical specialists in workflow triage    networks and trained radiologists in workflow
             by flagging the following suspected positive           triage by flagging and communication of
                findings of pathologies in head CT images:           suspected positive findings of pathologies in
                 intracranial hemorrhage, mass effect, midline shift   head CT images, namely Intracranial
             and cranial fracture.                           Hemorrhage (ICH).

             qER uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to        BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm
               analyze images on a standalone cloud-based         to analyze images and highlight cases with
                application in parallel to the ongoing standard of     detected ICH on a standalone desktop
               care image interpretation. The user is presented     application in parallel to the ongoing standard of
               with notifications for cases with suspected           care image interpretation. The user is presented
                 findings. Notifications include non-diagnostic        with notifications for cases with suspected ICH
              preview images that are meant for informational     findings. Notifications include compressed
              purposes only. The device does not alter the        preview images that are meant for informational
                 original medical image and is not intended to be     purposes only and not intended for diagnostic
              used as a diagnostic device.                      use beyond notification. The device does not
                                                                            alter the original medical image and is not
             The results of the device are intended to be used    intended to be used as a diagnostic device.
                  in conjunction with other patient information and
              based on professional judgment, to assist with      The results of BriefCase are intended to be used
                 triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified      in conjunction with other patient information
                  clinicians are responsible for viewing full images     and based on professional judgment, to assist
              per the standard of care.                          with triage/prioritization of medical images.
                                                                     Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing full
                                                            images per the standard of care.


Classification   21 CFR 892.2080/QAS                         21 CFR 892.2080/QAS
/
Product Code
Device          1. An on-premise module that:                         1. An on-premise module that:
Components    a. Performs de-identification of studies and pushes    a. Performs de-identification of studies and
            them to the cloud module.                       pushes them to the cloud module.
                 b. Receives results after processing on the cloud      b. Receives results after processing on the cloud
              module.                                       module.
                   c. Re-identifies the studies and sends them to the     c. Re-identifies the studies and sends them to
                radiology PACS and radiology worklist.              the radiology PACS and radiology worklist.

                  2. A cloud module that performs the analysis using   2. A cloud module that performs the analysis
              a pre-trained artificial intelligence algorithm.         using a pre-trained artificial intelligence


                                                                                        096

Parameter                   qER Device                                Aidoc Briefcase Software
                                 Subject Device                                    (K180647)

                                                                    algorithm.
Anatomical    Head                                     Head
region of
interest
Data        Non contrast CT scan of the head               Non contrast CT scan of the head or neck
acquisition
protocol
View DICOM  DICOM Information about the patient, study and    DICOM Information about the patient, study and
data           current image                                      current image
Segmentatio   No; device does not mark, highlight, or direct       No; device does not mark, highlight, or direct
n of region of   users’ attention to a specific location in the original   users’ attention to a specific location in the
interest        image.                                                   original image.
Algorithm        Artificial intelligence algorithm with database of       Artificial intelligence algorithm with database of
               images.                                          images.
Notification/    Yes, with controls for the user to select the finding   Yes
Prioritization   or combination of findings for triage
Preview        Presentation of a preview of the study for initial      Presentation of a preview of the study for initial
images        assessment not meant for diagnostic purposes.      assessment not meant for diagnostic purposes.
             The device operates in parallel with the standard    The device operates in parallel with the standard
                of care, which remains the default option for all      of care, which remains the default option for all
                cases.                                                cases.
Alteration of  No                                   No
original
image
Removal of   No                                   No
cases from
worklist
queue
Abnormalitie   Four findings: Intracranial haemorrhage, Mass      One finding: Intracranial hemorrhage
s triaged        effect, midline shift, cranial fracture and ICH
User control    Triages non-contrast CT scan when any of the 4     Non contrast CT scan of the head or neck
over triage     abnormalities are identified                           Single configuration

                 Notification/ prioritization with user provided
                control for configuring the triage finding or
              combination of finding(s)
Preview       Preview images returned to the PACS               Preview images on hover over the worklist
image
information    Preview images are reduced in size and their        Preview images are compressed and/or reduced
             dynamic range is limited                                                                            in size


                                                                                        097

Performance Data:

A retrospective, multicenter, blinded clinical study was conducted to test the accuracy of qER at triaging head
CT scans containing one of the conditions listed below and to establish the clinical benefit of such triage.

The study used 1320 head CT scans from multiple Unites States sites containing one or more of the following
conditions: Intracranial hemorrhage (n=629), cranial fractures (n=248), mass effect (n=471), midline shift
(n=414), and none of the target abnormalities (n=501) with 3 board-certified radiologists reading the scans to
obtain ground truth. Overall, 48.03% of scans in the testing dataset had a slice thickness less than or equal to
3.5 mm.

Sensitivity and specificity exceeded the predefined success criteria, as well as the required performance
criteria for triage and notification software as per the special controls for QAS, for all the 4 conditions
independently and in combination, demonstrating the ability of the qER device to effectively triage studies
containing one of these conditions.

                  Table 2. Primary Endpoint Results in qER Standalone Performance Study
     Abnormality                Sensitivity (95% CI),        Specificity (95% CI),     AUC (95% CI)
                             TP/P                 TN/N
      Intracranial Hemorrhage  96.98 (95.32 - 98.17),    93.92 (91.87 - 95.58),    98.53 (98.00 - 99.15)
                          610/629              649/691
      Cranial Fracture         96.77 (93.74 - 98.60),    92.72 (91.00 - 94.21),    97.66 (96.88 - 98.57)
                          240/248              994/1072
     Mass Effect             96.39 (94.28 - 97.88),    96.00 (94.45 - 97.21),    99.09 (98.73 - 99.52)
                          454/471              815/849
      Midline Shift            97.34 (95.30 - 98.67),    95.36 (93.79 - 96.64),    99.09 (98.74 - 99.51)
                          403/414              864/906
     Any of the 4 target       98.53 (97.45 - 99.24),    91.22 (88.39 - 93.55),   NA
      abnormalities          807/819              457/501
       The control group for specificity calculations and AUC includes all scans in the dataset not containing the
         target abnormality listed in that row. Control groups contain the other 3 target abnormalities and nontarget abnormalities. TP = true positives, P = all positives, TN = true negatives, N = all negatives

The clinical benefit of using qER to prioritize these scans was quantified by comparing the time before the scan
was opened by a radiologist in the Standard of Care (TTO) versus the time that qER notification was received
(TTN) for all the eligible head CT scans included in the standalone study.

Since scans not containing any target abnormality would not be prioritized by qER, scans containing one or
more of the target abnormalities were used for this analysis. Of the 819 studies containing one or more target
abnormalities, the requisite timestamp data was available for 386 scans, of which 378 were correctly identified
and notified by qER, and 8 were false negatives. These timestamps were collected and used for the clinical
benefit analysis (n=386).

The mean TTO was 65.54 mins (95% CI 59.14 – 71.76 mins) for Standard of Care and the mean TTN was 2.11
mins (95% CI 1.45 - 2.61 mins) for qER. qER TTN was substantially lower than standard of care TTO. Thus,
study prioritization by qER could substantially shorten the time that elapses before a critical head CT scan is
read and diagnosed.


                                                                                        098

Table 3. Comparison between Standard of Care Time-to-Open and qER Time-to-Notify a Head CT Scan
                                Containing One of the Target Abnormalities

                Parameter          Mean  (95%  CI)  in  Median  (95%   CI)   in
                                      minutes              minutes
               Time to open exam in  65.54    (59.14     -  60.01 (54.57 - 77.63)
                the standard of care     71.76)

                  Time-to-notification     2.11 (1.45 - 2.61)      1.21 (1.12 - 1.25)
                 with qER


Conclusion:

qER is as safe and effective as Aidoc’s Briefcase software.  qER has the same intended uses and similar
indications, technological characteristics, and principles of operation as  its predicate device.  The minor
differences in indications do not alter the intended use of the device and do not affect  its safety and
effectiveness when used as labeled. Thus, qER is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                                                        099