September 17, 2020

Coreline Soft Co., Ltd
Hye Yi Park
Deputy General Manager/Strategic Business Dept.
4, 5F (Yeonnam-dong) 49,
World Cup buk-ro-6-gil,
Mapo-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea

Re: K200714
    Trade/Device Name: AVIEW
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ, JAK

Dear Hye Yi Park:

The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is sending this letter to notify you of an administrative change
related to your previous substantial equivalence (SE) determination letter dated August 26, 2020.
Specifically, FDA is updating this SE Letter for a typographical error in the trade name as an administrative
correction.

Please note that the 510(k) submission was not re-reviewed. For questions regarding this letter please contact
Thalia T. Mills, OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health, 301-796-6641,
thalia.mills@fda.hhs.gov.

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


Enclosure


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

August 26, 2020
Coreline Soft Co., Ltd
  Hyeyi Park
Deputy General Manager/Strategic Business Dept.
4, 5F (Yeonnam-dong)
49 World Cup buk-ro-6-gil
Mapo-gu, Seoul 03991
REPUBLIC OF KOREA

Re: K200714
    Trade/Device Name: AVIEW 2.0
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ, JAK
    Dated: July 17, 2020
    Received: July 20, 2020

Dear Hyeyi Park:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K200714 - Hyeyi Park                                                                 Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K200714

Device Name
AVIEW


Indications for Use (Describe)
AVIEW provides CT values for pulmonary tissue from CT thoracic and cardiac datasets. This software could be used to
support the physician quantitatively in the diagnosis, follow up evaluation and documentation of CT lung tissue images by
providing image segmentation of sub-structures in lung, lobe, airways and cardiac, registration of inspiration and
expiration which could analyze quantitative information such as air trapping volume, air trapped index, and inspiration/
expiration ratio. And also, volumetric and structure analysis, density evaluation and reporting tools. AVIEW is also used
to store, transfer, inquire and display CT data set on premise and as cloud environment as well to allow users to connect
by various environment such as mobile devices and chrome browser. Characterizing nodules in the lung in a single study,
or over the time course of several thoracic studies. Characterizations include nodule type, location of the nodule and
measurements such as size (major axis, minor axis), estimated effective diameter from the volume of the nodule, volume
of the nodule, Mean HU(the average value of the CT pixel inside the nodule in HU), Minimum HU, Max HU, mass(mass
calculated from the CT pixel value), and volumetric measures(Solid major; length of the longest diameter measured in 3D
for solid portion of the nodule, Solid 2nd Major: The length of the longest diameter of the solid part, measured in sections
perpendicular to the Major axis of the solid portion of the nodule), VDT (Volume doubling time), and Lung-RADS
(classification proposed to aid with findings). The system automatically performs the measurement, allowing lung nodules
and measurements to be displayed and, integrate with FDA certified Mevis CAD (Computer aided detection) (K043617).
It also provides CAC analysis by segmentation of four main artery (right coronary artery, left main coronary, left anterior
descending and left circumflex artery then extracts calcium on coronary artery to provide Agatston score, volume score
and mass score by whole and each segmented artery type. Based on the score, provides CAC risk based on age and
gender.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K200714                    510(k) Summary

1 SUBMITTER

Coreline Soft Co., Ltd.
4,5F (Yeonnam-dong), 49 World Cup buk-ro 6-gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, 03991, Republic of Korea.


Phone: 82.2.517.7321
Fax: 82.2.571.7324

Contact Person: hyeyi. Park
Date Prepared: 03.13.2020

2 DEVICE

Name of Device: AVIEW
Common or Usual Name: Image Processing Software
Classification Name: System, image processing, radiological (21CFR 892.2050)
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: LLZ, JAK

3 PREDICATE DEVICE

AVIEW by Coraline Soft Co., Ltd. (K171199)

Name of Device: AVIEW
Common or Usual Name: Image Processing Software
Classification Name: System, image processing, radiological (21CFR 892.2050)
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: LLZ

This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall

4 REFERENCE DEVICE

Imbio CT Lung Density Analysis Software by Imbio LLC (K141069)
Name of Device: Imbio CT Lung Density Analysis Software
Common or Usual Name: Software Accessory to a Computed Tomography Device
Classification Name: System, X-ray tomography, Computed (21CFR 892.1750)
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: JAK


                                                                                                                     1

AVIEW LCS by Coraline Soft Co., Ltd. (K193220)
Name of Device: AVIEW LCS
Common or Usual Name: Image Processing Software
Classification Name: System, image processing, radiological (21CFR 892.2050)
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: LLZ, JAK

AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) by Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc. (K183268)
Name of Device: AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)
Common or Usual Name: AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)
Classification Name: Computed tomography x-ray system (21CFR 892.1750)
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: JAK, LLZ

Calcium Scoring by Siemens Medical Solutions, Inc. (K990426)
Name of Device: Calcium Scoring
Common or Usual Name: Calcium Scoring
Classification Name: System, X-ray tomography, Computed (21CFR 892.1750)
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: JAK

This reference device has not been subject to a design-related recall

5 DEVICEW DESCRIPTION

The AVIEW is a software product which can be installed on a PC. It shows images taken with the interface
from various storage devices using DICOM 3.0 which is the digital image and communication standard in
medicine. It also offers functions such as reading, manipulation, analyzing, post-processing, saving and
sending images by using the software tools. And is intended for use as diagnostic patient imaging which is
intended for the review and analysis of CT scanning. Provides following features as semi-automatic nodule
management, maximal plane measure, 3D measures and columetric measures, automatic nodule detection by
integration with 3rd party CAD. Also provides Brocks model which calculated the malignancy score based on
numerical or Boolean inputs. Follow up support with automated nodule matching and automatically categorize
Lung-RADS score which is a quality assurance tool designed to standardize lung cancer screening CT
reporting and management recommendations that is based on type, size, size change and other findings that is
reported.  It  also  automatically  analyzes coronary  artery  calcification which  support  user  to  detect
cardiovascular disease in early stage and reduce the burden of medical.

•   Fully automatic pre-processing
      •    Fully automatic lung/lobe segmentation using deep-learning algorithms.
      •    Fully automatic airway segmentation using deep-learning algorithms.
      •    Fully automatic INSP/EXP registration (non-rigid elastic) algorithm.
•  COPD analysis


                                                                                                                     2

•  LAA analysis (LAA-950HU for INSP, LAA-856HU for EXP)
      •  LAA size analysis (D-Slope)
           •   The world-first true 3D analysis of LAA cluster sizes.
      •    Precise airway wall thickness measurement
           •   Robust measurement using IBHB (Integral-Based Half-BAND) method.
           •    Precise AWT-Pi10 calculation from 10 samples per each branch
      •    Air-trapping analysis using INSP/EXP registration
      •  PRM analysis using INSP/EXP registration (Not available in US)
      •   Unique pulmonary vessel analysis method (Lobar-pealing method)
•   Easy and comprehensive UI
      •   Multiple database management
      •   Comprehensive dynamic bull’s eye chart and tables.
      •   Web-based access to analysis results, including 3D rendering (Thin-client technology)
      •  PDF report generation
•   Interoperability
      •  DICOM 3.0 COMPLIANT: C-STORE, C-FIND, C-MOVE and C-ECHO
      •    Resulting images and report can be transferred to PACS through DICOM connection
•   Thin client service
      •   Connected from anywhere, anyplace, anytime.
      •   Supports mobile view through various mobile devices served by iOS and Android.
      •   Compatible with Chrome browser
•   Research-support
      •   1000+ feature values are exporting for radiomics research.
      •    All the segmentation masks are stored in open format (such as Analyze or NifTi)
•   Easy processing management
      •   Rule-based automatic processing server (APS)
      •   Scaling
•  Nodule Management
     •   Adding nodule by segmentation or by lines.
     •   Semi-automatic nodule measurement (segmentation)
     •   Maximal plane measure, 3D measure and volumetric measure.
     •   Automatic large vessel removal.
     •   Provides various features calculated per each nodule.
     •   Fully supporting Lung-RADS workflow: US Lung-RADS and KR Lung-RADS.
     •   Nodule malignancy score (PANCAN model calculation.)
     •   Importing from CAD results.
•   Follow-up
     •   Automatic retrieving the past data
     •   Follow-up support with nodule matching and comparison
     •   Automatic calculation of VDT (volume doubling time)
•   Lungs, Lobes and Airway segmentation
      •    Better segmentation of lungs, lobes and airway based on deep-learning algorithms.
•  Automatic nodule detection (CADe)
      •   Seamless integration with Mevis Visia (FDA 510(k) Cleared)
•  Coronary Artery Calcification
      •    Extracts calcium coronary artery and provide Agatston Score, Volume Score and Mass score.
      •   Automatically segments calcium area of coronary artery based on deep learning


                                                                                                                     3

•   Segments and provides overlay of four main artery (right coronary artery, left main coronary, left anteriordescending, and left circumflex artery) and myocardium
         •   Provides CAC risk based on age and gender.
  •  Report
         •  PDF report generation
         •     It saves or sends the pdf report and captured images in DICOM files.
         •   Reports are generated using the results of all nodules detected so far (Lung RADS)
  •  Save Result
        •     It saves the results in internal format

 6  INDICATIONS FOR USE

 AVIEW provides CT values for pulmonary tissue from CT thoracic and cardiac datasets. This software could be used
  to support the physician quantitatively in the diagnosis, follow up evaluation and documentation of CT lung tissue
  images by providing image segmentation of sub-structures in lung, lobe, airways and cardiac, registration of
  inspiration and expiration which could analyze quantitative information such as air trapping volume, air trapped
  index, and inspiration/expiration ratio. And also, volumetric and structure analysis, density evaluation and reporting
   tools. AVIEW is also used to store, transfer, inquire and display CT data set on premise and as cloud environment as
  well to allow users to connect by various environment such as mobile devices and chrome browser. Characterizing
  nodules in the lung in a single study, or over the time course of several thoracic studies. Characterizations include
  nodule type, location of the nodule and measurements such as size (major axis, minor axis), estimated effective
  diameter from the volume of the nodule, volume of the nodule, Mean HU(the average value of the CT pixel inside the
  nodule  in HU), Minimum HU, Max HU, mass(mass  calculated from  the CT  pixel  value), and volumetric
  measures(Solid major; length of the longest diameter measured in 3D for solid portion of the nodule, Solid 2nd Major:
  The length of the longest diameter of the solid part, measured in sections perpendicular to the Major axis of the solid
  portion of the nodule), VDT (Volume doubling time), and Lung-RADS (classification proposed to aid with findings).
  The system automatically performs the measurement, allowing lung nodules and measurements to be displayed and,
  integrate with FDA certified Mevis CAD (Computer aided detection) (K043617). It also provides CAC analysis by
  segmentation of four main artery (right coronary artery,  left main coronary,  left anterior descending and  left
  circumflex artery then extracts calcium on coronary artery to provide Agatston score, volume score and mass score by
  whole and each segmented artery type. Based on the score, provides CAC risk based on age and gender.

 7 COMPARISION OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH


Characteristic        Subject Device       Primary Predicate      Reference Device       Reference Device     Reference Device       Reference Device
                                               Device
                AVIEW 2.0         AVIEW          Imbio CT Lung       AVIEW LCS           AI-Rad         Calcium Scoring Device Name
                                                                  Density Analysis                           Companion
                                                                   Software                                  (Cardiovascular)
                      System, image          System, image     Computed Tomography       System, image          Computed           Computed
Classification     Processing Radiological        Processing             x-ray system              Processing        Tomography x-ray    Tomography x-ray
   Name                                                 Radiological                                      Radiological             system               system

                                                                                                                       4

Regulatory        21 CFR 892.2050       21 CFR 892.2050      21 CFR 892.1750       21 CFR 892.2050      21 CFR 892.1750     21 CFR 892.1750
  Number

Product Code          LLZ, JAK             LLZ              JAK              LLZ, JAK            JAK             JAK
 Review Panel           Radiology              Radiology             Radiology              Radiology             Radiology            Radiology
510k Number                     -                K171199            K141069             K193220            K183268           K990426
            AVIEW 2.0
             AVIEW provides CT values for pulmonary tissue from CT thoracic and cardiac datasets. This software could be used to support the physician
                     quantitatively in the diagnosis, follow up evaluation and documentation of CT lung tissue images by providing image segmentation of sub-structures in
                    lung, lobe, airways and cardiac, registration of inspiration and expiration which could analyze air trapping on lung, volumetric and structure analysis,
                    density evaluation and reporting tools. AVIEW is also used to store, transfer, inquire and display CT data set on premise and as cloud environment as
                   well to allow users to connect by various environment such as mobile devices and chrome browser. Characterizing nodules in the lung in a single study,
                    or over the time course of several thoracic studies. Characterizations include nodule type, location of the nodule and measurements such as size (major
                      axis, minor axis), estimated effective diameter from the volume of the nodule, volume of the nodule, Mean HU(the average value of the CT pixel inside
                    the nodule in HU), Minimum HU, Max HU, mass(mass calculated from the CT pixel value), and volumetric measures(Solid major; length of the longest
                   diameter measured in 3D for solid portion of the nodule, Solid 2nd Major: The length of the longest diameter of the solid part, measured in sections
                    perpendicular to the Major axis of the solid portion of the nodule), VDT (Volume doubling time), and Lung-RADS (classification proposed to aid with
                     findings). The system automatically performs the measurement, allowing lung nodules and measurements to be displayed and, integrate with FDA
                      certified Mevis CAD (Computer aided detection) (K043617). It also provides CAC analysis by segmentation of four main artery (right coronary artery,
                         left main coronary, left anterior descending and left circumflex artery then extracts calcium on coronary artery to provide Agatston score, volume score
                 and mass score by whole and each segmented artery type. Based on the score, provides CAC risk based on age and gender.
            AVIEW
             AVEIW provides CT values for pulmonary tissue from CT thoracic datasets. This software can be used to support the physician quantitatively in the
                    diagnosis, followup evaluation and documentation of CT lung tissue images by providing image segmentation of sub-structures in the left and right lung
                        (e.g., the five lobes and airway), volumetric and structural analysis, density evaluations and reporting tools. AVIEW is also used to store, transfer, inquire
                 and display CT data sets. AVEIW is not meant for primary image Interpretation in mammography.
                Imbio CT Lung Density Analysis Software
                The Imbio CT Lung Density Analysis Software provides reproducible CT values for pulmonary tissue, which is essential for providing quantitative
                   support for diagnosis follow up examinations. The Imbio CT Lung Density Analysis Software can be used to support the physician in the diagnosis and
                  documentation of pulmonary tissue images (e.g., abnormalities) from CT thoracic datasets. Three-D segmentation and isolation of sub-compartments,
                   volumetric analysis, density evaluation, and reporting tools are provided.
            AVEIW LCS
             AVIEW LCS is intended for the review and analysis and reporting of thoracic CT images for the purpose of characterizing nodules in the lung in a single
                     study, or over the time course of several thoracic studies. Characterizations include nodule type, location of the nodule and measurements such as size
                   (major axis, minor axis), estimated effective diameter from the volume of the nodule, the volume of the nodule, Mean HU(the average value of the CT
Indications for                     pixel inside the nodule in HU), Minimum HU, Max HU, mass(mass calculated from the CT pixel value), and volumetric measures (Solid Major, length
     use                    of the longest diameter measured in 3D for a solid portion of the nodule. Solid 2nd Major: The length of the longest diameter of the solid part, measured
                     in sections perpendicular to the Major axis of the solid portion of the nodule), VDT(Volume doubling time), and Lung-RADS (classification proposed
                     to aid with findings). The system automatically performs the measurement, allowing lung nodules and measurements to be displayed and, also integrate
                   with FDA certified Mevis CAD (Computer-aided detection) (K043617)
               AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)
                 AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) is processing software that provides quantitative and qualitative analysis from previously acquired Computed
                Tomography DICOM images to support radiologists and physicians from emergency medicine, specialty care, urgent care, and general practice in the
                    evaluation and assessment of cardiovascular disease.
                           It provides the following functionality:
                             Segmentation and volume measurement of the heart
                             Quantification of the total calcium volume in the coronary arteries
                             Segmentation of the aorta
                             Measurement of maximum diameters of the aorta at typical landmarks
                             Threshold-based highlighting of enlarged diameters

                The software has been validated for non-cardiac chest CT data with filtered backprojection reconstruction from Siemens Helathineers, GE Healthcare,
                      Philips, and Toshiba/Canon, Additionally, the calcium detection feature has been validated on non-cardiac chest CT data with iterative reconstruction
                 form Siemens Healthineers.

                 Only DICOM images of adult patients are considered to be valid input.
                Calcium Scoring
               From user specified sets of CT cardiac images, Calcium Scoring can be used to;
                             Allow the user to interactively indicate regions of detected calcification
                             To allow the user to allocate each detected region to one of several coronary arteries
                             To estimate algorithmically a score for the amount of detected calcification in each allocated artery
                             To prepare reports including reports including calcium score data, Imagery, ECG traces, Comparison of scroe to cited literature and additional
                         relevant information.
                The calcium-scoring package is a diagnostic tool that can be used to evaluate the calcified plaques in the coronary arteries, which is a risk factor for
                  coronary artery disease. Calcium scoring may be used to monitor the progression or regression overtime of the amount or volume of calcium in the
                  coronary arteries, which may be related to the prognosis of a cardiac attack.
                 IBM-compatible PC or   IBM-compatible PC   IBM-compatible PC or   IBM-compatible PC or   IBM-compatible PC   IBM-compatible PC
   Platform
              PC network               or PC network      PC network          PC network              or PC network         or PC network

User Interface     Monitor,       Mouse,   Monitor,    Mouse,   Monitor,      Mouse,   Monitor,      Mouse,   Monitor,    Mouse,   Monitor,    Mouse,


                                                                                                                        5

Keyboard               Keyboard            Keyboard              Keyboard              Keyboard            Keyboard
                                        Images   can   be                             Images can be         Images can be        Images can be
                 Images can be scanned,                       Images can be scanned,
                                             scanned,     loaded                             scanned, loaded from      scanned, loaded        scanned, loaded
                  loaded    from    card                            loaded from card
 Image Input                            from card readers, or                                card readers, or      from card readers, or   from card readers, or
                     readers,   or   imported                              readers, or imported
   Sources                                imported  from   a                              imported from a        imported from a       imported from a
                 from   a   radiographic                        from a radiographic
                                              radiographic                                      radiographic imaging        radiographic           radiographic
                 imaging device                                   imaging device
                                         imaging device                                         device            imaging device        imaging device
Image format        DICOM           DICOM          DICOM           DICOM          DICOM          DICOM
                                           Ruler (line and 3D),
                  Ruler  (line  and  3D),                                                 Ruler  (line and 3D),
                                            Tapeline     (curve,
                   Tapeline  (curve,  poly                                                  Tapeline  (curve, poly
                                           poly and3D), Angle
   Image        and3D), Angle (3-point,                                               and3D),  Angle   (3-
                                                  (3-point, 4point, and
Measurement     4point, and 3D),  pixel                                               -               point, 4point, and 3D),                -                            -
                                           3D), pixel
    Tools          values,  area  of  ROI                                                       pixel  values,  area  of
                                                values, area of ROI
                     (rectangle,         circle,                                      ROI (rectangle, circle,
                                                  (rectangle,     circle,
                       ellipse), volume                                                                       ellipse), volume
                                                       ellipse), volume

                                               Axial,  sagittal, and
                    Axial,    sagittal,   and                                                     Axial,   sagittal,  and
                                             coronal      image,
Image viewing     coronal image, oblique                                               -              coronal image, oblique                -                            -
                                             oblique  slice, cube
                        slice, cube view                                                                         slice, cube view
                                        view


                                            Panning,    rotating,
                   Panning,        rotating,                                                  Panning,      rotating,
                                         zooming,
                  zooming,   windowing,                                               zooming,  windowing,
   Image                                windowing,
                     inverting,     Coloring,                                               -              Coloring,     Oblique,                -                            -
manipulation                                   inverting,  Coloring,
                   Oblique, Note (text                                                 Note (text
                                             Oblique, Note (text
                     overlay), Coloring                                                             overlay), Coloring
                                                 overlay), Coloring
            AVIEW 2.0

                The AVIEW is a software product which can be installed on a PC. It shows images taken with the interface from various storage devices using DICOM
                    3.0 which is the digital image and communication standard in medicine. It also offers functions such as reading, manipulation, analyzing, post-processing,
                   saving and sending images by using the software tools. And is intended for use as diagnostic patient imaging which is intended for the review and analysis
                    of CT scanning. Provides following features as semi-automatic nodule management, maximal plane measure, 3D measures and volumetric measures,
                   automatic nodule detection by integration with 3rd party CAD. Also provides Brocks model which calculated the malignancy score based on numerical
                    or Boolean inputs. Follow up support with automated nodule matching and automatically categorize Lung-RADS score which is a quality assurance tool
                  designed to standardize lung cancer screening CT reporting and management recommendations that is based on type, size, size change and other findings
                      that is reported. It also automatically analyzes coronary artery calcification which support user to detect cardiovascular disease in early stage and reduce
                    the burden of medical.
            AVIEW

                The AVIEW is a software product which can be installed on a PC. It shows images taken with the interface from various storage devices using DICOM
                    3.0 which is the digital image and communication standard in medicine. It also offers functions such as reading. Manipulation, analyzing, post-processing,
                   saving and sending images by using the software tools.
                Imbio CT Lung Density Analysis Software

                The Imbio CT Lung Density Analysis Software (Imbio LDA) IS A SET OF IMAGE POST-PROCESSING ALGORITHMS THAT PERFORM IAMGE
              SEGMENTATION, REGISTRATION, THRESHOLDING, AND CLASSIFICATION ON ct images of juman lungs.
                The algorithms within the Imbio CT Lung Density Analysis Software are combined into a single command-line or through scripting. The Imbio CT Lung
   General        Density Analysis Software program performs segmentation, then registration, then thresholding and classification. The program reads in DICOM
 Description       datasets, processes the data, then writes output DICOM files to a specified directory.
                The Imbio CT Lung Density Analysis Software is a command-line software application that analyzed DICOM CT Lung images datasets and generated
                     reports and DICOM output that show the lungs segmented and overlaid with colorpcodings representing the results of its thresholding and classification
                      rules. It has simple file management functions for input and output, and separate modules that implement the CT image-processing algorithms. Imbio
             CT Lung Density Analysis Software does not interface directly with any CT or data collection equipment; instead the software imports data files
                   previously generated by such equipment.
            AVIEW LCS
             AVIEW LCS is intended for use as diagnostic patient imaging which is intended for the review and analysis of thoracic CT images. Provides following
                     features as semi-automatic nodule measurement (segmentation), maximal plane measure, 3D measure and volumetric measures, automatic nodules
                    detection by integration with 3rd party CAD. Also provide cancer risk based on PANCAN risk model which calculated the malignancy score based on
                  numerical or Boolean inputs. Follow up support with automated nodule matching and automatically categorize Lung-RADS score which is a quality
                   assurance tool designed to standardize lung cancer screening CT reporting and management recommendations that is based on type, size, size change
                 and other findings that is reported.
               AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)
                    In general, AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) is a software only image post-processing application that uses deep learning algorithms to post-process
             CT data of the thorax. As an update to the previously cleared devices, the following modifications have been made;
                   1) Modified indication for Use Statement
                   2) Support of software AI-Rad Companion CT VA10A
                        a) heart segmentation including measurement (modified)
                      b) calcium detection based on deep learning algorithm (modified)
                        c) Aorta segmentation (modified)


                                                                                                                        6

d) AHA landmarks for labeling and diameter measurement of the aorta, including threshold-based aorta diameter classification (modified)
                   3) subject device claims list
                The subject device AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) is an image processing software that utilizes deep learning algorithms to provide quantitative
                 and qualitative analysis from previously acquired Computed Tomography DICOM image to support radilogists and physicians from emergency medicine,
                     specialty care, urgent care, and general practice in the evaluation and assessment of disease of the thorax. The subject devcei support the following device
                     specific functionality.
                                       Segmentation and volume measurement of heart
                                        Identification and measurement of volume with high Hounsfield values- related to coronary calcification
                                       Segmentation of the aorta determination of 9 Landmarks.
                                       Computation of cross-sectional MPRs at the 9 landmarks and their maximum diameter
                                      Measurement of maximum diameters of the aorta at typical landmakrs.
                  Threshold-based classification of diameters into different categories
                Calcium Scoring

                 Calcium Scoring is a software package running on the 3Dvirtuoso workstation that allows the user to mark regions of detected calcification in CT cardiac
                  images, to assign each region to a coronary artery, and to calculate the Agatston score and other information from the identified pixels. Film and paper
                     reports of the results can also be prepared. Calcium Scoring is also a cost-effective alternative to Electron Beam CT (EBCT), since it produces calcium
                   scores that correlated to the EBCT’s gold standard, but at a much lower cost.
                  This  receives DICOM   This        receives   Retrieve  image  data   This receives DICOM   Retrieve image data   Retrieve image data
                    data   from  CT   by  DICOM  data from   over  the network  via   data  from  CT  by   over the network via   over the network via
            DICOM communication  CT   by  DICOM  DICOM           DICOM           DICOM          DICOM
                 Conducts DICOM data   communication                              communication
                 communication    with   Conducts  DICOM                          Conducts DICOM data
  DICOM      PACS.  It  also imports   data communication                          communication   with
            DICOM   file   directly,   with PACS.  It also                      PACS. It also imports
                   saves by using  export   imports DICOM file                  DICOM  file  directly,
                    function.                     directly,  saves  by                            saves by using export
                                             using         export                               function.
                                                 function.
                   Fully  automatic  lungs,
                   lobes   and    airways
                  segmentation     using                                                                               -                                           Semi-automatic
                   deep-learning                                            segmentation     of
                   algorithms                                                lungs,   lobes  and
                  Semi-automatic            airways.
                  segmentation  of  lungs,
                   lobes and airways.

                                                Visualization     of
                    Visualization  of  multimulti-planar
                    planar     reconstructed
                                               reconstructed (MPR)
               (MPR) images and 3D
                                         images   and  3D
                   rendered  images,  with                                                                               -
                                            rendered    images,
                    color-defined
                                           with   color-defined
                  Hounsfield  Unit (HU)
                                            Hounsfield     Unit
                    ranges.
                                     (HU) ranges.
                                              Calculation of LAA
                    Calculation   of  LAA
                                       (Lower  Attenuation
                 (Lower     Attenuation
                                          Area) index with HU
                  Area)  index  with HU
                                               density   histogram.                                                  -
                    density      histogram.Lung Analysis                         Volume
               Volume  measurements
  Functions                              measurements   and
                 and percentile index
                                                 percentile index
                                              Calculation of LAA
                    Calculation   of  LAA
                                                   cluster           size
                     cluster size distribution                                                                               -
                                                   distribution with Dwith D-slope
                                              slope
                   Graphical  visualization   Graphical
                   of       the      above   visualization of  the
                                                                                                                                     -
                     quantification results for   above quantification
                    reporting                    results for reporting

                                           Export           of
                  Export of quantification
                                                 quantification results                                                  -
                      results to CSV tables
                                                 to CSV tables

                                               Visualization     of
                    Visualization of LAA%
                           LAA% for each of 5                                                  -
                     for each of 5 lobes
                                              lobes

                 Measurements  of  the   Measurements of the
                  airway  branches,  such     airway branches,
                      as, lumen area and wall    such as, lumen area
                    area                       and wall area


                                                                                                                       7

Imbio         provides
                                                                   segmentation  of  lung
                                                              and        automatied
                                                                               registration          of
                                                                             inspiration        and
                   Analyzes Air Trapping
                                                                          expiration image part to
                   Index by registration of
                                                                              classify the analysis by
                       inspiration         and
                                                                        -             thresholding   the  CT
                      expiration  data. Could
                                                                             data.
                  compare  both  IN/EX
                                                                                                  It  also  provides  an
                        after the registration
                                                                               interctive  visualliztion
                                                                       of the registered pairs to
                                                                    analyze    low-density
                                                                              cluster  (air  trap) and
                                                                  airway analysis.
                                                             Uses  advanced image
                     Fully         automatic
                                                                      processing  techniques
                INSP/EXP   registration
                                                                        -              to  spatially  “register”
                      (non-rigid        elastic)
                                                           two CT image of the
                     algorithm.
                                                                          lungs.
                     Fully         automatic
                     lung/lobe  segmentation
                                                                        -                -                            same
                    using     deep-learning
                     algorithms
                   Automatic calculation of
                   measurements  for each
                   segmented nodule
                              Size of the Major axis
                     and Minor axis(mm)
                              Diameter  of  Major
                       (3D),   2nd   Major                -                              -                   same
                       (3D),    Major(2D),
                    Minor(2D) (mm)
                              Volume(mm³)
                             Max, Min, Mean HU
                        of the nodule((HU)
                   Cancer probability (%)
                  Comparison       and
                   matching     automatic
                      calculations    between
                   each follow-up scan and
                      the baseline scan
                                                                               Same
                              Doubling  time   in                -                              -
                      days
Lung    Cancer      Indicated the change
Screening              of the size
                  Auto  generate  LungRADS

                   Loading multiple studies                -                              -                 Same

                  Workflow
                               Detect and Segment
                              Comparison    and
                      Matching
                               Results                                                                        -                              -                 Same
                   Option to integrate with
                          3rd  party CAD  which
                     automatically detects the
                    nodules  and  generate
                      report
                    Supporting   Low-dose
                                                                        -                              -                 Same
              CT
                    Reporting results
                 The results include the
                     following;
                               Lung-RADS
                                                                        -                              -                 Same
                              PANCAN      risk
                           calculator
                               Auto detect nodule
                           location by lobe


                                                                                                                         8

evaluation      and
                    Extracting Calcium on                                                                              Extracting  Calcium   documentation    of
                  Coronary  Artery  and                                                                 on Coronary Artery    calcified   coronary
                   provides Agatston score,                -                              -                               -            and        provides   lesions,  calculation
                 volume score and mass                                                                        Agatston score and   of   the   Agatston
Cardiac (CAC)     score.                                                                                volume score          equivalent
                                                                                                                                               score
                   Automatically segments
                                                                                                         Calcium   Detection
                  calcium area of coronary
                                                                                                           deep learning-based
                      artery  based  on  deep
                                                                                                                      algorithm
                     learning.

  8 PERFORMANCE DATA

  8.1 Nonclinical Performance Testing

  This Medical device is not new; therefore, a clinical study was not considered necessary prior to release.
  Additionally, there was no clinical testing required to support the medical device as the indications for use is
  equivalent to the predicate device. The substantial equivalence of the device is supported by the non-clinical
   testing

  8.2 Software Verification and Validation

   Verification, validation and testing activities were conducted to establish the performance, functionality and
   reliability characteristics of the modified devices. The device passed all of the tests based on pre-determined
  Pass/Fail criteria.
        -   Unit Test
         Conducting Unit Test using Google C++ Unit Test Framework on major software components identified by
          software development team. List of Unit Test includes Functional test condition for software component unit,
         Performance test condition, and part of algorithm analysis for image processing algorithm.

        -  System Test
          In accordance with the document ‘integration Test Cases’ discussed in advanced by software development team
         and test team, test is conducted by installing software to hardware with recommended system specification.
          Despite Test case recognized in advance was not in existence. New software error discovered by ‘Exploratory
           Test’ conducted by test team will be registered and managed as new test case after discussion between
         development team and test team.
         Discovered software error will be classified into 3 categories as severity and managed.
          ✓  Major defects, which are impacting the product’s intended use and no workaround is available.
          ✓  Moderate defects, which are typically related to user-interface or general quality of product, while
                     workaround is available.
          ✓  Minor defects, which aren’t impacting the product’s intended use. Not significant.
          Success standard of System Test is not finding ‘Major’, ‘Moderate’ defect.

        -   Performance Test
            •  Auto Lung & Lobe Segmentation
            •  Airway Segmentation
            •  Nodule Matching Experiment Using Lung Registration
            •  Validation on DVF Size Optimization with Sub-sampling
            •  Semi-automatic Nodule Segmentation


                                                                                                                        9

•  Brock Model (ask PANCAN) Calculation
          • VDT Calculation
          •  Lung RADS Calculation
          •  Validation LAA Analysis
          •  Validation LAA Size Analysis
          •  Size analysis algorithm of LAA clusters
          •  Lung Registration
          •  Reliability Test for Airway wall Measurement
          • CAC Performance
          •  Air Trapping Analysis

9 CONCLUSIONS

The new device and predicate device are substantially equivalent in the areas of technical characteristics,
general functions, application, and intended use. The new device does not introduce a fundamentally new
scientific technology, and the nonclinical tests demonstrate that the device is safe and effective. Therefore, it
is our opinion that the AVIEW described in this submission is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                                                                                    10