Resonance Health Analysis Services Pty Ltd.                       December 7, 2020
℅ Ms. Alison Laws
CEO
141 Burswood Road
Burswood, Western Australia 6100
AUSTRALIA

Re: K201039
    Trade/Device Name: HepaFat-AI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic resonance diagnostic device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH
    Dated: October 15, 2020
    Received: November 2, 2020

Dear Ms. Laws:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K201039 – Ms. Alison Laws                                                            Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                          Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                   Indications for Use                         See PRA Statement below.

51 0(k) Number (if known)
201039K201039
Device Name
HepaFat-AI


Indications for Use (Describe)
HepaFat-AI is indicated to:
• Assess the volumetric liver fat fraction, proton density fat fraction and steatosis grade in individuals with confirmed or
suspected fatty liver disease;

When interpreted by a trained physician, the results can be used to
• monitor liver fat content in patients undergoing weight loss management and can be used to
• aid in the assessment and screening of living donors for liver transplant.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
               IZI Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                            Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K201039

510(K) SUMMARY

This Summary has been prepared in accordance with 21 CFR 807.92.

   GENERAL INFORMATION

 Date Prepared                               4th December 2020

 Submitted by                      Resonance Health Analysis Service Pty Ltd

                                 141 Burswood Rd

                                Burswood 6100

                          AUSTRALIA

 Main Contact                Ms Alison Laws

                         CEO

                                     alisonl@resonancehealth.com

                                         Tel: +61 8 9286 5300

                                     Fax: +61 8 9286 5399

 US Contact (US Agent)              Michael van der Woude

                                        Director & GM

                               Emergo Global Representation LLC

                                 2500 Bee Cave Road, Building 1, Suite 300

                                        Austin, TX 78746

                                    Phone: 512 3279997

                                     Fax: 512 3279998

                                     Email: USAgent@ul.com


   DEVICE INFORMATION

 Name of Device                    HepaFat-AI

 Trade/proprietary Name             HepaFat-AI

 Classification                        Class II

 Product Code                   90-LNH

 CFR Section                       892.1000  Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device

 Panel                              Radiology

Description of the Device

The HepaFat-AI Analysis System is a software platform designed to automatically analyse magnetic
resonance imaging (MRI) datasets to generate an estimate of the patient’s volumetric liver fat fraction
(VLFF). To carry out an analysis, the user simply uploads raw DICOM images to the HepaFat-AI Analysis
System. No user input is required for the analysis thus minimising the impact of human error on obtained
results.  The HepaFat-AI system requires image input data that have been acquired according to the
HepaFat-Scan protocol.

The key components for the HepaFat-AI Analysis System for volumetric liver fat fraction measurement
are:
       •      Magnetic Resonance Imaging Protocol: The use of a specific magnetic resonance imaging
               protocol for acquisition of the raw image data. The imaging protocol is critical to ensure
                the quality of the end results. Its adherence is verified by the IQC Module, an automated
               algorithm that checks the correctness of each parameter in the protocol.
       •      HepaFat-AI Analysis Software: Custom-designed image analysis software performing the
             Alpha measurement and anomaly  detection  based on  Artificial  Intelligence  (AI)
               technology. It is composed of 2 convolutional neural networks. The primary network is for
                the prediction of Alpha and a secondary network is for anomaly detection. This element is
               considered the medical device for a regulatory perspective. Following the training of the
            AI tool, the system is ‘locked-down’ for final validation prior to release in commercial use
                to ensure reproducibility of the results.
       •      Volumetric Liver Fat Fraction Measurement: An additional software module (algorithmic)
                 that incorporates a conversion lookup table relating Alpha to volumetric liver fat fraction
            (VLFF) is added to allow production of a volumetric liver fat fraction report.
       •      Proton Density Fat Fraction Measurement: An additional software module (algorithmic)
                 that incorporates a conversion lookup table relating VLFF to proton density fat fraction
             (PDFF) is added to allow production of a proton density fat fraction report.
       •       Steatosis  Grade  Measurement: An  additional  software module  (algorithmic)  that
                incorporates a conversion lookup table relating VLFF to the steatosis grade.

The output of the HepaFat-AI Analysis System is an automated generated report. This report is populated
with the information stored in the DICOM header of the MRI images, and the analysis result Alpha
converted into a VLFF value, a PDFF value and a steatosis grade, associated confidence interval and normal
range. The report also contains pictures of the 3 TEs of the analysed slice. This is essential for the radiologist
to check if the image analysed is a liver image, and the result provided is consistent with other relevant
clinical results.

Intended Use

The intended use of HepaFat-AI is:

      HepaFat-AI is intended for quantitative measurement of the triglyceride fat fraction in magnetic
      resonance images of the liver, also known as volumetric liver fat fraction (VLFF).

Indications for Use

HepaFat-AI is indicated to:

•   Assess the volumetric liver fat fraction, proton density fat fraction and steatosis grade in
        individuals with confirmed or suspected fatty liver disease;
When interpreted by a trained physician, the results can be used to
    •   Monitor liver fat content in patients undergoing weight loss management and can be used to
    •  Aid in the assessment and screening of living donors for liver transplant

   PREDICATE INFORMATION

HepaFat-AI is substantially equivalent to the predicate device HepaFat-Scan (Resonance Health Analysis
Services) – K122035.

   SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE INFORMATION

The table below summarizes the main similarities and differences between HepaFat-AI and the predicate.

                                HepaFat-AI                     HepaFat-Scan

 Regulatory Class            II                                               II

 510(k) number         K201039                        K122035

 Classification Name      System, Nuclear Magnetic            System, Nuclear Magnetic Resonance
                        Resonance Imaging, System, Image    Imaging, System, Image Processing
                          Processing Radiological               Radiological

 CFR Section            892.1000                          892.1000

 Product Code and       90 LNH                          90 LNH
 Classification Panel

 Device Name           HepaFat-AI                        HepaFat-Scan

 Trade/Common Name    HepaFat-AI                        HepaFat-Scan

 Description              Standalone software platform          Standalone software application to
                          designed to automatically analyse        facilitate the import and visualization
                           within seconds magnetic resonance     of multi-slice, gradient-echo MRI
                        imaging (MRI) datasets to generate     data sets encompassing the abdomen,
                        an estimate of the patient’s            with functionality independent of the
                          volumetric liver fat fraction (VLFF),  MRI equipment, to provide objective
                          converted into proton density fat      and reproducible determination of the
                             fraction (PDFF) and steatosis grade.    triglyceride fat fraction in magnetic
                   No user input is required for the        resonance images of the liver. It
                            analysis thus minimising the impact     utilises magnetic resonance images
                           of human error on obtained results.      that exploit the difference in
                                                              resonance frequencies between
                                                          hydrogen nuclei in water and
                                                                        triglyceride fat. The quantitative
                                                                        triglyceride fat fraction is based on
                                                                    the measurement of a magnetic
                                                              resonance parameter that reflects the
                                                                           ratio of the proton density signal of
                                                                        triglyceride fat to the total proton
                                                                   density signal in the liver.

HepaFat-AI                     HepaFat-Scan

Technology              Convolutional neural networks for      Algorithmic, with human interaction
                                                                     for Region of Interest (ROI)                          the image analysis.
                                                                       selection.
                        Algorithmic for the images quality
                        checking and Alpha conversion into
                    VLFF.

Intended purpose(s)       1.  Supporting clinical diagnoses       1.  Supporting clinical diagnoses
                        about the status of liver fat content.     about the status of liver fat content.
                             2.  Supporting the subsequent          2.  Supporting the subsequent
                             clinical decision-making processes.     clinical decision-making processes.
                             3.  Supporting the use in clinical        3.  Supporting the use in clinical
                          research trials, directed at studying     research trials, directed at studying
                       changes in liver fat as a result of       changes in liver fat as a result of
                            interventions.                           interventions.

                                                                        4. It contains an image viewer for
                                                             importing DICOM images, browsing
                                                             through patient datasets, viewing
                                                         images and performing region of
                                                                         interest analysis.

Intended Use            HepaFat-AI is intended for           HepaFat-Scan is a software device
                           quantitative measurement of the        intended for quantitative
                            triglyceride fat fraction in magnetic    measurement of the triglyceride fat
                        resonance images of the liver, also      fraction in magnetic resonance
                    known as volumetric liver fat         images of the liver.  It utilises
                            fraction (VLFF).                     magnetic resonance images that
                                                                    exploit the difference in resonance
                                   It utilises magnetic resonance images
                                                                frequencies between hydrogen nuclei
                             that exploit the difference in                                                                     in water and triglyceride fat. The
                        resonance frequencies between
                                                                    quantitative triglyceride fat fraction is
                       hydrogen nuclei in water and
                                                           based on the measurement of a
                            triglyceride fat. The quantitative
                                                           magnetic resonance parameter that
                            triglyceride fat fraction is based on
                                                                         reflects the ratio of the proton density
                          the measurement of a magnetic                                                                    signal of triglyceride fat to the total
                        resonance parameter that reflects the
                                                              proton density signal in the liver.
                             ratio of the proton density signal of
                            triglyceride fat to the total proton     When interpreted by a trained
                          density signal in the liver.              physician, the results provide
                                                               information that can aid in diagnosis.
                  When interpreted by a trained
                          physician, the results provide
                         information that can aid in
                           diagnosis.

Indications             HepaFat-AI is indicated to:           HepaFat-Scan is a software device
                                                               intended for quantitative
                            Assess the volumetric liver fat
                                                        measurement of the triglyceride fat
                                      fraction, proton density fat
                                                                     fraction in magnetic resonance
                                     fraction and steatosis grade
                                                         images of the liver.  It utilises
                                     in individuals with                                                           magnetic resonance images that
                                confirmed or suspected fatty
                                                                    exploit the difference in resonance
                                       liver disease;
                                                                frequencies between hydrogen nuclei

HepaFat-AI                     HepaFat-Scan

                   When interpreted by a trained           in water and triglyceride fat. The
                            physician, the results can be used to     quantitative triglyceride fat fraction is
                             •   Monitor liver fat content in    based on the measurement of a
                                                            magnetic resonance parameter that                                      patients undergoing weight
                                                                           reflects the ratio of the proton density                                       loss management and can be
                                                                     signal of triglyceride fat to the total                                 used to
                                                               proton density signal in the liver.                             •   Aid in the assessment and
                                   screening of living donors    When interpreted by a trained
                                      for liver transplant             physician, the results provide
                                                                information that can aid in diagnosis.

 User                     Radiologist                        Resonance Health’s trained analyst

 Hosting platform        Cloud-based or onsite platform        Resonance Health’s internal server

 Image-type utilized      Magnetic Resonance                 Magnetic Resonance

 Image format        DICOM                   DICOM

 Data Acquisition         Gradient Recalled Echo (GRE)        Gradient Recalled Echo (GRE)
 method

 Anatomical Sites         Liver                                Liver

                        •   Unique Report ID                •   Unique Report ID Result report content
                        •   Patient ID, patient name and date  •   Patient ID, patient name and date
                               of birth for full identification of        of birth for full identification of
                               the patient.                             the patient.
                        •   Scan date, and analysis date.      •   Scan date, and analysis date.
                        •   Referrer and MRI centre.         •   Referrer and MRI centre.
                        •   Results displayed: VLFF (%),     •   Results displayed: VLFF (%)
                     PDFF (%) and Steatosis grade,         associated with confidence
                               associated with confidence              intervals and normal range.
                                 intervals and normal range.       •   Picture of the analysed slice.
                        •   Pictures of the 3 TEs of the
                             analysed slice.
                        •   Liver colour map (for illustration
                            purpose only, not for diagnostic)

 Result report format    HTML and PDF                PDF


Furthermore the substantial equivalence has been demonstrated  clinically by processing the same
anonymized clinical MRI datasets by both techniques, which:
    •   assessed the limit of agreement between the two analysis techniques;
    •   determined the performance of HepaFat-AI (NPA and PPA); and
    •   assessed the repeatability of HepaFat-AI.

PERFORMANCE DATA

The following bench performance data were provided in order to support the substantial equivalence
determination

Software Verification and Validation
Resonance Health has followed the principles developed by the IMDRF published by the FDA: Software
as a Medical Device (SaMD): Clinical Evaluation. Final Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff. December
2017, to design the performance testing that support HepaFat-AI

HepaFat-AI Clinical Evaluation can be broken down as follows:
    •   Valid Clinical Association: using HepaFat-Scan as the reference standard.
    •   Analytical Validation: HepaFat-AI software has been developed, verified and validated following
        the Design Control principles and in accordance with the General Principles of Software
        Validation; Final Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff. U.S. Department Of Health and Human
        Services Food and Drug Administration. January 2002.
    •   Clinical Validation: the different studies conducted gather data to support the relevance of HepaFatAI use as intended. This includes sensitivity, specificity, the negative percent agreement (NPA)
       and positive percent agreement (PPA) of HepaFat-AI, repeatability, and user testing results.
        Literature review and demographics of the validation datasets support the patient population as
        stated in the Indications for Use. Specifically, HepaFat-Scan data were acquired in two independent
        studies of 145 adult and paediatric NAFLD/NASH patients who also received a liver biopsy with
        histological scoring of steatosis. The diagnostic performance of HepaFat-Scan and HepaFat-AI at
        three previously determined VLFF thresholds (equivalent to three steatosis grade boundaries) were
        then determined and are shown in the table below. HepaFat-AI has a very similar diagnostic ability
       compared to HepaFat-Scan across all thresholds when both methods are tested directly against
       biopsy grades of steatosis. In particular, at the clinically important boundary separating no steatosis
       from any steatosis (Grade 0 vs Grades 1-3), the sensitivities and specificities of HepaFat-AI are no
       worse than HepaFat-Scan.


         Sensitivities and specificities of HepaFat-Scan and HepaFat-AI generated for the 145 cases with
       biopsy at the three previously determined VLFF thresholds.

         Steatosis           Grade 0 vs            Grades 0 & 1 vs           Grades 0-2 vs
       Boundary           Grades 1-3             Grades 2 & 3              Grade 3
   VLFF Threshold
                                   4.1                       12.1                        16.2
   (%)

   HepaFat-Scan

    Sensitivity (%)
                         96.1 (91.2% to 98.3%)      88.6 (79.7% to 93.9%)       94.4 (74.2% to 99.0%)
   (95% CI)
    Specificity (%)
                         88.2 (65.7% to 96.7%)      78.8 (67.5% to 86.9%)       74.8 (66.6% to 81.5%)
   (95% CI)

   HepaFat-AI

    Sensitivity (%)
                         97.6 (93.3% to 99.2%)      86.1 (76.8% to 92.0%)      100.0 (81.6% to 100.0%)
   (95% CI)
    Specificity (%)
                         88.2 (65.7% to 96.7%)      74.8 (66.6% to 81.5%)       71.4 (62.4% to 78.1%)
   (95% CI)

CONCLUSION

The 510(k) premarket notification for HepaFat-AI contains adequate information and data to enable the
FDA-CDRH to determine substantial equivalence to the predicate devices. Resonance Health Analysis
Services Pty Ltd believes that enough evidences have been presented in this Dossier to conclude that
HepaFat-AI is safe, effective and performs as well as the predicate.