Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                               August 13, 2020
℅ Ms. Cynthia Busch
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
2501 N Barrington Road
HOFFMAN ESTATE IL 60192

Re: K201444
    Trade/Device Name: syngo.via RT Image Suite
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.5050
    Regulation Name: Medical charged-particle radiation therapy system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MUJ
    Dated: May 29, 2020
    Received: June 1, 2020

Dear Ms. Busch:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K201444 – Ms. Cynthia Busch                                                          Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

SIEMENS .-,
a +e
Healthineers °‘- Traditional 510(k): syngo.via RT Image Suite
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No, 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use ‘See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K201444
Device Name
syngo.via RT Image Suite
Indications for Use (Desaribe)
syngo.via RT Image Suite is a 3D and 4D image visualization, multi-modality manipulation and contouring tool that helps
the preparation of treatments such as, but not limited to those performed with radiation (for example, Brachytherapy,
Particle Therapy, Extemal Beam Radiation Therapy).
It provides tools to view existing contours, create, edit, modify, copy contours of regions of the body, such as but not
limited to, skin outline, targets and organs-at-risk. It also provides functionalities to create simple geometric treatment
plans. Contours, images and treatment plans can subsequently be exported to a Treatment Planning System.
The software combines the following digital image processing and visualization tools:
+ Multi-modality viewing and contouring of anatomical, functional, and multi-parametric images such as but not limited to
CT, PET, PET/CT, MRI, Linac CBCT images
+ Multiplanar reconstruction (MPR) thin/thick, minimum intensity projection (MIP), volume rendering technique (VRT)
+ Freehand and semi-automatic contouring of regions-of-interest on any orientation including oblique
+ Automated Contouring on CT images
* Creation of contours on images supported by the application without prior assignment of.a planning CT
+ Manual and semi-automatic registration using rigid and deformable registration
+ Supports the user in comparing, contouring, and adapting contours based on datasets acquired with different imaging
modalities and at different time points
+ Supports multi-modality image fusion
+ Visualization and contouring of moving tumors and organs
+ Management of points of interest including but not limited to the isocenter
* Creation of simple geometric treatment plans
* Generation of a synthetic CT based on multiple pre-define MR acquisitions
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
IX Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (7) Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page oft Pa naaiioeroayoae

Traditional 510(k): syngo.via RT Image Suite
                         Section 5                        K201444
                     510(k) Summary


I.     Identification of the Submitter
Importer/Distributor
Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
40 Liberty Boulevard
Malvern, PA 19355

Establishment Registration Number  2240869

Manufacturing Site
Siemens Healthcare GmbH
Siemensstr 1
D-91301 Forchheim, Germany

Establishment Registration Number
3004977335

Submitter Contact Person:
Cynthia Busch
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
2501 North Barrington Road
Hoffman Estates, IL 60192-2061
Phone: (847) 643-6818    Email: cynthia.busch@siemens-healthineers.com

II.   Device Name and Classification
Product Name:          syngo.via RT Image Suite
Propriety Trade Name:   syngo.via RT Image Suite
Classification Name:    System, Planning, Radiation Therapy Treatment
Classification Panel:    Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.5050
Device Class:           Class II
Product Code:       MUJ

Traditional 510(k): syngo.via RT Image Suite

III.   Predicate Device
Trade Name:            syngo.via RT Image Suite
510(k) Number:       K192065
Clearance Date:         09/18/2019
Classification Name:    System, Planning, Radiation Therapy Treatment
Classification Panel:    Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892. 5050
Device Class:           Class II
Product Code:       MUJ

IV.   Device Description
The subject device with the current software version SOMARIS/8 VB50 is an image analysis software for
viewing, manipulation, 3D and 4D visualization, comparison of medical images from multiple imaging
modalities and for the segmentation of tumors and organs-at-risk, prior to dosimetric planning in radiation
therapy. syngo.via RT Image Suite combines routine and advanced digital image processing and
visualization tools for manual and software assisted contouring of volumes of interest, identification of
points of interest, sending isocenter points to an external laser system, registering images and exporting
final results. syngo.via RT Image Suite supports the medical professional with tools to use during
different steps in radiation therapy case preparation.

The following already cleared features in the previous version of syngo.via RT Image Suite (SOMARIS/8
VB40) have been modified:

    •   Contouring
        o  Routine Contouring
        o  Advanced Contouring
    •   Structure Set Management
    •  Deformable Alignment

V.    Indications for Use
syngo.via RT Image Suite is a 3D and 4D image visualization, multi-modality manipulation and
contouring tool that helps the preparation of treatments such as, but not limited to those performed with
radiation (for example, Brachytherapy, Particle Therapy, External Beam Radiation Therapy).

It provides tools to view existing contours, create, edit, modify, copy contours of regions of the body,
such as but not limited to, skin outline, targets and organs-at-risk. It also provides functionalities to create
simple geometric treatment plans. Contours, images and treatment plans can subsequently be exported to
a Treatment Planning System.

The software combines the following digital image processing and visualization tools:

       Multi-modality viewing and contouring of anatomical, functional, and multi-parametric images
       such as but not limited to CT, PET, PET/CT, MRI, Linac Cone Beam CT (CBCT) images

Traditional 510(k): syngo.via RT Image Suite

       Multiplanar reconstruction (MPR)  thin/thick, minimum  intensity  projection (MIP), volume
        rendering technique (VRT)
       Freehand and semi-automatic contouring of regions-of-interest on any orientation including
        oblique
      Automated Contouring on CT images
       Creation of contours on images supported by the application without prior assignment of a planning
     CT
      Manual and semi-automatic registration using rigid and deformable registration
       Supports the user in comparing, contouring, and adapting contours based on datasets acquired with
         different imaging modalities and at different time points
       Supports multi-modality image fusion
       Visualization and contouring of moving tumors and organs
      Management of points of interest including but not limited to the isocenter
       Creation of simple geometric treatment plans
       Generation of a synthetic CT based on multiple pre-define MR acquisitions
The Indications for Use has minor changes as clarification of wording.


VI.  Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device
As with the predicate device syngo.via RT Image Suite SOMARIS/8 VB40, the subject device supports
viewing, manipulation, 3D and 4D visualization, comparison of medical images from multiple imaging
modalities and the segmentation of tumors and organs-at-risk, prior to dosimetric planning and response
assessment in radiation therapy.

At a high-level a tabular summary of the subject and predicate device’s technological differences is
provided as Table 4 below for the software version SOMARIS/8 VB50:

 Feature           Description and Comparison of the Subject Device to the Predicate Device
 Routine           Routine Contouring tools (e. g. freehand drawing tools, creation of margins
 Contouring           etc.)

                   Modification:improvements in the contour interpolation tool and a tool to
                  merge multiple structures.
 Advanced         Advanced Contouring tools (automatic contouring of different structures,
 Contouring        nudge 3D tool,contour interpolation.). Automatic contouring of pelvic and
                    head/neck regions, support of Rapid Results Technology.

                    Modification: This subject device provides the following extensions:
                   • Automatic Contouring can be applied on further structures (thoracic and
                        pelvic regions)
                   • Automatic Contouring in the head/neck region, which was previously atlasbased, is now done with deep learning. The atlas method is entirely removed
                    from this version.
                   • Streamlined workflow to automatically adapt contours from a prior to a
                        current planning CT

Traditional 510(k): syngo.via RT Image Suite

Structure Set        • Loading and storing of DICOM RT structure sets, creating, editing and
Management          deletion of structures and POIs.
                   • Creating, editing and deletion of structure templates.
                   • Customize predefined structure database with mapping to international
                    nomenclature schemes.

                    Modification:
                   • multiselection of structures and POIs to apply basic operations such as copy
                      or delete,
                   • auto-completion for structure names,
                   • manual and automatic save function for structure sets,
                   • and modifications in the user interface of structure database and template
                        creation.
Deformable        Deformable registration of images of the same patient acquired with the same
Alignment          or different modalities within different imaging sessions. The transformation
                   allows for local deformation to adapt to changing anatomy (many degrees of
                   freedom).

                    Modification: The deformation visualization tool was simplified and now
                       utilizes color-coded vectors to display the deformation vector field and its
                  magnitude at the same time. The visualization is restricted to the patient outline
                     for CT images.

Traditional 510(k): syngo.via RT Image Suite

VII.  Performance Data
The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.

Software Verification and Validation
Software Documentation for a Major Level of Concern software per FDA’s Guidance Document
“Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”
issued on May 11, 2005 is also included as part of this submission. The performance data
demonstrates continued conformance with special controls for medical devices containing software.
The Risk Analysis was completed, and risk control implemented to mitigate identified hazards. The
testing supports that all software specifications have met the acceptance criteria. Testing for
verification and validation support the claim of substantial equivalence.

Non-Clinical Testing
This submission contains performance tests to demonstrate continued conformance with special controls
for medical devices containing software. Non-clinical tests (integration and functional) were conducted
for syngo.via RT Image Suite during product development. These tests have been performed to test the
ability of the included features of the subject device. The results of these tests demonstrate that the subject
device performs as intended. The result of all conducted testing was found acceptable to support the claim
of substantial equivalence.

Summary of the Performance Evaluation of the Algorithm
The performance of the automated organ segmentation algorithm in the subject device syngo.via RT
Image Suite (software version SOMARIS/8 VB50) was evaluated and compared to the predicate device
syngo.via RT Image Suite (software version SOMARIS/8 VB40).

The organ segmentation consists of a region of interest detection based on anatomical landmarks,
followed by a Deep Image-to-Image Network performing the actual segmentation step. This technology
was introduced in the predicate device. In the subject device, the same technology is extended to
additional organs. The fundamental algorithm did not change. As described, we’re using the same
technology (or in other words the same algorithm) but the organ portfolio has been extended. The AI or
deep learning-based algorithm has been initially cleared with the predicate device RT Image Suite
SOMARIS/8 VB40 (K192065).

The segmentation algorithm of the subject device was evaluated on a test set of 112 subjects. The
detection rates for the subject device were similar to those for the predicate device. Newly added organs
in the subject device were detected at a rate of 100%. The segmentation quality was assessed by
comparing a manually annotated ground truth with the algorithm result using the overlap measure DICE
coefficient. The quantitative evaluation demonstrates non-inferior or superior performance for all organ
segmentations in the subject device compared to the predicate device. The evaluation thus supports the
claim of substantial equivalence.

Traditional 510(k): syngo.via RT Image Suite

Risk Analysis
The risk analysis was completed, and risk control implemented to mitigate identified hazards. The testing
results support that all the software specifications have met the acceptance criteria. Testing for
verification and validation of the device was found acceptable to support the claims of substantial
equivalence.

Siemens hereby certifies that syngo.via RT Image Suite will meet the following voluntary standards
covering electrical and mechanical safety listed below, prior to introduction into interstate commerce:

                                                            Date of      Standards Recognition   Product                                         Title of Standard            Recognitio   Development  Number      Area                                                        n       Organization
                              Digital Imaging and Communications
 12-300        Radiology   in Medicine (DICOM) Set; PS 3.1 –      06/27/2016    NEMA
                           3.20
                          Medical Device Software –Software                                                            AAMI, ANSI, 13-32         Software    Life Cycle Processes; 62304:2006 (1st    01/14/2019                                                                     IEC                             Edition)
                Software/   Medical devices – Application of risk
 5-40           Informati   management to medical devices; 14971   06/27/2016      ISO
                cs         Second Edition 2007-03-01
                          Medical devices - Part 1: Application
               General I   of usability engineering to medical 5-114                                                         12/23/2016      IEC             (QS/RM)   devices
                      IEC 62366-1:2015


VIII. Conclusion
syngo.via RT Image Suite (software version SOMARIS/8 VB50) has the same intended use and same
indication for use as the predicate device, syngo.via RT Image Suite (software version SOMARIS/8
VB40). The fundamental technological characteristics are the same as the predicate device. The result of
all testing conducted was found acceptable to support the claim of substantial equivalence. The
comparison of technological characteristics, non-clinical performance data, and software validation
demonstrates that the subject device is as safe and effective when compared to the predicate device that is
currently marketed for the same intended use. For the subject device, syngo.via RT Image Suite (software
version SOMARIS/8 VB50), Siemens used the same testing with the same workflows as used to clear the
predicate device. Siemens considers syngo.via RT Image Suite to be as safe, as effective and with
performance substantially equivalent to the commercially available predicate device.