Aidoc Medical, Ltd.                                              August 26, 2020
℅ John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.
Regulatory Counsel
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street, NW
WASHINGTON DC 20004

Re: K201020
    Trade/Device Name: BriefCase for iPE Triage
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: July 24, 2020
    Received: July 24, 2020

Dear Dr. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K201020 - John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.                                                      Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES           Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
               Food and Drug Administration                           Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
           Indications for Use                   See PRA Statement below

510(k) Number (if known)
K201020

Device Name

BriefCase for iPE Triage
Indications for Use (Describe)

BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the
analysis  of  contrast enhanced chest CT images  (but  not dedicated CTPA  protocol) CT.
The device is intended to assist hospital networks and trained radiologists in workflow triage
by flagging and communication of suspected positive cases of Incidental Pulmonary Embolism
(iPE) pathologies. For the iPE pathology, the software is only intended to be used on singleenergy exams. The device is intended to work with GE and Siemens scanners only.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with
detected findings on a standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care
image interpretation. The user is presented with notifications for cases with suspected findings.
Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only
and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original
medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and
based on  their professional judgment, to assist with  triage/prioritization of medical images.
Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
☒Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)         ☐Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
                 CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

            This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
   *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per
         response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather
        and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information.
        Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information
           collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                       Department of Health and Human Services Food
                               and Drug Administration
                                   Office of Chief Information Officer
                           Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                  PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                 Page 1 of 1                                     PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

                                                                                     028

510(k) Summary
                     Aidoc Medical, Ltd.’s BriefCase (K201020)

Submitter:

       Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
      3 Aminadav St.
        Tel-Aviv, Israel
      Phone:             +972-73-7946870

       Contact Person:      N. Epstein, Ph.D.

      Date Prepared:        July 24, 2020

Name of Device:            BriefCase for iPE Triage

Classification Name:         Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
                            device

Regulatory Class:          Class II

Product Code:          QAS (21 C.F.R. 892.2080)

Predicate Device:           BriefCase (K190072, for PE)

Device Description

BriefCase is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device. The
software system  is based on an algorithm programmed component and  is comprised of a
standard off-the-shelf operating system, the Microsoft Windows server 2012 64bit, and additional
applications, which include PostgreSQL, DICOM module and the BriefCase Image Processing
Application. The device consists of the following three modules: (1) Aidoc Hospital Server (AHS)
for image acquisition; (2) Aidoc Cloud Server (ACS) for image processing; and (3) Aidoc Worklist
Application for workflow integration, installed on the radiologist’ desktop and provides the user
interface in which notifications from the BriefCase software are received.

DICOM images are received, saved, filtered and de-identified before processing.   Filtration
matches metadata fields with keywords. Series are processed chronologically by running the
algorithms on each series to detect suspected cases. The software then flags suspect cases by
sending notifications to the Worklist desktop application, thereby prompting preemptive triage
and prioritization by the attending radiologist. As the BriefCase software platform harbors several
triage algorithms, the user may opt to filter out notifications by pathology, e.g. a chest radiologist
may choose to filter out notifications on LVO cases, and a neuro-radiologist would opt to divert
PE notifications. Where several medical centers are linked to a shared PACS, a user may read
cases for a certain center but not for another, and thus may opt to filter out notification by center.
Activating the filter does not impact the order in which notifications are presented in the Aidoc
worklist application.

The Worklist Application displays the pop-up text notifications of new suspected studies when
they come in. Notifications are in the form of a small pop-up containing patient name, accession
number and the relevant pathology (e.g., iPE). A  list of all incoming suspect cases is also
displayed.  Hovering over a notification or a case in the worklist pops up a compressed, lowquality, grayscale, unannotated image that is captioned “not for diagnostic use” and is displayed
as a preview function. This compressed preview is meant for informational purposes only, does


                                                                                     020

not  contain  any  marking  of  the  findings, and  is  not  intended  for  primary  diagnosis
beyond notification.

Presenting the radiologist with notification facilitates earlier triage by prompting the user to
assess the relevant original images in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention
earlier than would have been the case in the standard of care practice alone.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the
analysis of contrast-enhanced chest CTs (but not dedicated CTPA protocol). The device  is
intended to assist hospital networks and trained radiologists in workflow triage by flagging and
communication of suspect cases of incidental Pulmonary Embolism (iPE) pathologies. For the
iPE pathology, the software is only intended to be used on single-energy exams. The device is
intended to work with GE and Siemens scanners only.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and flag suspect cases on a
standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation.
The user is presented with notifications for suspect cases. Notifications include compressed
preview images that are meant for informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic
use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical image and is not intended
to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and
based on  their professional judgment, to assist with  triage/prioritization of medical images.
Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The subject BriefCase for iPE triage and predicate device BriefCase for PE triage (K190072) are
identical in all aspects and defer only with respect to the training of the algorithm on iPE and PE
images, respectively.  .

Both devices are radiological computer-aided triage and notification software programs.  Both
devices are artificial intelligence algorithms incorporated software packages for use with DICOM
3.0 compliant CT scanners, PACS, and radiology workstations. Both devices are intended to aid
in triage and prioritization of radiological images. The predicate device processes CTPAs and is
indicated for Pulmonary Embolism triage, while the subject device processes contrast-enhanced
chest images and is indicated for incidental Pulmonary Embolism (iPE) triage. Both devices are
intended to provide radiologists with notifications and unannotated preview images of suspect
studies for the purpose of preemptive triage.

Both software devices  notify the attending  radiologist  of the  availability  of time  sensitive
radiological images for review based on computer aided image analysis.  Both devices send
notifications and low-quality compressed previews to the radiology workstations’ desktop. Both
devices feature a notification filter in the user interface. Notifications are for informational purpose
only and are meant to prompt the radiologist to start preemptive triage of a flagged case, upon
which he may decide after observing the unannotated, low quality preview on his desktop, to turn
to the local PACS to perform evaluation of the original series earlier than would have been the
case in the standard of care alone.

Thus, the subject and predicate BriefCase raise the same types of safety and effectiveness


                                                                                     021

questions, namely, accurate detection of findings within the processed study. It is important to
note that, like the predicate, the subject device does not remove cases from the standard of care
reading queue and does not modify them. Both devices operate in parallel with the standard of
care, which remains the default option for all cases.

A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.

                          Table 1. Key feature comparison
                              Predicate Device                Subject Device
                      Aidoc Briefcase for PE triage    Aidoc Briefcase for iPE triage
                                (K190072)                      (K201020)
Intended Use /           BriefCase is a radiological         BriefCase is a radiological
Indications for Use       computer aided triage and        computer aided triage and
                             notification software indicated for   notification software indicated for
                      use in the analysis of CTPA       use in the analysis of contrastimages. The device is intended    enhanced chest CTs (but not
                            to assist hospital networks and     dedicated CTPA protocol).
                           trained radiologists in workflow    The device is intended to
                            triage by flagging and               assist hospital networks and
                       communication of suspected       trained radiologists in workflow
                            positive findings of Pulmonary      triage by flagging and
                     Embolism (PE) pathology. The    communication of suspected
                         software is only intended to be      positive cases of incidental
                      used on single-energy exams.     Pulmonary Embolism (iPE)
                                                             pathologies. For the iPE
                        BriefCase uses an artificial         pathology, the software is only
                            intelligence algorithm to analyze   intended to be used on singleimages and highlight cases with   energy exams. The device is
                        detected findings on a             intended to work with GE and
                        standalone desktop application in  Siemens scanners only.
                             parallel to the ongoing
                        standard of care image            BriefCase uses an artificial
                             interpretation. The user is          intelligence algorithm to analyze
                        presented with notifications for    images and flag suspect cases on
                      cases with suspected findings.    a standalone desktop application
                            Notifications include compressed   in parallel to the ongoing
                        preview images that are           standard of care image
                     meant for informational purposes   interpretation. The user is
                         only and not intended for          presented with notifications for
                          diagnostic use                   suspect cases. Notifications
                     beyond notification. The device    include compressed preview
                      does not alter the original         images that are
                        medical image and is not         meant for informational purposes
                        intended to be used as a           only and not intended for
                          diagnostic device.                  diagnostic use beyond notification.
                                                The device does not alter the
                    The results of BriefCase are        original medical image and is not
                        intended to be used in             intended to be used as a
                         conjunction with other              diagnostic device.
                           patient information and based on
                          professional judgment, to assist   The results of BriefCase are
                          with triage/prioritization of         intended to be used in conjunction
                        medical images. Notified           with other patient information and
                             clinicians are responsible for      based on their professional
                         viewing full images per the        judgment, to assist with
                        standard of care.                     triage/prioritization of medical
                                                       images. Notified clinicians are


                                                                                     022

Predicate Device                Subject Device
                      Aidoc Briefcase for PE triage    Aidoc Briefcase for iPE triage
                                (K190072)                      (K201020)
                                                           responsible for viewing full images
                                                         per the standard of care.

User population           Radiologist                        Radiologist
Anatomical region of     Chest                         Chest
interest
Inclusion/                 Inclusion Criteria                   Inclusion criteria
Exclusion criteria                  - CTPA protocols.                     -  Contrast-enhanced chest CTs
                                                -  Single energy exams.              (but not dedicated CTPA
                                                -  Scans performed with 64-          protocol.
                                 slice scanner or greater            -  Single energy exams.
                       number of detectors.               -  Scans performed with a 64
                                                -  Scans performed on                 slice or greater number of
                                adults/transitional adults ≥ 18      detectors.
                           years of age.                          -  Scans performed on
                                                -  Slice thickness 0.5 - 3.0 mm        adults/transitional adults ≥ 18
                                  axial.                           years of age.
                                                                                   -  Slice thickness: 0.5mm –
                         Exclusion Criteria               2.0mm axial.
                                   -   All studies that are technically
                            inadequate, including studies   Exclusion Criteria
                             with motion artifacts, severe      -   All studies that are technically
                           metal artifacts, sub-optimal        inadequate, including studies
                           bolus or inadequate field of         with motion artifacts, severe
                             view.                            metal artifacts, or inadequate
                                                                              field of view.
Data acquisition       CTPA protocol                   Contrast-enhanced chest CTs (but
protocol                                                    not dedicated CTPA protocol)
View DICOM data      DICOM Information about the    DICOM Information about the
                             patient, study and current image    patient, study and current image
Segmentation of region   No; device does not mark,        No; device does not mark,
of interest                annotate, or direct users’          annotate, or direct users’ attention
                           attention to a specific location in    to a specific location in the original
                         the original image               image
Algorithm                     Artificial intelligence algorithm        Artificial intelligence algorithm with
                          with database of images          database of images
Notification/Prioritization  Yes                         Yes
Preview images          Presentation of a low-quality,       Presentation of a low-quality,
                       compressed, grayscale preview    compressed, grayscale preview
                      image that is captioned “Not for    image that is captioned “Not for
                          diagnostic use”.                    diagnostic use”.
Alteration of original     No                       No
image
Removal of cases from   No. The device operates in        No. The device operates in
worklist queue             parallel with the standard of care,   parallel with the standard of care,
                       which remains the default option   which remains the default option
                              for all cases. Unflagged cases      for all cases. Unflagged cases are
                        are not de-prioritized.              not de-prioritized.


                                                                                     023

Predicate Device                Subject Device
                      Aidoc Briefcase for PE triage    Aidoc Briefcase for iPE triage
                                (K190072)                      (K201020)
Structure                        - AHS module (image                 - AHS module (image
                                acquisition).                          acquisition).
                                    - ACS module (image                 - ACS module (image
                             processing).                       processing).
                                    -  Aidoc Worklist application for     -  Aidoc Worklist application for
                           workflow integration (worklist      workflow integration (worklist
                        and non-diagnostic basic         and non-diagnostic basic
                        Image Viewer).                Image Viewer).


Performance Data
Pivotal Study Summary

Aidoc conducted a retrospective, blinded, multicenter study with the BriefCase software with the
primary endpoint to evaluate the software’s performance in identifying Contrast-enhanced chest
CTs (but not dedicated CTPA protocol), containing Incidental Pulmonary Embolism in 268 cases
from 2 clinical study sites in the US. There were 74 positive cases and 194 negative cases
(images with iPE versus without iPE) included in the analysis.

Sensitivity and specificity exceeded the 80% performance goal.  Specifically, sensitivity was
90.5% (95% CI: 81.4%, 96.2%) and specificity was 88.7% (95% CI: 83.3%, 92.8%).

Secondary Endpoint

Briefcase’s potential clinical benefit of worklist prioritization for true positive iPE cases was
evaluated by comparing the standard-of-care metric of time-to-exam-open to the software’s timeto-notification metric for iPE, in the study sites where the time-to-exam-open information was
available.

 -  The BriefCase time-to-notification includes the time to get the DICOM exam, de-identify it,
    upload it to the cloud, analyze and send a notification on a positive suspect case back to the
     worklist application.
 -  The standard of care time-to-open-exam consists of the time from scan acquisition to when
    the radiologist first opened the exam for review.

The standard of care metric was compared to the BriefCase time-to-notification in the two study
sites (both in the US) for 63 True Positive cases (i.e., identified as positive both by the reviewers
as well as the BriefCase device), and the results are reported in the Table 2 below.

The BriefCase time-to-notification for iPE was 4.7 minutes (95% CI: 4.4-5.1; Median: 5.0, IQR:
2.3). In contrast, standard of care time-to-exam-open was much longer, 223.3 minutes (95% CI:
125.8-320.7; Median: 70.4, IQR: 217.6). The mean difference of 220.9 minutes (95% CI: 122.0-
319.9; Median: 63.2, IQR: 219.8) for these two metrics is statistically significant and assuming
the radiologist receives a notification on a true positive iPE case and acts on  it immediately,  it
can on average save more than three hours compared to the time-to-exam-open in a first in first
out (FIFO) reading queue. The value of 220.9 is based on the study of 63 cases from 2 study
sites and may vary in practice.


                                                                                     024

Table 2. Time saving data
               N              Lower      Upper                      Mean      Parameter                    Confidence  Confidence    Median      IQR                           estimate                                              Limit          Limit
  Time-to-exam-open
    in the standard of   63    223.3      125.8       320.7        70.4       217.65
         care
   Time-to-notification                   63     4.7         4.4          5.1           5.0           2.3
     BriefCase iPE
       Difference     63    220.9      122.0       319.9        63.2        219.8

NPV was 99.7% (95% CI: 99.5%-99.9%) and PPV was 17.6% (95% CI: 9.5%-22.1%).

Thus, the reported time savings data demonstrates that radiologists may have the opportunity to
be involved in the clinical workflow substantially earlier due to the notifications from the BriefCase
device. Performance validation data suggest that when using the subject BriefCase for iPE
triage, the radiologists may have the same benefit in time saving as with using the BriefCase for
PE triage.


Conclusions

The subject BriefCase for iPE triage and the predicate BriefCase for PE triage devices are both
intended to aid in prioritization and triage of radiological images for the indications of incidental
Pulmonary Embolism and Pulmonary Embolism respectively. Both devices are software packages
with similar technological characteristics and principles of operation, both incorporating deep
learning AI algorithms that process images, and software to send notifications and unannotated
compressed preview images to the radiologists’ workstation. In both devices, the labeling states
that the devices are not for diagnostic use and instructs the user to further evaluate and diagnose
based only on the original images in the local PACS.

Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not
change the original image, do not provide any marking on the output preview, and do not remove
images from the standard of care FIFO queue, thus not disturbing standard interpretation of the
images by the attending radiologists. Both devices notify the radiologist of time-sensitive critical
cases within the range of several minutes, and thus contribute similarly to the standard of care
workflow turnaround time reduction through preemptive triage.

The BriefCase device for iPE triage is thus substantially equivalent to the BriefCase for PE triage.


                                                                                     025