Coreline Soft Co., Ltd.                                                    October 16, 2020
℅ Hye Yi Park
Deputy General Manager Strategic Business Dept.
4,5F (Yeonnam-dong), 49, World Cup buk-ro 6-gil,
Mapo-gu, Seoul 03991
REPUBLIC OF KOREA

Re: K201710
    Trade/Device Name: AView LCS
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ, JAK
    Dated: June 22, 2020
    Received: September 14, 2020

Dear Hye Yi Park:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K201710 - Hye Yi Park                                                            Page    2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K201710

Device Name
AVIEW LCS


Indications for Use (Describe)
AVIEW LCS is intended for the review and analysis and reporting of thoracic CT images for the purpose of
characterizing nodules in the lung in a single study, or over the time course of several thoracic studies. Characterizations
include nodule type, location of the nodule and measurements such as size (major axis, minor axis), estimated effective
diameter from the volume of the nodule, the volume of the nodule, Mean HU (the average value of the CT pixel inside the
nodule in HU), Minimum HU, Max HU, mass (mass calculated from the CT pixel value), and volumetric measures (Solid
Major; length of the longest diameter measured in 3D for a solid portion of the nodule. Solid 2nd Major: The length of the
longest diameter of the solid part, measured in sections perpendicular to the Major axis of the solid portion of the nodule),
VDT (Volume doubling time), Lung-RADS (classification proposed to aid with findings) and CAC score and LAA
analysis. The system automatically performs the measurement, allowing lung nodules and measurements to be displayed
and, also integrate with FDA certified Mevis CAD (Computer-aided detection) (K043617).


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

: 006_510(k) Summary
© CORELINE

510(k) Summary

1 SUBMITTER                                               K201710

Coreline Soft Co., Ltd.
4,5F (Yeonnam-dong), 49 World Cup buk-ro 6-gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, 03991, Republic of Korea.


Phone: 82.2.517.7321
Fax: 82.2.571.7324

Contact Person: hyeyi. Park
Date Prepared: 06.22.2020

2 DEVICE

Name of Device: AVIEW LCS
Common or Usual Name: Image Processing Software
Classification Name: System, image processing, radiological (21CFR 892.2050)
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: LLZ, JAK

3 PREDICATE DEVICE

AVIEW LCS by Coreline Soft Co., Ltd. (K193220)
Name of Device: AVIEW LCS
Common or Usual Name: Image Processing Software
Classification Name: System, image processing, radiological (21CFR 892.2050)
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: LLZ, JAK


This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall

4 REFERENCE DEVICE

Lung Nodule Assessment and Comparison Option by Philips Medical System Nederland B.V. (K162484)

Name of Device: Lung Nodule Assessment and Comparison Option (LNA)
Common or Usual Name: Lung Nodule Assessment and Comparison Option (LNA)
Classification Name: System, image processing, radiological (21CFR 892.1750)
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: LLZ, JAK


                                                                                                                     1

AVIEW by Coreline Soft Co., Ltd. (K200714)

Name of Device: AVIEW
Common or Usual Name: AVIEW
Classification Name: System, image processing, radiological (21CFR 892.2050)
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: LLZ, JAK

All reference devices have not been subject to a design-related recall.

5 DEVICEW DESCRIPTION

AVIEW LCS is intended for use as diagnostic patient imaging which is intended for the review and analysis
of thoracic CT images. Provides following features as semi-automatic nodule measurement (segmentation),
maximal plane measure, 3D measure and volumetric measures, automatic nodules detection by integration
with 3rd party CAD. Also provides cancer risk based on PANCAN risk model which calculates the malignancy
score based on numerical or Boolean inputs. Follow up support with automated nodule matching and
automatically categorize Lung-RADS score which is a quality assurance tool designed to standardize lung
cancer screening CT reporting and management recommendations that is based on type, size, size change and
other findings that is reported.
   -  Easy processing management
                   Rule-based automatic processing server (APS)
   -  Thin client service
                   Connected from anywhere, anyplace, anytime.
                   Support mobile view through various mobile device served by Ios and Android.
                   Compatible with Chrome browser
    -   Nodule measurement
                   Adding nodule by segmentation or by lines
                   Semi-automatic nodule measurement (segmentation)
                   Maximal plane measure, 3D measure and volumetric measure.
                   Automatic large vessel removal.
                   Provides various features calculated per each nodule
                     Fully supporting Lung-RADS workflow: US Lung-RADS and KR Lung-RADS.
                   Nodule malignancy score (PANCAN model) calculation.
                   Importing from CAD results

    -  CAC, LAA on LC
                   Displays CAC score which was analyzed
                   Displays LAA available which was analyzed


                                                                                                                     2

-   Follow-up
                    Automatic retrieving the past data
                    Follow-up support with nodule matching and comparison
                    Automatic calculation of VDT (volume doubling time)
    -   Automatic nodule detection (CADe)
                   Seamless integration with Mevis Visia (FDA 510k Cleared)
    -   Lungs and lobes segmentation
                   Better segmentation of lungs and lobes based on deep-learning algorithms.
    -   Report
                  PDF report generation
                    It saves or sends the pdf report and captured images in DICOM files.
                   Reports are generated using the results of all nodules nodules detected so far (Lung RADS)
    -   Save Result
                    It saves the results in internal format

6  INDICATIONS FOR USE

AVIEW LCS  is intended for the review and analysis and reporting of thoracic CT images for the purpose of
characterizing nodules in the lung in a single study, or over the time course of several thoracic studies. Characterizations
include nodule type, location of the nodule and measurements such as size (major axis, minor axis), estimated effective
diameter from the volume of the nodule, the volume of the nodule, Mean HU (the average value of the CT pixel inside
the nodule in HU), Minimum HU, Max HU, mass (mass calculated from the CT pixel value), and volumetric measures
(Solid Major; length of the longest diameter measured in 3D for a solid portion of the nodule. Solid 2nd Major: The
length of the longest diameter of the solid part, measured in sections perpendicular to the Major axis of the solid portion
of the nodule), VDT (Volume doubling time), Lung-RADS (classification proposed to aid with findings) and CAC score
and LAA analysis. The system automatically performs the measurement, allowing lung nodules and measurements to
be displayed and, also integrate with FDA certified Mevis CAD (Computer-aided detection) (K043617).

7 COMPARISION OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH
  THE PREDICATE DEVCIE

AVIEW LCS has the same intended use and the principle of operation, and also has similar features to the
predicate devices. Lung Nodule Assessment and Comparison Option (LNA) (K162484)
There might be slight differences in features and menu, but these differences between the predicate device and
the proposed device are not so significant since they do not raise any new or potential safety risks to the user
or patient and questions of safety or effectiveness. Based on the results of software validation and verification
tests, we conclude that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.
  Characteristic      Subject Device     Primary Predicate     Reference Device     Reference Device
                                             Device
  Device Name     AVIEW LCS      AVIEW LCS        Lung Nodule        AVIEW
                                                            Assessment and
                                                      Comparison Option
                                                         (LNA)


                                                                                                                     3

Classification       System, image         System, image         System, image         System, image
   Name             Processing             Processing             Processing             Processing
                       Radiological           Radiological           Radiological           Radiological
  Regulatory      21 CFR 892.2050      21 CFR 892.2050      21 CFR 892.2050      21 CFR 892.2050
  Number
Product Code        LLZ, JAK           LLZ, JAK           LLZ, JAK           LLZ, JAK
 Review Panel         Radiology            Radiology            Radiology            Radiology
510k Number                  -               K193220            K162484            K200714
           AVIEW LCS
            AVIEW LCS is intended for the review and analysis and reporting of thoracic CT images for the
                 purpose of characterizing nodules in the lung in a single study, or over the time course of several
                   thoracic studies. Characterizations include nodule type, location of the nodule and measurements
                such as size (major axis, minor axis), estimated effective diameter from the volume of the nodule,
                  the volume of the nodule, Mean HU (the average value of the CT pixel inside the nodule in HU),
             Minimum HU, Max HU, mass (mass calculated from the CT pixel value), and volumetric
                measures (Solid Major; length of the longest diameter measured in 3D for a solid portion of the
                  nodule. Solid 2nd Major: The length of the longest diameter of the solid part, measured in sections
                  perpendicular to the Major axis of the solid portion of the nodule), VDT (Volume doubling time),
             Lung-RADS (classification proposed to aid with findings) and CAC score and LAA analysis. The
                system automatically performs the measurement, allowing lung nodules and measurements to be
                  displayed and, also integrate with FDA certified Mevis CAD (Computer-aided detection)
                (K043617).
           AVIEW LCS
           AVIEW LCS is intended for the review and analysis and reporting of thoracic CT images for the
                 purpose of characterizing nodules in the lung in a single study, or over the time course of several
                   thoracic studies. Characterizations include nodule type, location of the nodule and measurements
                such as size (major axis, minor axis), estimated effective diameter from the volume of the nodule,
                  the volume of the nodule, Mean HU (the average value of the CT pixel inside the nodule in HU),
             Minimum HU, Max HU, mass (mass calculated from the CT pixel value), and volumetric
Indications for   measures (Solid Major; length of the longest diameter measured in 3D for a solid portion of the
     use         nodule. Solid 2nd Major: The length of the longest diameter of the solid part, measured in sections
                  perpendicular to the Major axis of the solid portion of the nodule), VDT (Volume doubling time),
                and Lung-RADS (classification proposed to aid with findings). The system automatically
                 performs the measurement, allowing lung nodules and measurements to be displayed and, also
                   integrate with FDA certified Mevis CAD (Computer-aided detection) (K043617).
             Lung Nodule Assessment and Comparison Option (LNA)
               The Lung Nodule Assessment and Comparison Option is intended for use as a diagnostic patientimaging tool.  It is intended for the review and analysis of thoracic CT images, providing
                   quantitative and characterizing information about nodules in the lung in a single study, or over
                  the time course of several thoracic studies. Characterizations include diameter, volume and
               volume over time. The system automatically performs the measurements, allowing lung nodules
                and measurements to be displayed.
           AVIEW
            AVIEW provides CT values for pulmonary tissue from CT thoracic and cardiac datasets. This
                  software could be used to support the physician quantitatively in the diagnosis, follow up
                  evaluation and documentation of CT lung tissue images by providing image segmentation of substructures in lung, lobe, airways and cardiac, registration of inspiration and expiration which could
                 analyze  quantitative  information  such  as  air  trapping  volume,  air  trapped  index, and
                   inspiration/expiration ratio. And also, volumetric and structure analysis, density evaluation and
                   reporting tools. AVIEW is also used to store, transfer, inquire and display CT data set on premise
                and as cloud environment as well to allow users to connect by various environment such as mobile
                  devices and chrome browser. Characterizing nodules in the lung in a single study, or over the time


                                                                                                                   4

course of several thoracic studies. Characterizations include nodule type, location of the nodule
                and measurements such as size (major axis, minor axis), estimated effective diameter from the
               volume of the nodule, volume of the nodule, Mean HU(the average value of the CT pixel inside
                  the nodule in HU), Minimum HU, Max HU, mass(mass calculated from the CT pixel value), and
                 volumetric measures(Solid major; length of the longest diameter measured in 3D for solid portion
                  of the nodule, Solid 2nd Major: The length of the longest diameter of the solid part, measured in
                   sections perpendicular to the Major axis of the solid portion of the nodule), VDT (Volume
                 doubling time), and Lung-RADS (classification proposed to aid with findings). The system
                  automatically performs the measurement, allowing lung nodules and measurements to be
                  displayed and, integrate with FDA certified Mevis CAD (Computer aided detection) (K043617).
                        It also provides CAC analysis by segmentation of four main artery (right coronary artery, left main
                  coronary, left anterior descending and left circumflex artery then extracts calcium on coronary
                   artery to provide Agatston score, volume score and mass score by whole and each segmented
                   artery type. Based on the score, provides CAC risk based on age and gender.
                IBM-compatible PC or  IBM-compatible PC  IBM-compatible PC or  IBM-compatible PC
  Platform
            PC network             or PC network      PC network             or PC network
                 Monitor,      Mouse,  Monitor,    Mouse,  Monitor,      Mouse,  Monitor,    Mouse,
User interface
               Keyboard             Keyboard           Keyboard             Keyboard
                                     Images    can    be                       Images    can   be
                Images can be scanned,                      Images can be scanned,
                                         scanned, loaded from                          scanned, loaded from
                 loaded   from   card                        loaded   from    card
 Image Input                            card    readers,    or                          card    readers,   or
                   readers,  or  imported                           readers,  or  imported
   Soures                             imported   from   a                         imported   from   a
               from  a  radiographic                      from  a  radiographic
                                          radiographic imaging                           radiographic imaging
                imaging device                             imaging device
                                         device                                        device
Image format       DICOM          DICOM          DICOM          DICOM
Intended body
                           chest                   chest                   chest                   chest
     part
Type of Scans         CT              CT              CT              CT
           AVIEW LCS
           AVIEW LCS is intended for use as diagnostic patient imaging which is intended for the review
                and analysis of thoracic CT images. Provides following features as semi-automatic nodule
               measurement (segmentation), maximal plane measure, 3D measure and columetric measures,
                 automatic nodules detection by integration with 3rd party CAD. Also provides cancer risk based
               on PANCAN risk model which calculates the malignancy score based on numerical or Boolean
                   inputs. Follow up support with automated nodule matching and automatically categorize LungRADS score which is a quality assurance tool designed to standardize lung cancer screening CT
                  reporting and management recommendations that is based on type, size, size change and other
                  findings that is reported.
          AVIEW LCS
   General    AVIEW LCS is intended for use as diagnostic patient imaging which is intended for the review
 Description    and analysis of thoracic CT images. Provides following features as semi-automatic nodule
               measurement (segmentation), maximal plane measure, 3D measure and columetric measures,
                 automatic nodules detection by integration with 3rd party CAD. Also provides cancer risk based
               on PANCAN risk model which calculates the malignancy score based on numerical or Boolean
                   inputs. Follow up support with automated nodule matching and automatically categorize LungRADS score which is a quality assurance tool designed to standardize lung cancer screening CT
                  reporting and management recommendations that is based on type, size, size change and other
                  findings that is reported.
             Lung Nodule Assessment and Comparison Option (LNA)
              The Lung Nodule Assessment and Comparison Option application is intended for use as a
                  diagnostic patient imaging tool. It is intended for the review and analysis of thoracic CT images,
                 providing quantitative and characterizing information about nodules in the lung in a single study,


                                                                                                                   5

or over the time course of several thoracic studies. The system automatically performs the
                measurements, allowing lung nodules and measurements to be displayed. The user interface and
                automated tools help to determine growth patterns and compose comparative reviews. The Lung
               Nodule Assessment and Comparison Option application requires the user to identify a nodule and
                   to determine the type of nodule in order to use the appropriate characterization tool. Lung Nodule
                Assessment and Comparison Option may be utilized in both diagnostic and screening evaluations
                  supporting Low Dose CT Lung Cancer Screening
           AVIEW
             The AVIEW is a software product which can be installed on a PC. It shows images taken
               with the interface from various storage devices using DICOM 3.0 which is the digital
              image and communication standard in medicine. It also offers functions such as reading,
                manipulation, analyzing, post-processing, saving and sending images by using the
                software tools. And is intended for use as diagnostic patient imaging which is intended
                  for the review and analysis of CT scanning. Provides following features as semi-automatic
               nodule management, maximal plane measure, 3D measures and columetric measures,
                automatic nodule detection by integration with 3rd party CAD. Also provides Brocks
              model which calculated the malignancy score based on numerical or Boolean inputs.
               Follow up support with automated nodule matching and automatically categorize LungRADS score which is a quality assurance tool designed to standardize lung cancer
                screening CT reporting and management recommendations that is based on type, size,
                  size change and other findings that is reported. It also automatically analyzes coronary
                  artery calcification which support user to detect cardiovascular disease in early stage and
                reduce the burden of medical.
                 Providing   ray  sum                        Providing         axial,
                 image,  axial,  sagittal,                              sagittal,  coronal,  and
                                         same                                   same
                  coronal,  and  oblique                         oblique planes
                   planes.
                 Rotating  to  Anterior,                        Rotating  to  Anterior,
                   Posterior, Left, Right,                           Posterior, Left, Right,
                Head,    and    Foot                      Head,    and    Foot
                   direction                                         direction
                 Providing VR (Volume                        Providing    Average,
                                         same                                   same
                   render),       MIP                     MIP,   VIP,   MinIP,
             (Maximum   Intensity                       SurfaceMIP,      Vol,
                   Projection),    MinIP                      Rend.
              (Minimum    Intensity
                   Projection) image
Key Functions               Changing the color and                      Changing the color and
                  transparency of the VR                         transparency of the VR
               image by adjusting the                      image
            OTF (Opacity Transfer        same                                   same
                 Function) and  saving
                  as a  preset  to  easily
                 apply in the VR setting
            2D  and  3D  image                 2D  and  3D  image
                                         same                                   same
                 review                                      review
            2D      and    3D                 2D      and    3D
                                         same                                   same
                 comparative review                           comparative review
            2D      and    3D                 2D measurements
                                         same                                   same
                measurements
                Segmentation of Lungs        same         Segmentation  of lung        same


                                                                                                                   6

and Lobes                                     airway, lungs, and lung
                                               lobes
Nodule Characteristics         same         Nodule Characteristics         same
Automatic  calculation                      Automatic  calculation
of  measurements  for                         of  measurements  for
each segmented nodule                       each segmented nodule
  Size of the Major                                    Short axis-Longest
   axis  and  Minor                           diameter
   axis(mm)                                      perpendicular to the
  Diameter of Major                           long  axis  on  the
   (3D),  2nd  Major                           slice(mm)
   (3D),   Major(2D),                                    Long Axis-Longest                          same                                   same
   Minor(2D) (mm)                              diameter  on   an
                                                       axial slice(mm)  Volume(mm³)
                                                                  Average/Max
  Max,  Min, Mean
                                                  3D/Effective
  HU     of     the
                                             diameter(mm)
   nodule((HU)
  Cancer  probability                                    Volume(mm³)
   (%)                                Mean
                                                 densities(HU)
Comparison      and                      Comparison      and
                          same                                   same
Matching                                 Matching
Comparison      and                      Comparison      and
matching    automatic                       matching    automatic
calculations  between                          calculations   between
each  follow-up  scan                       each  follow-up  scan
and the baseline scan                        and the baseline scan
  Doubling time in                                   Doubling  time   in
days                                         days
  Indicated       the                                    Percent  (%)   and
change of the size            same             absolute change  of        same
  Auto      generate                                  all        numerical
Lung-RADS                                    parameters  (growth
                                                     in nodule long axis,
                                                    short  axis,  average
                                                  diameter, max 3D
                                                  diameter,   effective
                                                  diameter,   volume,
                                      mean HU)
Loading      multiple                      Loading      multiple
studies                     same           studies                     same
                                 Up to 3 studies
Workflow            Workflow                               Workflow
  Detect and Segment      Detect       and                                      Detect       and
  Comparison    and    Segment          Workflow               Segment
  Matching                   Comparison   and      Detect        and     Comparison  and
                                           Segment  Results               Matching                                 Matching
                                                                  Comparison   and
  Option to  integrate     Results                                                     Results
                                            Matching
  with 3rd party CAD     Option to integrate                                      Option to integrate                                                                  Results
  which automatically     with    3rd   party                            with    3rd   party
   detects the nodules   CAD      which                  CAD      which


                                                                                                7

and generate report      automatically                                  automatically
                             Displays CAC/LAA     detects the nodules                               detects         the
                         result  analyzed by    and      generate                            nodules      and
               AVIEW                  report                                         generate report

                   Supporting  Low-dose                        Supporting  Low-dose
                                           same                                   same
             CT                             CT
                   Reporting results                             Reporting results
                The results include the                    The results include the
                    following.                                      following.
                          Lung-RADS                                           Patient       related
                          PANCAN      risk                           information
                         calculator                same                Dictation Table with        same
                          Auto detect nodule                       Nodule  result  table
                        location by lobe                           and       additional
                                                                       findings
                                                                                           Lung-RADS
                                                                                           Risk Calculator
                     Printing Option              same           Printing Option              same
                             Connected from
                     anywhere,
                       anyplace, anytime
                             Supports mobile
   Thin client       view through
                                                                    -                             -                 same
      service          various mobile
                       devices served by
                         ios and Android.
                             Compartible with
                  Chrome browser
                   Rule-based automatic
 Easy processing
                   processing server                      -                             -                 same
  management
                 (APS)

8 PERFORMANCE DATA


8.1 Nonclinical Performance Testing

This Medical device is not new; therefore, a clinical study was not considered necessary prior to release.
Additionally, there was no clinical testing required to support the medical device as the indications for use is
equivalent to the predicate device. The substantial equivalence of the device is supported by the non-clinical
testing

8.2 Software Verification and Validation

Verification, validation, and testing activities were conducted to establish the performance, functionality and
reliability characteristics of the modified devices. The device passed all of the tests based on pre-determined
Pass/Fail criteria.


                                                                                                                     8

8.2.1 Unit Test

       Conducting Unit Test using Google C++ Unit Test Framework on major software components identified by
        software development team. List of Unit Test includes Functional test condition for software component unit,
       Performance test condition, and part of algorithm analysis for image processing algorithm.

8.2.2 System Test

        In accordance with the document ‘integration Test Cases’ discussed in advanced by software development team
       and test team, test is conducted by installing software to hardware with recommended system specification.
       Despite Test case recognized in advance was not in existence. New software error discovered by ‘Exploratory
        Test’ conducted by test team will be registered and managed as new test case after discussion between
       development team and test team.
       Discovered software error will be classified into 3 categories as severity and managed.
         ✓  Major defects, which are impacting the product’s intended use and no workaround is available.
         ✓  Moderate defects, which are typically related to user-interface or general quality of product, while
                   workaround is available.
         ✓  Minor defects, which are not impacting the product’s intended use. Not significant.
       Success standard of System Test is not finding ‘Major’, ‘Moderate’ defect.

8.2.3 Performance Test

           • DICOM Test Report for AVIEW LCS
           •  Performacne test report for AVIEW LCS
          • AVIEW LCS Integration Test Report
          • AVIEW LCS Thin Client Server Compatibility Test Report

9 CONCLUSIONS

The new device and predicate device are substantially equivalent in the areas of technical characteristics,
general functions, application, and intended use. The new device does not introduce a fundamentally new
scientific technology, and the nonclinical tests demonstrate that the device is safe and effective. Therefore, it
is our opinion that the AVIEW LCS described in this submission is substantially equivalent to the predicate
device.


                                                                                                                     9