GE Medical Systems, LLC                                                October 15, 2020
℅ Mr. Brian R. Zielski
Regulatory Affairs Leader
3200 N. Grandview Blvd.
WAUKESHA WI 53188

Re: K201615
    Trade/Device Name: SIGNA 7.0T
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic resonance diagnostic device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH
    Dated: August 28, 2020
    Received: August 31, 2020

Dear Mr. Zielski:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K201615 – Mr. Brian R. Zielski                                                          Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K201615
Device Name
SIGNA 7.0T
Indications for Use (Describe)
The SIGNA 7.0T System is a whole-body magnetic resonance scanner designed to support high resolution, high signal-tonoise ratio, and short scan times. It is indicated for use as a diagnostic imaging device to produce axial, sagittal, coronal,
and oblique images, spectroscopic images, parametric maps, and/or spectra, dynamic images of the structures and/or
functions of the head and extremities.
The images produced by the SIGNA 7.0T System reflect the spatial distribution or molecular environment of nuclei
exhibiting magnetic resonance. These images and/or spectra when interpreted by a trained physician yield information
that may assist in diagnosis.
The device is intended for patients > 20 kg / 44 Ibs.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

k201615
                              GE Healthcare
                                                             510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


                                          510(k) Summary

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:


 Date:                        June 10, 2020

 Submitter:                GE Medical Systems, LLC (GE Healthcare)
                           3200 N. Grandview Blvd.,
                            Waukesha, WI 53188
                         USA

 Primary Contact Person:        Brian R. Zielski
                                Regulatory Affairs Leader
                             Phone: 262-521-6609
                                 Email: Brian.Zielski@GE.com

 Secondary Contact Person:     James McMahon
                                Senior Director, Regulatory Affairs
                             Phone: 508-382-2858
                                 Email: James.D.McMahon@GE.com

 Device Trade Name:          SIGNA 7.0T

 Common/Usual Name:         Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device

 Classification Names:          Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device

         Regulation Number:   21 CFR 892.1000

 Product Code:
                        LNH         Primary:
                                   LNI, MOS        Secondary:

GE Healthcare
                                                           510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


Predicate Device(s):          SIGNA Premier (K193282)

Device Description:         SIGNA 7.0T is a high performance magnetic resonance
                          imaging system designed to support high resolution
                          imaging at 7.0T in particular anatomical regions
                         determined by the available RF coils. The system includes
                         a 7.0T superconducting magnet and an ultra-high
                         performance gradient coil with a 60 cm patient bore,
                           supporting scanning in axial, coronal, sagittal, oblique,
                        and double oblique planes using a variety of pulse
                           sequences, imaging techniques, acceleration methods,
                        and reconstruction algorithms.

Indications for Use           The SIGNA 7.0T system is a whole-body magnetic resonance
                             scanner designed to support high resolution, high signal-tonoise ratio, and short scan times. It is indicated for use as a
                                diagnostic imaging device to produce axial, sagittal, coronal,
                          and oblique images, spectroscopic images, parametric maps,
                            and/or spectra, dynamic images of the structures and/or
                               functions of the head and extremities.


                          The images produced by the SIGNA 7.0T system reflects the
                                   spatial distribution or molecular environment of nuclei
                                 exhibiting magnetic resonance. These images and/or spectra
                       when interpreted by a trained physician yield information that
                       may assist in diagnosis.


                          The device is intended for patients > 20 kg / 44 lb.


Comparison of Indications for  The changes in technology do not impact the indications
Use                           for use. The indications for use have not changed, other
                          than to reflect the SIGNA 7.0T product name and
                              simplified anatomy of head and extremities, and patient
                          weight limit.

GE Healthcare
                                                           510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


                            Therefore, the intended use is the same as the predicate
                            device in accordance with FDA’s guidance document “The
                            510(k) Program: Evaluating Substantial Equivalence in
                         Premarket Notifications [510(k)]”, dated 28 July 2014.

Technology:               The SIGNA 7.0T employs the same fundamental scientific
                           technology as the predicate device.
                         System Design:
                        The most notable technological difference between the
                       SIGNA 7.0T and the predicate device is the 7.0T B0
                          magnetic field compared to 3.0T. The SIGNA 7.0T design
                           enables the capabilities that this higher B0 magnetic field
                            contributes to MR imaging through the following key
                              differences:

                              •  RF Transmit chain: The SIGNA 7.0T employs
                                    multiple and independent channels for RF
                                    transmission, and dedicated receiver array coils
                             and detectors for high sensitivity signal reception.
                              •  Gradient system: The SIGNA 7.0T can deliver a
                          maximum gradient amplitude of 113 mT/m and
                          maximum gradient slew rate of 260 T/m/s
                             compared to the predicate’s maximum gradient
                                 amplitude of 80 mT/m and maximum gradient
                                 slew rate of 200 T/m/s.
                              •  Applications: The SIGNA 7.0T uses the SIGNA
                             Works suite of applications, optimized for the
                               advanced hardware and for the higher field
                                   strength to generate high resolution functional,
                                        structural, anatomical, vascular, and
                                   spectroscopic images.
                           Operating Principles: The SIGNA 7.0T functions using the
                      same operating principles as the predicate device.
                             Materials: The SIGNA 7.0T and the predicate device both
                         use flame retardant materials.
                             Safety and Performance Testing: Both the SIGNA 7.0T
                        and the predicate device comply with the same safety
                        and performance testing (see Determination of
                             Substantial Equivalence, below).

GE Healthcare
                                                           510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


                         These technological differences do not raise any different
                           questions regarding safety and effectiveness. Both
                            devices must address questions of whether they provide
                        an adequate level of image quality appropriate for
                             diagnostic use. The performance data described in this
                           submission include results of both bench testing and
                                   clinical testing that show the image quality performance
                             of SIGNA 7.0T compared to the predicate device.

Determination of Substantial   Summary of Non-Clinical Tests:
Equivalence:
                          The SIGNA 7.0T and the predicate device were subject to
                                  similar risk management testing to demonstrate substantial
                              equivalence of safety and performance. Testing to the
                               following voluntary standards includes:

                                •  ANSI/AAMI ES60601-1
                                •  AAMI/ANSI/IEC 60601-1-2
                                •   IEC 60601-2-33
                                •  AAMI/ANSI/IEC 62304
                                •  AAMI/ANSI/ISO 10993-1

                                  In addition, the SIGNA 7.0T complies with applicable NEMA MS
                              standards for MRI and NEMA PS3 standards for DICOM, as
                           does the predicate device.

                          The following quality assurance measures were applied to the
                           development of the subject device, as they were for the
                               predicate device:

                                •   Risk Analysis
                                •  Requirements Reviews
                                •   Design Reviews
                                •   Testing on unit level (Module verification)
                                •   Integration testing (System verification)
                                •  Performance testing (Verification)
                                •   Simulated use testing (Validation)

GE Healthcare
                                                           510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


                        Summary of Clinical Tests:

                          To evaluate the image quality performance of the SIGNA 7.0T
                              system, assessments were performed by GE MR internal
                                     Clinical Applications Specialists and external Radiologist as part
                                of a Reader Evaluation Study.

                          The reader study was performed on images acquired on the
                           proposed 7.0T system and predicate 3.0T system. Image
                                  series ranged from brain MR scans performed on normal
                                subjects and subjects with self-reported common
                             neuropathology, as well as knee images over a broad age
                            range representative of a range of knee health.

                          The study involved 4 U.S. board-certified radiologists
                               evaluating proposed device’s image diagnostic quality and
                                    usability, personal preferences, and general commentary using
                               radiology terms against same subject images scanned on the
                               predicate device.

                          To set the PNS limits for the SIGNA 7.0T system, a direct
                             determination study was conducted with adult human
                               volunteers without reported pathology.

Conclusion:                 The proposed SIGNA 7.0T was developed under GE
                               Healthcare’s quality system and is at least as safe and effective
                               as the legally marketed predicate device. The performance
                                 testing did not identify any new hazards, adverse effects, or
                                safety or performance concerns that are significantly different
                           from those associated with MR imaging in general.

                                  In conclusion, GE Healthcare believes that SIGNA 7.0T is
                                 substantially equivalent to the predicate device, and is safe
                          and effective for its intended use.