GE Medical Systems, LLC                                           December 10, 2020
℅ Ms. Katelyn Rowley
Regulatory Affairs Leader
3000 N. Grandview Blvd.
WAUKESHA WI 53188

Re: K201745
    Trade/Device Name: Deep Learning Image Reconstruction for Gemstone Spectral Imaging
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed tomography x-ray system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: November 13, 2020
    Received: November 16, 2020

Dear Ms. Rowley:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K201745 – Ms. Katelyn Rowley                                                      Page   2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – GSI_DLIR


                        Section 4:   Indications for Use

     Deep Learning Image Reconstruction for Gemstone Spectral Imaging
                                  (GSI_DLIR)


                                                    4-1

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)

K201745
Device Name
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction for Gemstone Spectral Imaging


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Deep Learning Image Reconstruction for Gemstone Spectral Imaging option is a deep learning based CT
reconstruction method intended to produce cross-sectional images by computer reconstruction of dual energy X-ray
transmission data acquired with Gemstone Spectral Imaging, for all ages. Deep Learning Image Reconstruction for
Gemstone Spectral Imaging can be used for whole body, vascular, and contrast enhanced head CT applications.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF
                                                            4-2

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR-GSI


                      510(k) SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVNESS

This 510(k) summary of Safety and Effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the
requirement of 21 CFR Part 807.87(h):


  Date:                    June 25, 2020

  Submitter:             GE Medical Systems, LLC
                         3000 North Grandview Blvd

                         Waukesha, WI 53188


  Primary Contact:           Katelyn Rowley
                            Regulatory Affairs Leader

                        Phone 262-309-5888
                              Email: Katelyn.rowely@ge.com


  Secondary Contacts:       Helen Peng
                             Senior Regulatory Affairs Director
                      GE Healthcare
                                  Tel: 262-424-8222
                              Email: hong.peng@med.ge.com

  Device Trade Name:      Deep Learning Image Reconstruction for Gemstone Spectral Imaging

  Device Classification        Class II

  Regulation Number/      21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
  Product Code:


  Predicate Device Information

  Device Name:           Deep Learning Image Reconstruction

  Manufacturer:          GE Medical Systems, LLC

  510(k) Number:          K183202 cleared on April 12, 2019

  Regulation Number/      21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
  Product Code:


  Reference Devices Information

  Device Name:             ASiR-V

  Manufacturer:          GE Medical Systems, LLC

  510(k) Number:          K134640 cleared on March 25, 2014


                                       Page-1

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR-GSI


  Regulation Number/      21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
  Product Code:


  Reference Devices Information

  Device Name:             Revolution CT

  Manufacturer:          GE Medical Systems, LLC

  510(k) Number:          K163213 cleared on December 16, 2016

  Regulation Number/      21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
  Product Code:


Device Description


Deep Learning Image Reconstruction for Gemstone Spectral Imaging (DLIR-GSI) is the next step in CT
reconstruction advancement. Like its predicate device (DLIR), DLIR-GSI is an image reconstruction
method that uses a dedicated Convolution Neural Network (CNN) that has been designed and trained
specifically to reconstruct CT GSI Images to give an image appearance similar to traditional FBP images
while maintaining or improving the performance of ASiR‐V. The DLIR-GSI can generate monochromatic
images (MC), material decomposition images (MD), and virtual unenhanced images (VUE). Multiple MD
images such as Iodine, Water, Calcium, Hydroxyapatite (HAP), Fat, Uric Acid can be prescribed by the
user and generated by the subject device. DLIR-GSI demonstrates same or better Imaging performance
as compared to ASiR-V in the following areas: low contrast detectability (LCD), image noise, contrast to
noise ratio (CNR), high contrast spatial resolution, CT number accuracy, MD quantification accuracy and
metal artifact reduction. Reconstruction times with DLIR-GSI support a normal throughput for routine
CT.

The device is marketed as Deep Learning Image Reconstruction for Gemstone Spectral Imaging and the
images produced are branded as “TrueFidelityTM CT Images”.

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction for Gemstone Spectral Imaging is compatible with dual energy scan
modes using the standard kernel and was trained specifically on the Revolution CT family of systems
(K163213, K133705, K191777). The deep learning technology is integrated into the scanner’s existing
raw data-based image reconstruction chain to produce DICOM compatible “TrueFidelityTM CT Images”.

The system allows user selection of three strengths of DLIR-GSI: Low, Medium, or High. The strength
selection will vary with individual users’ preferences and experience for the specific clinical need.

As compared to the predicate device, the intended use of Deep Learning Image Reconstruction for
Gemstone Spectral Imaging does not change (head and whole-body CT image reconstruction). Both
algorithms are designed to produce cross-sectional images of the head and body by computer
reconstruction of X-ray transmission data, for all ages.


                                       Page-2

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR-GSI


Intended Use

The Deep Learning Image Reconstruction for Gemstone Spectral Imaging option is intended for whole
body, vascular, and contrast enhanced head CT applications.

Indications for Use

The Deep Learning Image Reconstruction for Gemstone Spectral Imaging option is a deep learning based
CT reconstruction method intended to produce cross-sectional images by computer reconstruction of
dual energy X-ray transmission data acquired with Gemstone Spectral Imaging, for all ages. Deep
Learning Image Reconstruction for Gemstone Spectral Imaging can be used for whole body, vascular, and
contrast enhanced head CT applications.


Comparisons

The Deep Learning Image Reconstruction for Gemstone Spectral Imaging (DLIR-GSI) employs the same
fundamental technology as that of the predicate device. In fact, the DLIR-GSI deep learning neural
network was modified from that of the predicate. The DLIR-GSI option is substantially equivalent to the
predicate device, DLIR reconstruction option. Because both the DLIR-GSI and the predicate device DLIR
reconstruction for single energy are implemented on reference device, the Revolution CT family of
Systems with GSI (K163213) they utilize the same hardware and software platform technology on which
substantial equivalency is demonstrated. The table below summarizes the substantive
feature/technological similarities and differences between the predicate device and the proposed
device:


                                       Page-3

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR-GSI


 Specification/ Attribute   Deep Learning Image             Deep Learning Image
                           Reconstruction                     Reconstruction for Gemstone
                                                                 Spectral Imaging
                            (Predicate Device, K183202)
                                                          (Proposed Device)

 Compatible Image Types   Compatible with single energy scan   Compatible with dual energy
                      modes and standard kernel.         scan modes and standard kernel.

 IQ performance vs dose   Low contrast detectability (LCD),    Same
                        image noise, contrast to noise ratio
                            (CNR), and high contrast spatial
                             resolution are as good or better
                          than ASiR-V when substituted using
                       raw data from the same scan.

 Technology                  Utilizes a dedicated neural network   Utilizes a dedicated neural
                         which is trained using single energy  network which is trained using
                           acquired images on the CT Scanner   dual energy acquired images on
                       and designed specifically to          the CT Scanner and designed
                          generate high quality CT images.      specifically to generate high
                                                                     quality CT images.

 System statistics - Noise    Characterization of the photon     Same
 modeling of the data        statistics as it propagates through
 collection imaging chain    the preprocessing and calibration
 (photon noise and         imaging chain.
 electronic noise)

 System statistics – Noise    Utilizes a trained neural network    Same
 characteristics of the      which models the scanned object
 reconstructed images      using information obtained from
                            extensive phantom and clinical
                             data.

 Clinical Workflow           Select recon type and strength      Same
                           (Low, Medium, High).


Deep Learning Image Reconstruction for Gemstone Spectral imaging does not introduce any additional
risks/hazards, warnings, or limitations.


                                       Page-4

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR-GSI


Determination of Substantial Equivalence

Summary of Non-Clinical Testing

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction for Gemstone Spectral Imaging has successfully completed the
design control testing per our quality system. No additional hazards were identified, and no unexpected
test results were observed. Deep Learning Image Reconstruction for Gemstone Spectral Imaging was
designed under the Quality System Regulations of 21CFR 820 and ISO 13485. GE believes that the
extensive bench testing and the physician evaluation are sufficient for FDA’s substantial equivalence
determination.

The following quality assurance measures have been applied to the development of the system:

       •  Requirement Definition
       •   Risk Analysis
       •   Technical Design Reviews
       •  Formal Design Reviews
       •  Code Review
       •  Software Unit Implementation
       •  Software Integrations and Integration Testing
       •  System Testing
           o  Safety Testing (Verification)
           o  Image Performance Testing (Verification)
           o  Simulating Use Testing (Validation)
       •  Software Release
The testing and results did not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness than associated with
predicate device. We consider the proposed device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device,
DLIR.

The substantial equivalence is also based on the software documentation for a “Moderate” level of
concern.


Additional Non-Clinical Testing

Engineering bench testing was performed to support substantial equivalence and the product
performance claims. The evaluation and analysis used the identical raw datasets obtained on GE’s
Revolution CT family of systems and then applies the Deep Learning Image Reconstruction for Gemstone
Spectral Imaging or ASiR-V reconstruction. The resultant images were then compared for:
    ▪  Low contrast detectability (LCD)
    ▪  Image noise (pixel standard deviation)
    ▪   High contrast spatial resolution (MTF)
    ▪   Contrast to noise ratio (CNR)
    ▪  CT Number accuracy
    ▪  CT Number uniformity
    ▪   Material Decomposition accuracy
    ▪   Iodine detection

                                       Page-5

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR-GSI

    ▪  Metal artifact reduction
    ▪   Pediatric test with anthropomorphic phantom


Clinical Testing

The reader study used a total of 40 retrospectively collected cases which represent typical and
challenging clinical cases. The raw data from each of these cases was reconstructed with both ASiR-V
and Deep Learning Image Reconstruction for Gemstone Spectral Imaging and presented to each reader
independently. The results of the study support substantial equivalence and performance claims.

These images were read by 5 board-certified radiologists with expertise in the specialty areas that align
with the anatomical region of each case. Each image was read by 3 different radiologists who provided
an assessment of image quality related to diagnostic use according to a 5-point Likert scale. Three
readers read the cases primarily covering body and extremity anatomy, three readers read the cases
primarily covering contrast enhanced head/neck anatomy. One reader was qualified to read both body
and head/neck anatomy.

Additionally, the readers were asked to compare directly the ASiR-V and Deep Learning Image
Reconstruction for Gemstone Spectral Imaging images according to the key metric of image noise
texture.

The result of this reader study confirmed that the DLIR-GSI (the subject device) produce diagnostic
quality images and have preferred noise texture than the reference device ASiR-V.

To further challenge the DLIR-GSI reconstruction algorithm, 7 additional retrospectively collected
clinically challenging cases containing small, low contrast objects were evaluated. These images were
read by a board-certified radiologist with expertise in the specialty area that aligns with all cases. The
reader confirmed that all object(s) were adequately visualized for diagnostic use using DLIR-GSI. This
additional clinical evaluation further confirmed that DLIR-GSI produces diagnostic quality images, even
for extremely clinically challenging cases.


Substantial Equivalence

The changes associated with Deep Learning Image Reconstruction for Gemstone Spectral Imaging do not
change the Intended Use from the predicate, and represent equivalent technological characteristics
including the dedicated neural network, with no impact on control mechanism or operating principle.

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction for Gemstone Spectral Imaging was developed under GE
Healthcare’s quality system. Design verification, along with bench testing and the clinical reader study
provided in this submission demonstrates that Deep Learning Image Reconstruction for Gemstone
Spectral Imaging is substantially equivalent and hence as safe and as effective as the legally marketed
predicate device. GE’s quality system’s design, verification, and risk management processes did not
identify any additional hazards, unexpected results, or adverse effects stemming from the changes to
the predicate.


                                       Page-6

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR-GSI


Based on development under GE Healthcare’s quality system, the successful verification and validation
testing, including the additional engineering bench testing, and the clinical reader study, GE Healthcare
believes that Deep Learning Image Reconstruction for Gemstone Spectral Imaging is substantially
equivalent to the predicate device and hence is safe and effective for its intended use.


                                       Page-7