September 6, 2020
Oculogica, Inc.
℅ Janice Hogan
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
1735 Market Street
Suite 2300
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103


Re: K201841
    Trade/Device Name: EyeBOX
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.1455
    Regulation Name: Traumatic brain injury eye movement assessment aid
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QEA
    Dated: July 2, 2020
    Received: July 2, 2020

Dear Janice Hogan:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

K201841 - Janice Hogan                                                               Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                              Jay R. Gupta -S

                                            Jay Gupta
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT5A: Division of Neurosurgical,
                                                Neurointerventional
                                           and Neurodiagnostic Devices
                                  OHT5: Office of Neurological
                                           and Physical Medicine Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)


Device Name

EyeBOX

Indications for Use (Describe)

The EyeBOX is intended to measure and analyze eye movements as an aid in the diagnosis of concussion, also known as
mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI), within one week of head injury in patients 5 through 67 years of age in conjunction
with a standard neurological assessment of concussion.
A negative EyeBOX classification may correspond to eye movement that is consistent with a lack of concussion.
A positive EyeBOX classification corresponds to eye movement that may be present in both patients with or without
concussion.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF
                                                                                             0052

510(k) Summary [21 CFR 807.92]

Date Prepared:                     9/4/2020
Submission Number:            K201841
Submitted by:                     Oculogica Inc.
                               33 IRVING PLACE
                      NEW YORK, NY 10003
                           ROSINA SAMADANI, PH.D.
                                 484-393-2694

Subject Device Name:           EyeBOX, Model OCL 02.5
Predicate Device Name:          EyeBOX, Model OCL 02, K191183
Regulation Number:              21 CFR 882.1455
Regulation Name:                  Traumatic brain injury eye movement assessment aid
Regulatory Class:                 Class II
Product Code:               QEA
Review Panel:                     Neurology

Manufacturer:                    Oculogica Inc.
                               33 IRVING PLACE
                      NEW YORK, NY 10003
Registration Number:            301453677
Manufacturer Contact:          ROSINA SAMADANI, PH.D.
                                 484-393-2694
                          ROSINA@OCULOGICA.COM


The company’s EyeBOX Model OCL 02.5 device is a modification to the EyeBOX Model OCL 02
device, which was cleared under premarket notification K191183. The EyeBOX Model OCL 02.5
device has the same intended use, the same principles of operation, and similar technological
characteristics as the previously cleared EyeBOX Model OCL 02 device. None of the changes in
technology raise new questions of safety or effectiveness, and comprehensive testing demonstrates
that these changes do not adversely impact performance.

The following table presents a comparison of the device of this submission to the predicate device.

                  Predicate Device                     Subject Device
 510(k) Number    K191183                            K201841
 Trade Name     EyeBOX                        Same
 Model Number    OCL 02                        OCL 02.5
 Manufacturer       Oculogica, Inc.                    Same
 Product Code    QEA                           Same
 Regulation        21 CFR 882.1455 Traumatic brain injury  Same
                  eye movement assessment aid


                                                                                                             pg. 1

Indications       The EyeBOX is intended to measure and  Same
for Use            analyze eye movements as an aid in the
                   diagnosis of concussion, also known as
                    mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI), within
                one week  of head  injury  in patients 5
                   through 67 years of age in conjunction with
                a standard neurological assessment  of
                   concussion.
             A  negative EyeBOX  classification may
                  correspond  to  eye movement  that  is
                    consistent with a lack of concussion.
             A    positive   EyeBOX    classification
                  corresponds to eye movement that may be
                   present in both patients with or without
                   concussion.
Device             Oculogica’s EyeBOX  is an eye-tracking  Same
Description        device with custom software. The device is
                 comprised of a host PC with integrated
                  touchscreen interface for the operator, eye
                    tracking camera, LCD stimulus screen and
                     head-stabilizing   rest   (chin   rest  and
                  forehead rest) for the patient, and data
                   processing algorithm. The data processing
                    algorithm detects subtle changes in eye
                movements  resulting  from  concussion.
                The eye  tracking  task  takes  about 4
                  minutes to complete and involves watching
                a video move around the perimeter of an
             LCD monitor positioned  in  front  of the
                     patient while a high speed near-infrared
                     (IR) camera records gaze positions 500
                   times per second. The post-processed
                  data  are  analyzed   automatically   to
                 produce one or more outcome measures.
Principle of       The data processing  algorithm  detects  Same
operation           subtle  changes   in  eye  movements
                     resulting  from  concussion.  The  eye
                    tracking task takes about 4 minutes to
                  complete and involves watching a video
               move around the perimeter of an LCD
                   monitor positioned in front of the patient
                    while a  high speed  near-infrared  (IR)
                camera records gaze positions 500 times
                   per second. The post-processed data are
                  analyzed automatically to produce a BOX
                    score.
WiFi Functionality  Provided                        Same
Enclosure          Table-top                        Same


                                                                                                           pg. 2

Patient position    Seated only                      Same


1.            Intended Use and Indications for Use Statement

No change is made to the intended use of the device, the patient population or intended user.

      The EyeBOX is intended to measure and analyze eye movements as an aid in the diagnosis
        of concussion, also known as mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI), within one week of head injury
         in patients 5 through 67 years of age in conjunction with a standard neurological assessment
        of concussion.
     A negative EyeBOX classification may correspond to eye movement that is consistent with a
        lack of concussion.
     A positive EyeBOX classification corresponds to eye movement that may be present in both
        patients with or without concussion.

2.            Technological Characteristics

Oculogica’s EyeBOX uses eye-tracking technology and a data processing algorithm to detect subtle
changes in eye movements resulting from concussion. The EyeBOX principles of operation have not
changed. The  principles  of operation are  identical  to  its predicate device. The technological
characteristics important to device function as an aid in diagnosis of concussion are not changed; the
eye tracking performance and proprietary EyeBOX algorithm, which processes the eye tracking data
and outputs the BOX score, are not changed.

The following changes have been implemented.
    •  The eye tracking camera is replaced with a camera system having equivalent function.
    •   Certain components are replaced with components having equivalent function.
    •   Minor changes to the user interface to simplify user interaction.
    •   Minor changes to the EyeBOX report to assist interpretation of results.

None of the changes in technology raise new questions of safety or effectiveness.

3.           Performance Testing

The following verification / validation activities were performed as required by the risk assessment of
the changes according to the Oculogica Quality Management System. Results of this comprehensive
testing demonstrate that these changes also do not adversely impact performance.

    •          Electromagnetic emissions and immunity testing according to IEC 60601-1-2:2014
            (4TH EDITION) Medical electrical equipment - Part 1-2: General requirements for
               basic safety and essential performance - Collateral Standard: Electromagnetic
               disturbances - Requirements and tests
    •         Z80.36-2016 - Light Hazard Protection For Ophthalmic Instruments
    •        Bench testing was performed on an artificial eye (designed with similar geometry to a
           human eye) to demonstrate that the spatial precision and step response of the new
            camera met performance requirements.
    •          Testing was performed in N=84 human participants to demonstrate that the new
            camera and analysis could reliably detect blinks and gaze position across the range
                of gaze positions measured by the device.


                                                                                                             pg. 3

•         Software verification and user testing

4.           Conclusion

The EyeBOX Model OCL 02.5 device has the same intended use and principle of operation as the
previously cleared EyeBOX Model OCL 02 device. In addition, the EyeBOX Model OCL 02.5 device
has comparable technological characteristics as its predicate. None of the changes in technology
raise new questions of safety or effectiveness, and comprehensive testing demonstrates that these
changes do not adversely impact performance. Thus, the EyeBOX Model OCL 02 device is
substantially equivalent to its predicate device.


                                                                                                             pg. 4