GE Healthcare                                                         September 25, 2020
℅ Alexandra Lifshits
Regulatory Affairs Program Manager
4 Hayozma Street
Tirat Hacarmel, 30200
ISRAEL

Re: K201103
    Trade/Device Name: Xeleris V Processing and Review Systems
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: August 13, 2020
    Received: August 18, 2020

Dear Alexandra Lifshits:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K201103 - Alexandra Lifshits                                                           Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K201103
Device Name
Xeleris V Processing and Review System


Indications for Use (Describe)
The system is intended for use by Nuclear Medicine (NM) or Radiology practitioners and referring physicians for display,
processing, archiving, printing, reporting and networking of NMI data, including planar scans (Static, Whole Body,
Dynamic, Multi-Gated) and tomographic scans (SPECT, Gated SPECT, dedicated PET or Camera-Based-PET) acquired
by gamma cameras or PET scanners. The system can run on dedicated workstation or in a server-client configuration.
The NM or PET data can be coupled with registered and/or fused CT or MR scans, and with physiological signals in order
to depict, localize, and/or quantify the distribution of radionuclide tracers and anatomical structures in scanned body tissue
for clinical diagnostic purposes.

The DaTQUANT optional application enables visual evaluation and quantification of 123I-ioflupane (DaTscanTM)
images. DaTQUANT Normal Database option enables quantification relative to normal population databases of 123Iioflupane (DaTscanTM) images. These applications may assist in detection of loss of functional dopaminergic neuron
terminals in the striatum, which is correlated with Parkinson disease.

The Q.Lung application may aid physicians in:
• Diagnosis of Pulmonary Embolism (PE), Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD), Emphysema and other lung
deficiencies.
• Assess the fraction of total lung function provided by a lobe or whole lung for Lung cancer resection requiring removal
of an entire lobe, bilobectomy, or pneumonectomy.

The Q.Brain application allows the user to visualize and quantify relative changes in the brain’s metabolic function or
blood flow activity between a subject’s images and controls, which may be resulting from brain function alterations in:
• Epileptic seizures
• Dementia. Such as Alzheimer’s disease, Lewy body dementia, Parkinson’s disease with dementia, vascular dementia,
and frontotemporal dementia.
• Inflammation
• Brain death
• Cerebrovascular disease such as Acute stroke, Chronic and acute ischemia
• Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI)
When integrated with the patient’s clinical and diagnostic information, Q.Brain application may aid the physician in the
interpretation of cognitive complaints, neuro-degenerative disease processes and brain injuries.

The Alcyone CFR application allows for the quantification of coronary vascular function by deriving Myocardial Blood
Flow (MBF) and then calculating Coronary Flow Reserve (CFR) indices on data acquired on PET scanners and on
stationary SPECT scanners with the capacity for dynamic SPECT imaging. These indices may add information to
physicians using Myocardial Perfusion Imaging for the diagnosis of Coronary Artery Disease (CAD).

The Exini Bone application is intended to be used with NM bone scans for the evaluation of adult male patients with bone
metastases from prostate cancer. Exini Bone quantifies the selected lesions and provides a Bone Scan Index value as
adjunct information related to the progression of disease.

The Q.Liver application provides processing, quantification, and multidimensional review of Liver SPECT/PET and CT
images for display, segmentation, and a calculation of the SPECT ‘liver to lung’ shunt value and the patient’s Body
Surface Area (BSA) for use in calculating a therapeutic dose for Selective Internal Radiation Therapy (SIRT) treatment
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 2                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

using a user defined formula.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 2 of 2

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission                   K201103

               510(k) SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVNESS

This 510(k) summary of Safety and Effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the
requirement of 21 CFR Part 807.87(h):

 Date:           April 23rd, 2020
 Submitter:    GE Medical Systems Israel, Functional Imaging (GE Healthcare)
              4 Hayozma Street
                   Tirat Hacarmel, 30200, Israel
 Primary       Alexandra Lifshits
 Contact:       Regulatory Affairs Program Manager
             GE Medical Systems Israel, Functional Imaging
                   Tel: +972-4-8563666 ext. 805
                 Fax: +972-4-8577662
                 email: alexandra.lifshits@ge.com

 Secondary    John Jaeckle
 Contacts:      Chief Regulatory Affairs Strategist
             GE Healthcare
                   Tel: 262-424-9547
                 email: john.jaeckle@ge.com
 Device Trade   Xeleris V Processing and Review System
 Name:
 Common /    System, Image Processing, Radiological
 Usual Name:
 Classification  21CFR 892.2050
 Names:
 Product       LLZ
 Code:
 Predicate       Device Name       Xeleris 4.0 Processing and Review Workstation
 Device        510 (K) number   K153355
                 Regulation Nº     892.2050
                Product Code      LLZ


                                                   5-1

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


 Reference      Device Name       EXINI’s aBSI
 Devices       510 (K) number   K191262
                 Regulation Nº     892.2050
                Product Code      LLZ

                 Device Name      GE’s Hepatic VCAR
               510 (K) number   K133649
                 Regulation Nº     892.1750
                Product Code      JAK, LLZ

 Marketed     The Xeleris V Processing and Review System is a modification to the predicate
 Devices        device, Xeleris 4.0 Processing and Review Workstation.  It includes all of the
                    clinical applications and features in the current production version of Xeleris 4.0
                and,  introduces new  clinical  applications  (i.e.  Exini Bone,  Q.Liver) and
              enhancements  to  previously  cleared  clinical  applications   (i.e.  Q.Lung,
               Myovation, Q.Volumetrix MI, Q.Brain).
                  Xeleris V’s Indications for Use remain the same as the predicate device’s except
                  for additional indicates for the new clinical applications, Exini Bone and Q.Liver.
                  Xeleris V’s Indications for Use do not create a new Intended Use.

 Device       The Xeleris V Processing and Review Workstation  is a Nuclear Medicine
 Description:   Software system that is designed for general nuclear medicine processing and
               review procedures for detection of radioisotope tracer uptake in the patient’s
               body, using a variety of individual processing applications orientated to specific
                    clinical applications.
                  Xeleris V is a modification to the predicate device, Xeleris 4.0 Processing and
              Review Workstation.  It includes all the clinical applications and features in the
                current production version Xeleris 4.0 and introduces new clinical applications
              and enhancements to previously cleared clinical applications.
              With Xeleris V, the customer now has an option where they can purchase the
                  Xeleris V software, and have it installed on a remote server.
           New Clinical Applications
                  Exini Bone: The Exini Bone application is intended to be used with NM bone
                scans for the evaluation of adult male patients with bone metastases from
                prostate cancer. The application automatically segments bone lesions based on
             2D whole-body planar bone scans and requires the user adjust and/or accept
                the final segmentation before proceeding. Exini Bone quantifies the selected
                  lesions and provides a Bone Scan Index value as adjunct information related to
                the progression of disease.


                                                   5-2

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


               • Q.Liver: The Q.Liver application is a comprehensive application that provides
                    processing, quantification, and multidimensional review of liver SPECT/CT
                exams for display and segmentation. The application provides the user with
                    tools to calculate a therapeutic dose for Selective Internal Radiation Therapy
                     (SIRT) treatment.
              Enhancements to Clinical Applications
               • Q.Lung: The Q.Lung application provides processing, quantification, and
                  multidimensional  review  for pulmonary  scintigraphy  for  display and
                    quantification of global and regional ventilation and perfusion on SPECT and
                 SPECT/CT studies. The change introduced in Xeleris V is the introduction of
                an optional lung fissure automatic detection using a Deep Learning based
                 model.
               • Myovation: The Myovation application is used for the evaluation of patients
                  with suspected or known coronary artery disease. Myovation reconstructs
                and reformats the SPECT raw data and helps to analyze the myocardial
                   perfusion and function in rest, stress, and viability studies. The change for
                     Xeleris V is the introduction of a new optional, non-AI Automatic Recognition
                    of Cardiac Structures (ARCS) algorithm for improved heart detection and
                    orientation.
               • Q.Volumetrix MI: The Q.Volumetrix MI application is a compressive tool for
                   processing and reading non-cardiac volumetric data, including NM SPECT and
                   hybrid SPECT-CT, PET-CT, external CT/MR (i.e. CT/MR from a separate nonhybrid scan). The enhancement for Xeleris V is a new, optional, DL-based
                  automatic kidney segmentation algorithm.
               • Q.Brain: The Q.Brain application is used to process, quantify, and review
                   brain studies obtained that include SPECT  , SPECT/CT  , PET/CT, and MR
                    datasets.  Q.Brain processing includes reconstruction, reorientation, rigid
                     registration, and non-rigid registration of single or sequential tomographic
                   brain data. The enhancement introduced with Xeleris V is that the display of
                  the CT images registered to the template is now included along with other
                    currently available image types.

 Intended     The system  is intended for use by Nuclear Medicine (NM) or Radiology
 Use:            practitioners and referring physicians. The intended use of the system is to
                provide digital processing, review and reporting of medical images, including
               data display, quality control, image manipulation and quantification analysis,
                  transfer, storage and printing capabilities.


                                                   5-3

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


              The system operates in a variety of configurations. The hardware components
            may include computer workstations, communications devices, video monitors,
               data storage and hardcopy devices.
               Software components provide functions for performing operations related to
              image display, manipulation, enhancements, analysis and quantification and
               can operate on dedicated workstations and client-server architectures.

 Indications    The system  is intended for use by Nuclear Medicine (NM) or Radiology
 for Use:        practitioners and  referring  physicians  for  display,  processing,  archiving,
                  printing, reporting and networking of NMI data, including planar scans (Static,
             Whole Body, Dynamic, Multi-Gated) and tomographic scans (SPECT, Gated
               SPECT, dedicated PET or Camera-Based-PET) acquired by gamma cameras or
              PET scanners. The system can run on dedicated workstation or in a server-client
                 configuration.
              The NM or PET data can be coupled with registered and/or fused CT or MR
                 scans, and with physiological signals in order to depict, localize, and/or quantify
                the distribution of radionuclide tracers and anatomical structures in scanned
              body tissue for clinical diagnostic purposes.
              The  DaTQUANT  optional  application  enables  visual  evaluation  and
                 quantification of 123I-ioflupane (DaTscanTM) images. DaTQUANT Normal
               Database option enables quantification relative to normal population databases
                 of 123I-ioflupane (DaTscanTM) images.  These applications may assist in
                detection of loss of functional dopaminergic neuron terminals in the striatum,
               which is correlated with Parkinson disease.
              The Q.Lung application may aid physicians in:
               •  Diagnosis of Pulmonary Embolism (PE), Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary
                   Disease (COPD), Emphysema and other lung deficiencies.
               •  Assess the fraction of total lung function provided by a lobe or whole lung
                      for Lung cancer resection requiring removal of an entire lobe, bilobectomy,
                    or pneumonectomy.
              The Q.Brain application allows the user to visualize and quantify relative
               changes in the brain’s metabolic function or blood flow activity between a
                  subject’s images and controls, which may be resulting from brain function
                  alterations in:
               •  Epileptic seizures
               •  Dementia. Such as Alzheimer’s disease, Lewy body dementia, Parkinson’s
                    disease with dementia, vascular dementia, and frontotemporal dementia.
               •  Inflammation


                                                   5-4

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


               •  Brain death
               •  Cerebrovascular disease such as Acute stroke, Chronic and acute ischemia
               •  Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI)
            When integrated with the patient’s clinical and diagnostic information, Q.Brain
                 application may aid the physician in the interpretation of cognitive complaints,
                neuro-degenerative disease processes and brain injuries.
              The Alcyone CFR application allows for the quantification of coronary vascular
                 function by deriving Myocardial Blood Flow (MBF) and then calculating
               Coronary Flow Reserve (CFR) indices on data acquired on PET scanners and on
                 stationary SPECT scanners with the capacity for dynamic SPECT imaging. These
                 indices may add information to physicians using Myocardial Perfusion Imaging
                  for the diagnosis of Coronary Artery Disease (CAD).
              The Exini Bone application is intended to be used with NM bone scans for the
                evaluation of adult male patients with bone metastases from prostate
                 cancer. Exini Bone quantifies the selected lesions and provides a Bone Scan
                Index value as adjunct information related to the progression of disease.
              The   Q.Liver   application   provides   processing,   quantification,  and
                multidimensional review of  Liver SPECT/PET and CT images  for  display,
                segmentation, and a calculation of the SPECT ‘liver to lung’ shunt value and the
                  patient’s Body Surface Area (BSA) for use in calculating a therapeutic dose for
                 Selective Internal Radiation Therapy (SIRT) treatment using a user defined
                formula.

 Technology:    Xeleris V’s basic functionality for processing and reviewing Nuclear Medicine
              and their associated CT images  is not changed from  its predicate.   This
                  functionality includes manual and automatic segmentation to depict, localize,
               and/or quantify the  distribution  of  radionuclide  tracers and anatomical
                 structures in patients for diagnostic purposes. Much of this functionality is
               designed for streamlined user workflows.

                  Xeleris V introduces two new applications that are focused on specific clinical
               imaging scenarios, using this basic functionality  Xeleris V also enhances three
                  existing applications to improve their workflow efficiency using both DL-based
              and traditional algorithms.


                                                   5-5

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


                  Attribute     Predicate Device: Xeleris 4.0   Proposed Device: Xeleris V
                General       Xeleris 4.0’s workflows use     Xeleris V’s workflows continue
               Workflows   both manual and automated   use both manual and automated
                                processes.                     processes. Xeleris V also includes
                                                   two new, DL-based automatic
                                                         segmentation algorithms.
               Use of         Xeleris 4.0 does not contain    Xeleris V introduces two new DLDeep        any DL processes/algorithms.  based algorithms for:
                 Learning                                             • Lung fissure segmentation as
                                                       an alternative to the manual
                                                        method.
                                                                             • Kidney segmentation as an
                                                      enhancement to the non-DL
                                                            automatic segmentation.
               Hardware     Xeleris 4.0 offered with a GE    In addition to the two options for
              Needed to    workstation or as software     the predicate, with Xeleris V the
                Support      that can be loaded onto the    software can also be installed on a
                   Xeleris V’s    customer’s workstation that   remote server.
                software     meets specification.

              The Xeleris V Processing and Review System has identical or equivalent
                 technological characteristics as its predicate and reference devices. The
               changes and the different technological characteristics do not raise new
                or different questions of safety and effectiveness. The software was
                developed, verified, and validated under GE Healthcare’s QMS including
                software development lifecycle.

 Testing       Design Control Testing:
 Summary      Xeleris V and its clinical applications successfully completed all design control testing
               per GE Healthcare’s quality system and also verified compliance with the relevant
                standards (i.e. NEMA PS3.1 - 3.20, IEC62304). The testing did not raise any new
                 safety questions or identify any new risks.   Xeleris V  is designed and will be
               manufactured under the Quality System Regulations of 21CFR 820 and ISO 13485.
              The following quality assurance measures were applied to the development of the
                system:
                •  Risk Analysis
                •  Requirements Reviews
                •  Design Reviews
                • SW Development Lifecycle
                •  Testing on Unit Level (Module Verification)


                                                   5-6

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


                •  Integration Testing (System Verification)
                •  Performance Testing (Verification)
                •  Safety testing (Verification)
                •  Simulated Use Testing (Validation)
              The testing and their results do not raise different questions of safety and
                 effectiveness than the predicate device. GE believes Xeleris V is of comparable type
              and substantially equivalent to the predicate and reference devices, and hence is
                 safe and effective for its intended use. The substantial equivalence was also based
             on software documentation for a "Moderate" level of concern device.
            Summary of Additional Testing:
                  In addition to the verification and validation testing successfully completed as
                required by GE Healthcare’s quality system, additional engineering and clinical
               performance testing was performed to provide the requisite data to demonstrate
               performance and substantiate claims. This testing included:
                Engineering testing including clinical datasets and clinician participation.
                •  Demonstration of clinical outputs, workflow, and tools.
                •  Scientific testing for algorithm performance and claims substantiation.
                •  Algorithm clinical performance testing using test datasets of representative
                          clinical exams where the ground truth and evaluations were performed by
                         clinicians.
                    Clinical Evaluation
                  Xeleris V did not require clinical studies to support the determination of equivalence.
              However,  the performance  testing  for  the DL-based  algorithms  for  kidney
               segmentation and lung fissure segmentation evaluates and demonstrates each
                 algorithm’s performance and uses test datasets of representative clinical exams.
              The test datasets were comprised of representative  clinical exams that were
               manually segmented by experienced NM Physicists and Physicians and were used as
              ground truth.  The NM Physicists and Physicians also performed the algorithm
                 evaluation. They reviewed the segmentation results and scored them using a 5-point
                  Likert scale.
              The scientific methods used to evaluate the effectiveness of Xeleris V are
                acceptable and support the determination of substantial equivalence.

  Substantial   The Substantial Equivalence of the proposed device has been demonstrated by:
  Equivalence   •  Review of the proposed Indications for Use shows that they are substantially
                    equivalent to the predicate device’s, also with consideration of the reference
                     devices. Xeleris V’s Indications for Use do not create a new Intended Use.


                                                   5-7

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


               • The device description and the comparison of device characteristics show that
                      Xeleris V’s has  identical or equivalent technological  characteristics as  its
                    predicate and reference devices.
               • The testing (engineering and clinical) demonstrates the effectivity of Xeleris V for
                           its intended purpose.
               •  The changes and the different technological characteristics do not raise new or
                      different questions of safety and effectiveness. The proposed device is as safe
                 and effective as the legally marketed predicate device as demonstrated by the:
               o Software verification and validation for a Moderate level of concern, without
                      unexpected results;
               o Development under GE’s  quality management system, design control
                             activities including risk management;
               o Device labeling; and
               o Engineering and clinical testing without unexpected results.
  Conclusion:   Xeleris V’s Indications for Use do not create a new Intended Use.  Xeleris V has
                  identical or equivalent technological characteristics as its predicate device.
                  Xeleris V was developed under GE Healthcare’s quality system. Design verification
                   testing, along with bench and  clinical testing demonstrate that  Xeleris V  is
                  substantially equivalent and hence as safe and as effective as the legally marketed
                predicate device. GE’s quality system’s design, verification, and risk management
                processes did not identify any new hazards, unexpected results, or adverse effects
              stemming from the changes to the predicate.
              Based on development under GE Healthcare’s quality system, the successful
                   verification, engineering bench and clinical testing, GE Healthcare believes that
                  Xeleris V is substantially equivalent to the predicate device and hence is safe and
                  effective for its intended use.


                                                   5-8