Caption Health                                                         September 18, 2020
℅ Sam Surette
Head of RA/QA
2000 Sierra Point Pkwy., 8th Floor
BRISBANE CA 94005

Re: K201992
    Trade/Device Name: Caption Guidance
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2100
    Regulation Name: Radiological acquisition and/or optimization guidance system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QJU
    Dated: July 17, 2020
    Received: July 17, 2020

Dear Sam Surette:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K201992 - Sam Surette                                                                Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                             Laurel M.       DigitallyLaurel M.signedBurk -Sby
                          Burk -S          Date:12:51:482020.09.18-04'00'       For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                              Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
 K201992
Device Name

Caption Guidance


Indications for Use (Describe)

The Caption Guidance software is intended to assist medical professionals in the acquisition of cardiac
ultrasound images. The Caption Guidance software is an accessory to compatible general purpose diagnostic
ultrasound systems.

The Caption Guidance software is indicated for use in two-dimensional transthoracic echocardiography (2DTTE) for adult patients, specifically in the acquisition of the following standard views: Parasternal Long-Axis
(PLAX), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Aortic Valve (PSAX-AV), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Mitral Valve
(PSAX-MV), Parasternal Short- Axis at the Papillary Muscle (PSAX-PM), Apical 4-Chamber (AP4), Apical 5-
Chamber (AP5), Apical 2-Chamber (AP2), Apical 3-Chamber (AP3), Subcostal 4-Chamber (SubC4), and
Subcostal Inferior Vena Cava (SC-IVC).


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                      PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 0025EF

K201992

                                   510(k) SUMMARY


                            Caption Guidance Software

Submitter

Caption Health, Inc.
2000 Sierra Point Parkway, 8th Floor
Brisbane, CA 94005

Contact Person: Sam Surette, Head of RA/QA

Phone: (415) 671-4711

Email: sam@captionhealth.com

Date Prepared:       July 17, 2020


Name of Device: Caption Guidance

Classification Name: Image Acquisition And/Or Optimization Guided By Artificial Intelligence

Regulatory Class: II

Product Code: QJU

Predicate Device: Caption Guidance (K200755)

Device Description:

The Caption Guidance software is a radiological computer assisted acquisition guidance system
that provides real-time user guidance during acquisition of echocardiography to assist the user
in obtaining anatomically correct images that represent standard 2D echocardiographic
diagnostic views and orientations. Caption Guidance is a software-only device that uses artificial
intelligence to emulate the expertise of sonographers.

Caption Guidance is comprised of several different features that, combined, provide expert
guidance to the user. These include:

       Quality Meter: The real-time feedback from the Quality Meter advises the user on the
      expected diagnostic quality of the resulting clip, such that the user can make decisions
        to further optimize the quality, for example by following the prescriptive guidance feature
       below.
       Prescriptive Guidance: The prescriptive guidance feature in Caption Guidance
       provides direction to the user to emulate how a sonographer would manipulate the
       transducer to acquire the optimal view.
      Auto-Capture: The Caption Guidance Auto-Capture feature triggers an automatic
       capture of a clip when the quality is predicted to be diagnostic, emulating the way in
      which a sonographer knows when an image is of sufficient quality to be diagnostic and
       records it.

Save Best Clip: This feature continually assesses clip quality while the user is scanning
       and, in the event that the user is not able to obtain a clip sufficient for Auto-Capture, the
       software allows the user to retrospectively record the highest quality clip obtained so far,
       mimicking the choice a sonographer might make when recording an exam.

Intended Use / Indications for Use:

No differences exist between the subject device and the predicate device with respect to
intended use or indications for use. The following summary of intended use / indications for use
is reproduced here for reference:

      The Caption Guidance software is intended to assist medical professionals in the
        acquisition of cardiac ultrasound images. The Caption Guidance software is an
       accessory to compatible general purpose diagnostic ultrasound systems.

      The Caption Guidance software is indicated for use in two-dimensional transthoracic
       echocardiography (2D-TTE) for adult patients, specifically in the acquisition of the
        following standard views: Parasternal Long-Axis (PLAX), Parasternal Short-Axis at the
        Aortic Valve (PSAX-AV), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Mitral Valve (PSAX-MV),
       Parasternal Short-Axis at the Papillary Muscle (PSAX-PM), Apical 4-Chamber (AP4),
       Apical 5-Chamber (AP5), Apical 2-Chamber (AP2), Apical 3-Chamber (AP3), Subcostal
      4-Chamber (SubC4), and Subcostal Inferior Vena Cava (SC-IVC).

Summary of Technological Characteristics:

The Caption Guidance software is identical to the predicate device, and as such, the
technological characteristics are incorporated by reference.

Conclusions

The current iteration of the Caption Guidance software is as safe and effective as the previous
iteration of such software. The Caption Guidance software has the same intended use,
indications for use, technological characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate
device. Thus, the Caption Guidance software is substantially equivalent.

The purpose of the 510(k) submission is to address the modification of a predetermined change
control plan (PCCP) to outline anticipated modifications to the Caption Guidance software and
the methods that will be utilized to implement those modifications in a controlled manner while
maintaining safety and efficacy. In accordance with the PCCP, all algorithm modifications will be
trained, tuned, and locked prior to release of the software to the field. The PCCP does not
include provisions for implementation of adaptive algorithms that will continuously learn in the
field.