TOMTEC Imaging Systems GmbH                                 August 14, 2020
℅ Mr. Marc Bergenthal
Manager Regulatory Affairs
Edisonstrasse 6
Unterschleissheim, Bavaria 85716
GERMANY

Re: K201632
    Trade/Device Name: TOMTEC-ARENA
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: June 12, 2020
    Received: June 16, 2020

Dear Mr. Bergenthal:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K201632 – Mr. Marc Bergenthal                                                         Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K201632
Device Name
TOMTEC-ARENA
Indications for Use (Describe)
Indications for use of TOMTEC-ARENA software are quantification and reporting of cardiovascular, fetal, and
abdominal structures and function of patients with suspected disease to support the physicians in the
diagnosis.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Summary
 TOMTEC-ARENA (TTA2.40)


510(K) SUMMARY                                             K201632
This 510(k) summary is provided as part of the Premarket Notification in compliance with
21CFR, Part 807, Subpart E, Section 807.92.

1) SUBMITTER’S NAME, ADDRESS, TELEPHONE NUMBER, CONTACT PERSON
   Primary Contact:          Marc Bergenthal
                                Email: marc.bergenthal@tomtec.de
                                   Tel: (+49) 89 32175 555
                              Fax: (+49) 89 32175 750


   Sponsor:             TOMTEC Imaging Systems GmbH
                               Edisonstrasse 6
                           85716 Unterschleissheim
                         Germany
   Date prepared:            June 12, 2020


2) NAME OF THE DEVICE, INCLUDING THE TRADE OR PROPRIETARY NAME IF
  APPLICABLE, THE COMMON OR USUAL NAME, AND THE CLASSIFICATION
  NAME, IF KNOWN
  Common Name:             Picture archiving and communications system
   Proprietary Name:        TOMTEC-ARENA
    Classification Name:       21 CFR 892.2050,
                             System, Image Processing, Radiological
   Product code:              QIH, Class II


3) INDICATIONS FOR USE
   Indications for use of TOMTEC-ARENA software are quantification and reporting of
   cardiovascular, fetal, and abdominal structures and function of patients with suspected
   disease to support the physicians in the diagnosis.


4) DEVICE DESCRIPTION
  TOMTEC-ARENA (TTA2) is a clinical software package for reviewing, quantifying and
   reporting digital medical data. The software is compatible with different IMAGE-ARENA
   platforms and third party platforms.
   Platforms enhance the workflow by providing the database, import, export and other
   services. All analyzed data and images will be transferred to the platform for archiving,
   reporting and statistical quantification purposes.
  TTA2 consists of the following optional modules:


 TOMTEC Imaging Systems GmbH                                                               Page 1 of 11
  Confidential

510(k) Summary
 TOMTEC-ARENA (TTA2.40)

        TOMTEC-ARENA SERVER & CLIENT
        IMAGE-COM/ECHO-COM
        REPORTING
        AutoStrain (LV, LA, RV)
        2D CARDIAC-PERFORMANCE ANALYSIS (Adult and Fetal)
        4D LV-ANALYSIS
        4D RV-FUNCTION
        4D CARDIO-VIEW
        4D MV-ASSESSMENT
        4D SONO-SCAN


5) SUBSTANTIALLY EQUIVALENT DEVICES
   Primary Predicate Device:   TomTec-Arena TTA2
                          K150122 (February 13, 2015)
   Secondary Predicate Device: QLAB Advanced Quantification Software
                          K200974 (June 03, 2020)

  TOMTEC Imaging Systems GmbH believes that the TOMTEC-ARENA modifications that
   are the subject of this 510(k) are substantially equivalent to TomTec-Arena TTA2
   (K150122).


6) TECHNOLOGICAL COMPARISON TO PREDICATE DEVICES
   The TOMTEC-ARENA software with the modified modules has the same intended use
   and  technological  characteristics as  the  legally marketed  predicate  devices. A
   comparison of the proposed TOMTEC-ARENA application to the currently marketed
   primary predicate device (TomTec-Arena TTA2) and secondary predicate device (QLAB
   Advanced Quantification Software) are provided in the tables below:


 TOMTEC Imaging Systems GmbH                                                               Page 2 of 11
  Confidential

and and                 of                              No                                                                          subject                         and         use                                                                                                                                          was                                                                        for subject                                and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   predicate.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   secondary                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               secondary                                                                              and          secondary                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     effectiveness                                                                                                                                                                                             Use/Indications                                                                                                                                           primary                                                                           and                                                                                  or                                                                                                                                                                                        QLAB                                                                                    and                                                                                                 and                                                                                                          and                         Considered predicate.                                        of identical                                                                                                                           predicate comparable
                                                                                            to                                                                          primary                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     considered                                                               are                                            are                                                            use                     of                                            Comment                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        primary                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      safety      and secondary      /                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       clarity.                                                                                                                                                                            equivalent.                                                            for                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 predicate comparable equivalent. primary                      primary               primary                                                                                                        identical                                                                                to                                                                                          to         K191647.                                                                                                                           secondary                                                                                                                           the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Use/Indications                                Use                           of device                               device                                                                                  to          by                                                                              are  to      to    to       for                                   are                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      device.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         modification
                                         use                                                                                  the                                                               Discussion                          Intended device (unchanged)Intended for subject considered                                   Indications subject (unchanged).         Intended secondary device considered Identical predicate.                   Identical predicate.          Identical predicate.          Revised equivalent impact of           Comparable equivalent This cleared

                                                                           the
                                                  not of           a          is                                                                   for     heart to                                                        of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       semi-                                            of                     is                                                                                                      digital different
                                              a                                                                                                                                                                               support                                                                                                                                                                                                patients                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       abdominal                                                                                                                                                                                                   right                                                                                            designed and function                                                                                                                                                                tool
                                                  to                                                               are                                                                                                                            reading                                       a                                                of                                                                                            on                                                                                                                                                                                                                       helps right-                                                               with                                         and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   physician´s             device                                                                                        of                                                                                                                                           TOMTEC-                                                                                                                                                                                                              abdominal                                                                                        and                                                                              is                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 pulmonary                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                calculating                                                     for
                                        of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             reporting                                                                                    software                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              right-sided                                                                                                                                                                                                     reporting                                                                                                 and                                                                                          by                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          diagnosis                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       based                                                                                 package                                                                                                                                          fetal,                                                                                                                                                                               fetal,                                                                                                                                   images.                                                                                                                                                                               disease                                                                                                                                                                                                function                                                                       used                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                function.                                                                                                                                                                                                             work,                                                            use                                                                                                                                                                       software                                                                                    and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        medical                                                                                                                              and                                                                  and                                                                              the                                                                                                                             acquired                                                                                                                   11                                   a                                                                                                                                        structures                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         application                                   be                                                            for                                                    in                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               quantification                                                                                                                                                                                quantification                                                                        and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  clinics,                                                                                           and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         complexity                                                                                                                   of                           of multi-dimensional                                                                       as                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     values                                   to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         analysis                                                         3                                      Device                                                               data                                                                                    TTA2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            RV-Function                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        clinical                                                                                            software                                                                                                                                 The                             on                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 suspected                          4D                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Page                                                                                        review,                                            Subject TOMTEC-ARENEA                          TOMTEC-ARENA clinical                                      for reporting based medical modalities.TOMTEC-ARENA intended mammography Indications ARENA quantification cardiovascular, structures with physicians                Quantification cardiovascular, structures           Hospitals, offices.         Software       The ventricular routine hypertension, failure. overcome ventricle standard

                                                          of


                    a           a                                          is                       is                       It image                                        is                     is                                          It image                      and                             and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             dynamic

                                           a                                                                              an                                                                                                                              RV-                                                                                                                                        ultrasound                                                                                   ultrasound                 data machines                                                                              is                                                                                    4D               functionality.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   physician´s             device                                      Device                          software package. quantify                                                  software package. quantify                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          HeartModel                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              structures                                                                                                 and                                                                                                                                                                                                   Q-App segmentation                   providing                                      and Philips                      and Philips                             imaging                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ultrasound                                     medical                                   a     RV the                           on                             view on        of                                                         Predicate                     view                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    clinical                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  clinics,                                                                       as                                                                                of the       thereby                                                                                                                               application to                                                                                application to                         from                                           QLAB                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              anatomical                               Auto  of                                                                                                                                                   Quantification                                                                                                                     Quantification                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Ventricle                                                                                                             acquired                                                                   acquired                              3D                         TOMTEC-ARENA                                                         Secondary QLAB (K200974)     QLAB software designed data systems.                 QLAB software designed data systems.                                            Quantification acquired various function. Hospitals, offices.         Software       The integration engine the Function Right


                                              of                                                                                        be                         of    data  be          and                                                to                                                                           right strain                                                                                                                                                                            FAC.                           on                                                                                                                                                                                             thus                                                                                                                        the                                                                                                                                                                                also                                                                                    clinical                                                        of                                   for
           a                                                                                of and                                                                                                                                 and                                                                                                                                                                        ESV,                                                                                                                 reporting                                                                                                                                                                                        function                                       a                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       abdominal                                                                           the                                                                                                                                    can                     is                                                                                                      medical                                                                                                                                                                        disease                                                                    based                                                  in                                                                                                                                                                                                                     device                                                                                                                                                                            modalities. to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   physician´s                                      and                                                                                                                                      intended                                                                     and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TomTec-Arena                                                                                        and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         reproducible                                                                                                                                                                        EDV,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ventricle,                                      Device                                                                                                                                                                                                   mammography                                        of quantification fetal,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             reporting                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TAPSE                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               volumes                                                                                            designed                                                                                                      digital                                                                                                 and                                                  not
                                   of                                                                                                                                          and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       provides evaluation                                                                                                                                                                               fetal,                                 is                                                                                    software                                                               are                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            right                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                function.                                                                                                             function                                                            use                                                                                    and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        medical                                                                                                                                             different                                                                                                                                                                                                                        suspected                                   a                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         cardiovascular,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          physicians                                                                                                                                                                                                                       RVLS,                                                            for                                                                                                                                             the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                provides                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     structures                                         and                                                                                           and         clinics,                                                                                                                                                                                    This                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       quick                                            of                                                                       as                                                                                    It                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 measurements software                                                               with                                                                                 package                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 including                                                         Predicate                                                                                                                            reading                                                                                              of                                                                                                with                                              a                                                                           the                                                                                                                                                                                quantification                                                                                                                                 SV,                                                                                                                                                                       software         (TTA2.40)                                             for                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     GmbH                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            RV-Function                                            Primary TomTec-Arena (K150122)              TomTec-Arena software review, structures multi-dimensional acquired TomTec-Arena used images. Indications TTA2 reporting abdominal patients support diagnosis                Quantification cardiovascular, structures           Hospitals, offices.         Software     4D comprehensive ventricle analysis. RVEF, Distance analyzed. delivers analysis                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Systems                                                                                              COMPARISONSummary                                                                                                                 Site                     home, etc.)                                                                                                                          Imaging                                Use                         for
                                                                                                                                 used                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               RV-FUNCTION510(k) TOMTEC-ARENA                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TOMTEC Confidential                                            Feature               GENERAL Intended                                                                                            Indications Use                                                               Anatomical                where (hospital, ambulance, Design  4D  Application Description

code.   RV-    to                                No                                                                              code.
                    4D
                SW                                   user                 user                                              SW                                                                                                             was                                                                                                                       identical                                         with border                to                                                                                              to                                                     for                                                                     for                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  predicate.                                        or                                                  or                                             auto-                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       effectiveness                                        are                        predicate.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           predicate.                      RV                                                                                                    device.                                                                                                                                                  device.                             device.                                                               or                 QLAB                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Considered predicate.                                 for                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        considered  to                                                                                                                       safety the                   safety the                                                        changes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        changes                to           technology                          the of          the of                       primary safety      and secondary                     to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          clarity.                                                                                                                                 predicate            secondary                                                                       to         K200974-                                        to          secondary                                                  to                                                                                           HeartModel                                                                                                                                                                                                                    improvements                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   improvements                                                             to the                                                                                                    algorithm                        due                                 to                                            to                                                                                        for                                                                           by                                                               to                                                                                                                                                               measurements                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  device.                                        due                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     modification                                                                                                                       impact                         impact                                                                                                 the                                                        Updated Integrates segmentation Function placement. Added secondary            Identical Workflow convenience. No effectiveness Identical Workflow convenience. No effectiveness                Revised equivalent impact of           Comparable equivalent This cleared                                                          Updated


                                                                   MV                                                                                                                                                      reject                                  analysis 3D/4D                                                                       .obj                                  learning     a    of    line  of                                  surface                                   and             or               as        of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 closure                 valvular          3D                                               .stl                                                               interaction.                                  provides     using Models                                                                       into                      created                                                                                                                                     such the derived                                                                                                                                                                machine                                                                                                user                                            is                                                                                                                                                      accept anatomical                                 functional (MV) data.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              quantification                                                                                                       and                                                                                                                             edit, the          and            The                     comparison                                                                                                                  using                                            generated                                                                       export                                      a                         11                                                  to or                     valve                                                                                                             model                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             structures          allow                                                                                                                                                                       without                                                                                                                   of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   leaflets                             post-operative and             4                                                                                        value                         able                                mitral
                                                  is                                                                                                                and                                                       Page                                                                                                                                                                                                                contours                             MV-ASSESSMENT                                                    generated.                                                                                                                                                         surface                                                                                              the                                                                automatically model.   3.0                         Added: EDVI ESVI  Added: Beutel format    3D automatically algorithms User the landmarks.  4D morphological of echocardiography anatomical annulus, are parameters pre- function morphology.                   2.5

                                                                       .obj                       an   the                                                                                                                                                      reject                                                                                                                                                                                       learning                                                                                                                                                  semi-                                                     and             or   a is  of TOMTEC- a                                                                       .stl                                                               interaction.         is         the                                                                                                                                                                                                  engine                         clinical                                                                       into                      created                                                                                                                                                                machine                                                                                                                                                      accept anatomical                                    essentially      and          providing                                                                                                user                                            is                                                                                                                                                  Q-App                 machine-learning                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               MV-Assessment                                                                                                                                                                                      Valve                                                                                                                         that                                                                                              the                                                                     4D                                                                                                          export                     using     edit,to theor    MV                                                                                                             model       without                     tool of                      thereby     tool.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Mitral                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    segmentation                                                                                        value                         able             Auto                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             HeartModel TTA2
                                                  is                                                                                                                                                                                                                contours    3D                                                                                                                                                         surface                                15.0                     EDVI ESVI        Beutel format    3D automatically algorithms User the landmarks.    The automatic integration derived QLAB Arena application dynamic quantification                                 15.0

                  the                                                   the                and                                    post-   MV-                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   intuitive            of                                                                           based                   for      mitral                                                                                 4D                                                 confidence                                                                        edit                                         and and                 findings   theof                                                                                                                                and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         package                                                                       Right                 to model.             used   theof and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           annulus, line. parameters pre-      the                             of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        anatomical                                                          is                                                                                                                                                         created                                                                                                                                 easy                                                                                                able                                                                       MV                                                                     of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  complex                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            function                                            is                                                            complexity                                                is                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     dynamics                                                                 an                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     anatomical                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         morphological                                                 diagnostic                                                                       as                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          anatomy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               closure                                                                                                                                   the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              morphology.                                                                                                                                                                               surface                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      derived of                                                                 on application                                                                                     of                  the 3D.                                                                                                                  function                                                                                                                                      and                                                                                 of improves                                                                                                User                                                                                                             model                                                                                                             the                    your                                                                                                                                                                                                              models                                                                           the              in                                                                                                                                              such                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         assessment                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            valvular                                                                                                    the                                           and                                                     defined  of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  valve.                                                                                                                                                                  Based         and               quantification         (TTA2.40)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    visualizes                                                                 visualizing shape                                                             cleared                             surface user                                                                     MV-Assessment                                                 increasing by RV 2.0                               Volume Ventricle As        3D on landmarks. contour       4D comprehensive functional valve. workflow generates structures leaflet Automatically allow operative comparison Assessment presentation and morphology mitral 2.3             GmbH                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Systems
Summary                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Imaging                                                                                                                                     Formats:                                                        Version                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        MV-ASSESSMENT                                                                                                                            Version510(k) TOMTEC-ARENA                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TOMTEC Confidential                SW                                                  Measurements              Export                             Contour Generation        4D Application Description                               SW

No                                                                                             code.
                                                     user display  or                                                  SW
                                                                                    to                                        for                                                                                                  accept  or                                                                                    predicate.                                                 predicate.                                                               predicate.                                                                                                                                        effectiveness                                                                       model                                                                         predicate.                                                                                                                                        device.      or                                                                                  edit,                                           Considered                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           considered                                                                                                              safety the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        changes                                                                                                    initial  to                                                                                                                                          proposal.
                             in                                                       the of               primary safety      and secondary                           to                                                                                                                                                                            clarity.
                                             to        to                                            secondary                                                        secondary            able  to                                                                                                                                                               improvements                            contours.                                                                       the                                                     due          to             to                                                                 for                                                                                  still             to                                                                                                                                                                             device.                                 is the                                                                                                                          landmark                                                                                                              impact                                                                          the                                            Identical                                                        Identical Workflow convenience and User reject No effectiveness        Revised equivalent impact of           Comparable equivalent                                                                                              Updated


                                                 the                             a                                                                                            reject                                 of                                Based         and                                                             semi- learning                                                          on                               or                                                                                                                           model represents                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           optionally                                                                                                                                                                             locations.                                                 4D                  3D                                                                                                                                                                           interaction.                                                                                                                                                                                   level.                         a that                                                        Angle created                                                                                and                                                                                             machine                                                                                                           accept, proposals                                                                                                                                                                            provides functional ventricle.                        is                                                                                                                                                                      Strain quantified                                    Area                     Gap Width                                                         user                                                                              Leaflet                                                                    and left    LV   are                                                                  using     edit,                                                                                                                   11                                                                                the                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Volumes,                               to                                                                                                                                                                             anatomical                the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            segmental                                                                                                                                                                                                     datasets generated                                                                                                                   of                                                                       Annulus                                                     of                                                             model       without                                                                                                                                  landmark                                               of                                    Height
                                                         5                                                                                   LA.                                                   is                                                             able                                                                      Coaptation Coaptation Coaptation         Anterior                               is     valve                         echo      the                                                                                     surface                      initial                                               LV-ANALYSIS    3D      cavity      and                                                                                          Page                              Added: Prolapse Open Open Open C-shaped Distal 3D automatically algorithm User the mitral      4D morphological analyses on (Beutel) the also Displacement global                                  3.2

                                                                                               left all
                                                                                            reject theof                   and       cycles.                                                             semi- learning                               or                                                  across or                                                                                                            (DHM)                                                                                               (LV)
                  3D                                                        Angle                          interaction.                     locations.                                           anatomical          cycle                                                                                     created                                                                                             machine                                                                                                           accept, proposals           3D         tracking                        is                                                         user                     Gap Width Area                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ventricle                                                                              Leaflet                edit,                                                                  using                                                                         HeartModel                      cardiac                               to           anatomical                     left border                                                             model                                                                             the                                    Height                                                                       Annulus                      without        landmark                                                automatic                                                             able                                                                      Coaptation Coaptation Coaptation         Anterior                               is     valve                and                                                                                                                                                       Dynamic                                                                                     surface                      initial                             (LA) of                                                Prolapse Open Open Open C-shaped Distal 3D automatically algorithm User the mitral          The provides borders atrium frames                                                              15.0

                                              the with           on                                  for
                                a                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 stored                               of                                          using  3D                                                                                                      and                                                                                                                                                        onto                                                                is                                                                                                                                                          vendor                                                                                                                       left                                                             based                                                       an                                                                                be                                                                                for                                                                                                                                                                                         global                                                                                                                 based                          a                                                                                                                                                                                                                  allows                                                                    EF                                                                                                   than                                                                                                                                                                            function                                                            of                                                                                               more                                                                                                                                                                                                   clear                                                   is                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    including deformation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         assessment                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         quantitative                                                                                                                        can                                                                                            and                                                                                                           contour                                               be                                                                 and                                                                                                                     for                                                                                                                                                                   proceeding                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    mapped                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Function                                                                                      for                                                                                                   the                                                                                                               and                                                                                     created                                               to                                                                                                                                                                                                                      solution                                                                                                                                                                                                                              provides                                              the                                                                                                                                                                                                           ventricle                        is                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Analysis                                                                                                                  are                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              analysis                                                       It                                                                LV                                                                                                   for                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               volumes,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         results                                                                                                                                    anatomical                                                             edit                                                                                                  before                     left                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        reproducible                                                                4D    LV      strain       surface All                                                                                                                                              proven                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           LV-Analysis offline                               to                                                             model                            the                                         workflow            deformation      4D investigations                                             of has and 4D          tracking.                                                                 Results                                                                                             defined    able model                                                            quantification                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Beutel                                                                                                                                                                                                                               values. application ventricular                               is                                                                                                                                                                               while        regional         (TTA2.40)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     GmbH                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      reproducible                                                                              LV          exported.                                                                                                                                                            workflow.                     data      clips.                                  cleared                                            surface user                                                                                                                                        left          As             3D on landmarks. User surface the                   Volume analysis 3D accurate 2D independent speckle automated and ventricular strain basic of GLS advanced twist, analysis. the visualization. and 3.1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Systems
Summary                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Imaging                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 LV-ANALYSIS                                                                                                                                                 Version510(k) TOMTEC-ARENA                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TOMTEC Confidential                                                           Measurements                                            Contour Generation             4D Application Description                                     SW

in                              Atrium      and        as                 (see                     safety                         and        have            used  or
                                                                               is                                                                   volume                                                                                                                                                                               IMAGE-                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         safety          to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              features                                                                                                                          and                                                                                     values                                                                     the                                        same                                                                                            formula                      LA                                                                                                                                         (and or                                                          of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         already                                                                                                                   the                                                                                       as                                              to                                                                  for                                                                                                                             the                                                                                                                                                  parameter literature.                                                                                                                                         CPA                                                                                                                       CAP                                                        LAVmin,                                                               LAVmax.                                                                                                             The                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  features                                                                                                          CPA                      as                              the                                                                                                                                                                       device.                                                                                                                                                                     predicate          user                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      included                                                                                                                   for                                                                                   to                                                                                                                          LAVmax).                to                  to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                dedicated                                                                                            2D                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            requires                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          device.                                                                                                                                     were                                                     same                                                                       2D                              a                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            context                    on                                                                                                                                                              This                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         released.                                                                                     volume                              of                                                                        the                                                                                                                                                                               Addins                                                                                                                                         impact                                       extended LV-Analysis).                                                                                                                                          clinical                                                                                                                                                                                   were                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  version                                                                                                                                                                                                (e.g.                                                                                                                                                                                      QLAB.                                                of                                                                                                                                the                                        the                                                                                                                                     that                                                                                                                                                                                           cart"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  includes                                                                                              was                                   in                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         impact                                                                                                                                                              contraction).                                              No                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   and/or                                                                                     of                                                                                                                         CPA,            4D                                                                         by                                                  based                                                                                                                                                                   well-known                                                                                       SW                        to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     IMAGE-COM                                                                                                                                                                     secondary            in                a                                                     uses different instead                    is                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Addins),   "on CAPs layout). clinical No                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      improvements                                             cleared 2D                                                                     in                                     to                                                                                                                                                            quantification                                 is                                                                                        corresponds corresponds                                                                                                                                                            (CAP) only                                           but                                                 technology                                                                                                                                                                  same                                                          on and   CAP                      cleared                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     functionality                                                                                                                                                            described                RV-Function").                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              previous                            EF PreAV GLS                                    Option   EDV ESV PreAV      (prior trueEF                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       effectiveness                                                                                                                          the                    Same (LA  LA LA LA dynamic curve LA LA (LA LA and Identical "4D            Workflow convenience. or                     Based COM module This measurements available respective been integration dedicated application in workflows. effectiveness No and IMAGE-COM

                                                            on
                                                                       of                                                                              .obj                  of  It Time Endtool                                                          and          ASE2015       removed                                                                                                                                                       based  of and Further,
                                                                              .stl   an  by                                                                                                                                                                               contour within                                       tracking.                                  calculation                                                                                                                                                                                                        Strain Strain.                                                                              into     &                                  function       display                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Longitudinal                                                                                                             based                         and         the                                                                       PreAVI)                                                       step     step.                 quantification      eye                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    retracking  a                         Peak                              11                                        EDVI) ESVI)                                                        export                                                                                                                                                                                                  bull’s                                                          is regional                              (LA                                                                                                                   of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           provides                                a                                                                                                                                                                               Bullseye                                                         6                        (LA (LA                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               improvements   and revision                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Longitudinal Longitudinal                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         detection                                                                                                 value                                    revision             and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               (Global                        EDV ESV PreAV             trueEF EF   GLS                                                      CAP                                                                 Page                                          Added: LA LA LA    LA LA  LA       Added: Beutel format   Adapted guideline. Workflow Beutel proposal tracking            AutoStrain global contour supports Peakto Systolic this GLS Strain).                2.1

                                                                              .obj
                                                          and
                                                                              .stl                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          included
                                                                              into                  RV
                                                                                                                    export                          LA,
                                                                                        LV,
                                                                                                 value
                            EF                                                LAVmin LAVmax        LA                         Beutel format n/a                                                                AutoStrain                                                      15.0

                                                                                                                     were                                                      were
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             (AutoSTRAIN                                                                                                                                                    (AutoSTRAIN                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            functionality                                                                                                                                                                               functionality                                                                                              CPA                                        CPA
                                                                                        and                                        and                                                               2D                           2D
                                                                                              and                                        and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                IMAGE-COM                                                                                                                         IMAGE-COM                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              features                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          features         (TTA2.40)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     GmbH                                            - of                             - of                                  cleared                                                                                       cleared                 cleared          As                         As     As                   n/a part Addins)                                  n/a part Addins)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Systems
Summary                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Imaging                                                                                                                                                   formats:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Version510(k) TOMTEC-ARENA                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TOMTEC Confidential                                                           Measurements                                                                           Export                                Enhancements:                                                     AUTOSTRAIN Application Description                         SW

this                                                               identical                      to or            in                                                        (QLAB).                              within   are                                                                                                                                            been
                  or                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            effectiveness                                                                                                                                                    effectiveness              or                                                                                                                         safety                                      been                                                               or                                          have or                                                      available                                                                                                                                                                                                equivalent the                                                                                                                                                    code. have                     CPA predicate safety device.the                                        to                                            available                                                           SW       safety                                                                    safety                           the of
                                                           to                                          already    to                                                                 the                                  the                                                                                                                         impact                                                                                                                                                     device.                        were                                                 to                       to                                                                        secondary                                                                                                      Considered No                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     measurements
                        the                                                      impact                                  the                                                   changes measurements                                                           Measurements CAP IMAGE-COM/2D to No effectiveness                           Comment           of               to       impact                                                                    impact               /                          clarity.
                                                               No                                                                                         due ECHO                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Vascular                                                          for predicate.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     device.                     No device.
                                                                                                  the                                  the                                                                                                                                                      Discussion                       Revised primary effectiveness                                                   Updated Existing extended. of                                                                           Existing extended. of

                                                          and                                                                                                                                                                                  related                                                                                                                                              routine                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        displayed,                                                     11                                                                                                                                                                                  creating     entry                                                                         the Study          reporting                                                  of                                                                                                                                saving of                                                                                                                                                                             reviewing                                  7              ED ED  AC AC                                                                 supports         and            ED    AC                           for It and     basic                   imported,                                                                                                         Page                                                                                                                                                            purpose                 modules. be                              Added: LASr LAScd LASct LASr LAScd LASct                                                                               can accompanying                                                                                                                   module data. analyzing the whereis performed                                                                   for                                                       to                                                 be analysis                                                                                                basic medical                   a        e.g.   can                                      is        loading,                                                                  diam                                                                                                                                              digital for                                         exported                                      diam             AI)&                                                                                                                               dmin dmax dmean Area Perimeter d(area) left right                                                                                          Device                                                  studies, IMAGE-COM        advanced                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Valsalva                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             measurements and                                                                                                                                 (AT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Valsalva Valsalva                                                                            for                                                                                                         Subject TOMTEC-ARENEA                    IMAGE-COM measuring workflows medical reports. measurements point routine edited systems. 5.5 Added: Annulus Annulus Annulus Annulus Annulus Annulus Ann-Ost Ann-Ost EMV AMV E/AMV Renal

              ED ED                    AC AC                                                     Cath            ED                  AC
                                                   of                                                          for        time                        LASr LAScd LASct LASr LAScd LASct                                               be
                                             of                                                             Lab                             display                                                                                                                   viewer                                                                                                                                            easily                                                                                                                                                            variety                    were                                                         Cath                                                              examinations                      a can                                                                                                DICOM and  by                                                                                                          quick                                                                                                                                                                   studies             simultaneous medicine                                                                 (AutoSTRAIN                                                                                          Device                and                                                                functionality                                                          the                     CPA                                                                                                     dedicated                   supported Prior                                                                                                                                                                           current               and                                                                                                                                                                                                          ultrasound Easy is                                                                            and nuclear              2D           ais                                                                                                 with  or                     and                                                               Predicate                                                      IMAGE-COM                                                                                                                                      review features.         (TTA2.40)                  features                                                                                                                                                                                                                       additional information.                                                                                                          echo                                                                                                         GmbH     - of               n/a part Addins)                                                 Primary TomTec-Arena (K150122)          Image-Com cardiovascular examinations. image saving compared examinations Lab, provides clinical 5.4 ECHO                                                                                           Vascular                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Systems
Summary                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Imaging
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Version510(k) TOMTEC-ARENA                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TOMTEC Confidential                                                           Measurements                                                               Feature                   IMAGE-COM Application description                 SW Measurements                                                                                                                                         Measurements (continued)

or
                                           of                         to
              to
                                                                                         to or                                                                                 intended safety                                                                                            acquired Diastolic                                                                                                                                                                                                                   impact                                                            Pediatric.      in the                       is                                guideline.                                                                                                                                                       because            to methods          footprint  to                                                                                                   both                   No                                                         safety                                                                                               axis         similar.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             device.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              equivalent the                                                   be                                                             change                                                                                                            added  LV                                                                                                   case                                                                                           to                                                                                                             the                                               if         a                                                                                                                                                                                                   ASE2015                    No impact                                                                        of                                                extended         zero                                                                                                   this                  as                                                        on                      No                                                 In should                                                                                                                      check                                                                                                                              convenience.                                                         impact                        were measurement                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       device.                                                             ZERO).       device. predicate.                                predicate.                             Axis                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           predicate.                                                                         predicate.                     predicate.                      Considered No                                                                                                                                           based                                                                                  available      the                                                                                                                                              double                                          user                                the
                  is                        of                                                                                             of                                                                                                         for effectiveness                                                                                             primary                      primary                                               to     Major                       primary                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            primary               primary                  clarity.                                                Vascular existing                                                                                                                                      environment.              of                                                                        or                                                                       (TOMTEC                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Bullseye  to               to    to       for predicate.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  foreshortening.                  and                                 use  to      to                                                            measurements/values    able
                                               is                      or                                                               needs:                                                                                                                                                                                                              Systolic                                                         safety                        ECHO Extension Cath. IMAGE-COM solution use effectiveness Identical                             Identical                   Length user User without and        Adapted          Identical                                              Improvement the          Identical                   Identical               Revised primary effectiveness

                                                                                                                                      for
                                                                                                                                            (LV
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 proposal                              tool            11
                                                                                                                   of                                                                                                                                                                                                                   volume                                                                    analysis      8                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              manual                                                                      LA contour                                                                                     Anatomical measurements or         Page
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   atrium with                                                            advanced data.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        volume                                                                                                                                             left                 an                   specified
                                                                                         is
                                             added                                                                                                                                                                segments)                                                   existing                                   and                                                                      of measurements                                                                support                                                     (18                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          visualization,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          echocardiography          generic),                                                                                                                 (A4C) (A4C) (A2C) (A2C)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           CARDIO-VIEW                              Added: Pediatric Cath        Browser                             Unchanged                             Unchanged                   Added: LVLd LVLs LVLd LVLs AVC Bullseye          Unchanged                                      Extension (Simpson) step Unchanged                   Unchanged    4D 3D/4D structure and/or

                                                                  of             and                                                           are                             2-                views                                                                  EF,      It perfect
                                                                                                                      and                                                            of                                                                                                                                            function                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        offline                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        tracings                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    data. the unique                                                                                                                                                                      ESV,                                                     left and    view                                                                                                                                         results                                                                                                                                                                                                views,                                          diameter                                                 per          selecting                                                                  and                                                                                                                           (biplane                                                                                                                                                                                       echo getto the                                                                                                          quantify                      cardiac                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  diameters                                                                                           3D     using                                                                                  click                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        proposes                                                                                            After                           to                                                                                                                            EDV                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           automation                                                                                                                                 4-chamber                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  stenosis                                                                                                                                                                                                                       application                                                                                               by                                                                                   of                        independent                                                                                                         yields                                                                             of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                2-chamber                                                                                                   and interface                             on ventricle                                                                                                                                                review.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   navigation                                                             left                                                                                  mouse      the                                                                                     intuitive   and                                                         reference                                     analyze                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              clicks                                                                                                                                                                      workflow.                                                                                                                                                       vendor                                                                       based                                                                4-                                                                                                                                                                                           fast                                                                                                                                                                                                            tissue                                                                                                                                                                                                                         method.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ventricle                  a                                             a                                             (FAT)                                                                                                                           user’s                                              the                                                                                                                                         and                                                                                                                      and                                                                                                                                               two                                                                                          and                                                                                                  single                                                                                                                       IMAGE-COM                                                                                         is                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        calculation                                                                                                                                                            starting                               of                                                                                                                                                                                                application                                     on                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     calculation                                                              for                a                                                                                                                                            and                                                                                                                                                                          Left                                         a                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            end-systole                                                                                                                                                                                               just                                      a                                                                                                                        fast                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           segments)                                                                                                                                                                          blood                                                                                                                                                                                                apical                                                                                   is                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  length                                             based                                                           and                                                Vascular                              a                                                                                                                  function                                                                                                                                                                                                                         biplane                                                                             is                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  review                                                                                                                               the                                                                 with                                                                             views                                                                                                                                                                                           easy                                                                                    (16                                                            is                                                                                            based                                                                                                                                                                                               with                                                                                                                                                                     finds                                                                                           to                                                                                     of                                                                                             enables                                                                                                                                                                                                            atrial (Simpson)                                                                                                                                                                    directly                  and                                                                                                                   QCA obstruction                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     GmbH         (TTA2.40)                                                                                                                                                   AutoStrain                                                                                     CO             Cardio-View                                                                                             an view                                                                                                                                        left Vol                                                                                                                                                            analyze,        cleared                                                                                     selecting                        ECHO                        Application                   AutoLV ventricular chamber Simpson) The analysis to shown As                                          Bullseye        AutoLA* Simpson’s By AutoLA the LA         Cath area, obstruction Cath-QVLA SV,  4D solution offers 3D                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Systems
Summary                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Imaging
                         Types                           LV                   Strain                       LA        LA                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               CARDIO-VIEW510(k) TOMTEC-ARENA                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TOMTEC Confidential                    Exam                                Deployment             Auto             Auto                                AutoSTRAIN Measurements (continued)                                AutoSTRAIN Enhancements Auto                 Auto Measurements         Cath-QCA                   Cath-QVLA Measurements 4D Application Description

to or                                        the                                                                                                                                                                                                                           clips)                                                                                                                                                                                                      used.                                                                                                                     CPA. of                   4CH                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    session.                                        RV-                  safety                       of 2D         the      4CH    is                                                                                                                         part                                                                                                 the                                        "4D                                                                   of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     performed  in                                                             is                                                                                                                                          this   for same           code.                                                                                                                                                    equivalent the                                                      be                                                        code.     (see      to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Technology within                                                                                                    Use for      the          detection SW
                                                                                  can                for      in                      SW                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        application  to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       available                                                                                                                             Use.                      to                              impact                                                                                                                                                               implementation is structures                                                                                                                        predicate                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      (exclusively                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     contour                                                                                                                      device.                                               heart         for applied        evidence                                                                                                                                                    Considered No                                                                                                                                                          same                                                                                                                          predicate.                                                                 is                                                   the                                                                                                                       for changes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ventricles                                                                                                                                        fetal                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  available.                                                                                                                    the                                                                              changes                                                             of                                  of                                                                                                                                                                                                      cleared that fetal                                                                                 to
                                                                       is                      to                                                                                                                       clarity.                                                                                  the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    workflow both                                                                                      primary                                                                                                                        secondary                                                                                     the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Use/Indications                                                                                                                          due                                                      of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       within                                 due                                             for predicate.                           to                        to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          tracking            Indications available                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Substantial                                                        on                                                                                             algorithm
                                                                                                                    and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      analyze                                                                              Updated Identical Identical Function").       Revised primary effectiveness                                                                           Analysis based speckle Quantification cleared already Intended device. modification Optimized to clip Same Updated

                                                                 is
                                  on            as                                                                   in                  a                                  the    rate                                                                                                       and                                                  as               are 3- defined                                                             of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    together                                                         the the                                                                                                                                                               myocardial Based                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       parameters                         vendor                   strain                                 options, research               of                         tools and for                                                                                                11                                        of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           tracking                                                                                      format        ANALYSIS                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  assessment                                                                                                                                                                                                                         displayed   a the           myocardial            2-                                                                                                                    for        9                                                for        datasets                                                                                                 and          ventricle                                                        is for  of                                                         .obj                                                                                                      available                                                                        are                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Page                                                                                                                                                   border.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 export                                                                                                                                                        supports                                                        function                                  Various                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    displacements,                                                                                                                                          left                                                                                                                        models                                           and                            analysis.                                                                           are                                          display                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             deformation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          speckle                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       functional                                                                                                                 CPA)                                                                                                                                                                                                  strain                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    suitable                     and                                                         .stl                         B-Mode                                                                                           PERFORMANCE                   the                                                                   2D                        that                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               parameter quantifications, result                                                                                                                                                                         results                                                                                                    they    2D solution        analysis                                                                     of                                                                                                                                                               parameters                   and                                                                   on            CPA                                                  or                                            possible.                                  into                 echo algorithm           epicardial                                                                                                                                                                                                                    cardiac                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  velocities,   The                                                                                                                                                                   PERFORMANCE                                                                                                                   rates               are                                                                                                                                                                            views                                                                                                                                                                                          deformation                     2D-contour                                                               and                                                                             2D use.                                                      rendering morphology                                      export                                        of                                                                                                                                                                                               CARDIAC (FETAL                                                                                                                                                                                                             offline of Detailed     based                                                                                                                                                                                 Basic advanced                                                                                                                                                       charts values.                                                                                                                               provides                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     displacement,    axis                                                                         as                  for                                and        tracking                   strain derived. in  2D                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ventricle.                                                                                                                                                                                            heart.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       comprehensive       routine                                                               CPA)            dimensional          be                                                                                                                                          long                                                                        value       CARDIAC                                                                                                                 FETAL                                                                                                                                                  well                                                           measurements available dimensional structures.      3.1 Unchanged Added: Beutel  2D (2D function two speckle calculation endocardial Corresponding strains, can figures, numerical FETAL ANALYSIS independent, quantification fetal velocity, performed the right as with make and 1.4


              4D                                        in                                                                                                                                    export                                                        cardiac be time.                             vendor                  and         any     a
                                      is                         D’Art                            make any can at          is                                                                                                                                                                                        research                                                                                                                                    result                        for
                                                                     for                                                                                             Fetal)   the deformation. velocity, rate                                                                                                                                                                tracking parameter
                                                for                                             views retrieval             and                           and                                              Analysis                   strain                                                      multi-slice                 solution                                                                                                                                            speckle Basic                                                                       measurements                                                                                                                                                                                        suitable               the             measurements        easy                                                         and 2D                                                                                             (Adult         solution ventricular myocardial                              for                    like basic                                                                                                                              views.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              comprehensive CPA                                                                    left of  on                                          volume all-purpose                  of      strain      2D                                                                                                               offline                 axis and                                                                                                use.                                                                                                                                                                   Performance                                                slices),  an measurements                                                                                                    based                                                                                                                           ANALYSIS                                       Features                           All bookmarks                                                                analysis            2D based                                                                                                         short    make
                    as         (TTA2.40)           tool.                                                                                                        Cardiac          or               routine                                                                                                       GmbH                                                                                      cleared cleared                         D’Art (multiple workflow Cardio-View structure. stored 3.0 as as    2D independent quantification Detailed displacement, performed long assessment options and                                               1.2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Systems
Summary                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Imaging                                                                                                           formats:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Version                                                                              Version                                                              CARDIAC-PERFORMANCE510(k) TOMTEC-ARENA                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TOMTEC Confidential                      SW Measurements Export  2D Application Description                                                SW

to                                              No                                            (similar                  to or             the                                            device.
                                             to                                                                                                                                                                                           display dedicated   the
                                                      to a
                                                            of                                 strain                                                             safety                   in                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                reporting.                                   extended                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               measurements, order                                                                                                                                                                    equivalent the                                     releaseto
                  were atrium                    to                 in                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  correspond due                                  clinical                                                                    and                 extended added                           effectiveness                and                                                             impact                                                                                                                   easy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              measurements                                                                                                                                                                    Considered No                                                                                                                                 device.                                  version,   and                                                                                      for                                                                                                           were                                 strain                                  the                     or                                     of                            identical                     those      safety
                                             is                                                                                                                                   clarity.                                                                                                                                                                                                              existing             (view) the                                                     measurements                                                 for predicate.                                                   on      to                                                 ventricle Option).                                                                                                                                                              version                                workspaces structure             LA                                   Existing right to                                                        Revised primary effectiveness      SW TOMTEC-ARENA dependencies. Based new and workspace impact

                   RV  LV
                   of                                                                                  which and                                   and                and                           atrium        ED                                                                                                                                                                                        reporting                                                                  11                       RV RV                                                                                of             and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                institutions.                                                                       strain/strain         and  of                                                                                                                   10                                      and                          applications        modified                   ES  ED                       workspaces                         LV                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Page                           strain        at                                                                                                                                                   clinical          connected                                   and of                 clinical                                                            septal)                                                 segmental                                                                                                                   various      within imported,                       ES ED                                        ventricle                       at at        be support                          and                                                                             diameter                and                                         to                                                                                                                                                             different                                                          can                      right                                                                                                                                   provides to workflow                GLS
         to                                                                    (lateral             length area                                                                                      ventricle                    the     order                   OP                           (e.g.                           in                         Echo                                                    values).      LV                                        dedicated                                                                                                    Pre/Post                                           MAPSE Basal         Ventricle Myocardial                                   Extended strain rate - - and - -          REPORTING are supports Measurements exported systems. 2.40             Added: Vascular Stress Pediatric Fetal TEE

                                                                                                                                                                    Reporting.
                                                 calculation                                                                                                       Ultrasound
                           strain                               for
         (TTA2.40)                  ventricle                                                              module                                                                                                                                                       GmbH                  Left                                                                                             Dedicated                     2.01             Echo                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Systems


                          /Summary                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Imaging
                                                                                                                                                              Version510(k) TOMTEC-ARENA                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TOMTEC Confidential                                                     Measurements                                                                                   REPORTING Application Description        SW                     Workspaces Areas

510(k) Summary
 TOMTEC-ARENA (TTA2.40)


7) NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE DATA
   The proposed modifications were tested  in accordance  with TOMTEC’s  internal
   processes. Design Control activities to assure the safe and effective performance of the
   modified TOMTEC-ARENA include but are not limited to the following:
         Product Specifications
         Design Review
         Risk Analysis
         Software Verification
  TOMTEC-ARENA is considered a Moderate Level of Concern. Software verification was
   performed according to the standard IEC 62304 “Medical device software - Software lifecycle processes”.
  A Summative Usability Evaluation was performed considering FDA’s Guidance for
   Industry and FDA Staff “Applying Human Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical
   Devices” and according to the standard IEC 62366-1 “Medical devices – Part 1:
   Application of usability engineering to medical devices”. TOMTEC-ARENA has been
   found to be safe and effective for the intended users, uses, and use environments.
   Completion of all verification activities demonstrated that the subject device meets all
   design and performance requirements. Verification activities performed confirmed that
   the differences in the design did not adversely affect the safety and effectiveness of the
   subject device.


8) SUMMARY OF CLINICAL TESTS:
  No clinical testing conducted in support of substantial equivalence when compared to
   the predicate devices.


9) CONCLUSION
    Verification and validation activities required to establish the performance, functionality,
   and reliability characteristics of the modified TOMTEC-ARENA software with respect to
   the predicate device(s) were performed successfully. Testing performed demonstrated
    that the proposed TOMTEC-ARENA (TTA2.40) meets defined requirements and
   performance claims.
   Based on the conformance  to standards, development under TOMTEC’s Quality
   Management System, and the successful verification and validation testing, TOMTEC
   believes that the proposed TOMTEC-ARENA (TTA2.40) is substantially equivalent to the
    legally marketed predicate device(s).


 TOMTEC Imaging Systems GmbH                                                              Page 11 of 11
  Confidential