See-Mode Technologies Pte. Ltd.                                   September 16, 2020
℅ Mr. Alan Donald
President
Matrix Medical Consulting, Inc.
8880 Rio San Diego Drive, Suite 800
SAN DIEGO CA 92108

Re: K201369
    Trade/Device Name: AVA (Augmented Vascular Analysis)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: August 17, 2020
    Received: August 19, 2020

Dear Mr. Donald:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or post-marketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reporting-

K201369 – Mr. Alan Donald                                                            Page 2


combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K201369
Device Name
AVA (Augmented Vascular Analysis)
Indications for Use (Describe)
See-Mode AVA (Augmented Vascular Analysis) is a stand-alone, image processing software for analysis, measurement,
and reporting of DICOM-compliant vascular ultrasound images obtained from carotid and lower limb arteries. The
analysis includes segmentation of vessels walls and measurement of the intima-media thickness (IMT) of the carotid
artery in B-Mode images, finding velocities in Doppler images, and reading annotations on the images. The software
generates a vascular ultrasound report based on the image analysis results to be reviewed and approved by a qualified
clinician after performing quality control. The client software is designed to run on a standard desktop or laptop computer.
See-Mode AVA is intended to be used by trained medical professionals, including but not limited to physicians and
medical technicians. The software is not intended to be used as an independent source of medical advice, or to determine
or recommend a course of action or treatment for patients.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K201369


TRADITIONAL 510K
AVA (Augmented Vascular Analysis)


    SECTION 5  510(k) Summary

     This "510(k) Summary" was prepared per section 807.92(c).

    ADMINISTRATIVE INFORMATION

          Date of Preparation: September 14, 2020
          Prepared by:       Sadaf Monajemi, PhD. Cofounder and Director
          Manufacturer:     See-Mode Technologies Pte. Ltd.
                          32 Carpenter Street #03-01
                              Singapore 059911
                         SINGAPORE
                                Email: sadaf@see-mode.com
                                   Tel: +61 415 952 782
                          www.see-mode.com

             Official Contact:    Dr. Sadaf Monajemi, PhD, Cofounder and Director
                           See-Mode Technologies
                          32 Carpenter Street #03-01
                              Singapore 059911
                         SINGAPORE
                                Email: sadaf@see-mode.com
                          www.see-mode.com

    DEVICE NAME AND CLASSIFICATION

          Trade/Proprietary Name: AVA (Augmented Vascular Analysis)
        Common Name: Picture archiving and communications system
          Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
          Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
            Classification Name: System, Image Processing, Radiological
         Review Panel: Radiology
          Regulatory Class: Class II
          Product Code: LLZ

    INTENDED USE

     Analysis and reporting of vascular ultrasound images.


                                                                                                                         Page 1

TRADITIONAL 510K
AVA (Augmented Vascular Analysis)

    INDICATIONS FOR USE

    See-Mode AVA (Augmented Vascular Analysis) is a stand-alone, image processing software
     for analysis, measurement, and reporting of DICOM-compliant vascular ultrasound images
     obtained from carotid and lower limb arteries. The analysis includes segmentation of
     vessels walls and measurement of the intima-media thickness (IMT) of the carotid artery in
    B-Mode images, finding velocities in Doppler images, and reading annotations on the
     images. The software generates a vascular ultrasound report based on the image analysis
     results to be reviewed and approved by a qualified clinician after performing quality
     control. The client software is designed to run on a standard desktop or laptop computer.
    See-Mode AVA is intended to be used by trained medical professionals, including but not
     limited to physicians and medical technicians. The software is not intended to be used as an
     independent source of medical advice, or to determine or recommend a course of action or
     treatment for patients.

    DEVICE DESCRIPTION

    See-Mode AVA (Augmented Vascular Analysis) is a standalone software for analysis and
     reporting  of vascular ultrasound images. There  is no dedicated medical equipment
     required for operation of this software except for an ultrasound machine that is the source
     of image acquisition. The software runs on a standard off-the-shelf computer and is
     accessible within a web browser.
    See-Mode AVA takes as input DICOM-compliant vascular ultrasound images. The software
     uses proprietary algorithms for image analysis, including segmentation of vessel walls and
    measurement of the intima-media thickness (IMT) of the carotid artery in B-Mode images
    and finding peak systolic and end diastolic velocities (PSV and EDV) from Doppler images.
    The software generates a vascular ultrasound report based on the image analysis results to
    be reviewed and approved by a qualified clinician after performing quality control. Any
     information within this report must be fully reviewed and approved by a qualified clinician
     before the vascular ultrasound report is finalized.
    See-Mode AVA  is not intended to be used as an independent source of analysis and
     reporting vascular ultrasound images. Any information provided by the software has to be
     reviewed by a qualified clinician (including sonographers, radiologists, neurologists, and
     cardiologists) and can be modified to correct any possible mistakes. The software provides
     multiple methods for performing quality control and modification of image analysis results.
    When the vascular ultrasound report is finalized by a qualified clinician, See-Mode AVA
     exports the report. This report can be used adjunctly with other medical data by a
     physician to help in the assessment of the cardiovascular health of the patient.


                                                                                                                         Page 2

TRADITIONAL 510K
AVA (Augmented Vascular Analysis)

    SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE

         1. Predicate Device

           Manufacturer: AtheroPoint LLC
          Trade Name: AtheroEdge
          510(k) Identifier: K122022
          Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
          Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
            Classification Name: System, Image Processing, Radiological
         Review Panel: Radiology
          Regulatory Class: Class II
          Product Code: LLZ
          Date Cleared: September 26, 2012

         2. Tabular Comparison of Features and Specifications of the AVA Device and
           Predicate Device


                                  Subject Device                    Predicate Device       Notes

    Manufacturer    See-Mode Technologies Pte. Ltd.            Atheropoint LLC

                    See-Mode AVA (Augmented Vascular
    Product name                                          AtheroEdge
                        Analysis)

   510(k) number    Via this submission                   K122022

                                                                    Class II - 90 LLZ
     Classification     Class II - 90 LLZ 892.2050/LLZ                                   Same
                                                          892.2050/LLZ

                                                                            Same
                       Analysis and reporting of vascular          Analysis and reporting of     Intended Use
                      ultrasound images                         vascular ultrasound images


                    See-Mode AVA (Augmented Vascular      The AtheroEdgeTM                                                                                          Nearly the
                        Analysis) is a stand-alone, image           software is a                                                                                        same. See
  Indications for Use  processing software for analysis,          Windows-based application   discussion
                     measurement, and reporting of           program used on a personal                                                                                           below.
                     DICOM-compliant vascular ultrasound      computer for an automatic
                     images obtained from carotid and lower    measurement of the


                                                                                                                         Page 3

TRADITIONAL 510K
AVA (Augmented Vascular Analysis)

                      limb arteries. The analysis includes         Intima-Media Thickness
                      segmentation of vessels walls and          (IMT) of the carotid artery
                    measurement of the intima-media         from images obtained from
                       thickness (IMT) of the carotid artery in      ultrasound systems.
                   B-Mode images, finding velocities in
                     Doppler images, and reading annotations
                   on the images. The software generates a
                       vascular ultrasound report based on the
                    image analysis results to be reviewed and
                     approved by a qualified clinician after
                      performing quality control. The client
                      software is designed to run on a standard
                     desktop or laptop computer.
                    See-Mode AVA is intended to be used by
                        trained medical professionals, including
                      but not limited to physicians and medical
                         technicians. The software is not intended
                        to be used as an independent source of
                      medical  advice,  or  to  determine  or
                  recommend  a  course  of  action  or
                      treatment for patients.


    Image Source    Ultrasound images                       Ultrasound images         Same

      Rx only?       Yes                                    Yes                    Same

                                                                                          Nearly the
                   The software runs on a standard            Stand-alone application                                                                                       same. See
      Operating       “off-the-shelf” computer and can be        program for use on a                                                                                               discussion
      Platform       accessed within the software client web     personal computer with                                                                                           below.
                      browser.                                  Microsoft Windows.

                                                       DICOM, JPEG and Windows
    Image Format   DICOM                                                   Same
                                             BMP
  Image storage and
                     Yes                                    Yes                    Same
  report generation
      Automatic                                                                          Same
       distance
   measurement of
                     Yes                                    Yes
  the Intima- Media
     thickness of
    carotid artery


                                                                                                                         Page 4

TRADITIONAL 510K
AVA (Augmented Vascular Analysis)

       Image
                    JPEG Loss-less                         JPEG Loss-less            Same
    Compression
                                                        As the device is prescription
                    As the device is prescription only, the                            Same
                                                                       only, the target population of
                         target population of the device is anyone
                                                                the device is anyone in the
   Target Population   in the general population that receives
                                                                general population that
                       the relevant carotid or lower limb artery
                                                                  receives the relevant carotid
                      ultrasound scan
                                                               ultrasound scan


         3. Discussion of Similarities and Differences and Explanation of Differences

            Similarities:

          Both devices have the same intended use and are indicated for the same use --
           providing a software based user’s interface to view, process, and analyze carotid
           ultrasound images. Both devices use algorithms to segment and measure intima
          media thickness, and can store the results and generate reports.

          The predicate device was cleared based on non-clinical supportive information,
              clinical images and data. Comparative  non-clinical test results demonstrate that
          See-Mode AVA performs at least equivalently to the predicate device. Acceptance
             criteria and verification and validation data demonstrate that the device performs
           per its specifications and indications for use.


          The comparison of technological characteristics, non-clinical performance data,
              clinical images, and software validation data demonstrate that See-Mode AVA is as
              safe, and  effective when compared to the predicate device that  is currently
          marketed for the same intended use and indications for use.


           Differences:

             1.    Image processing algorithm:

          The predicate device was designed using technology that was available a few years
            ago,  [i.e., software programming using traditional image processing algorithms


                                                                                                                         Page 5

TRADITIONAL 510K
AVA (Augmented Vascular Analysis)

           (such as edge tracking and gradient based algorithms)]. See references cited below
             for the predicate device1, 2.

          With the advancements in the field of artificial intelligence and machine learning,
          See-Mode AVA incorporates a logical update to use artificial intelligence for image
             analysis. Machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI) have been proven as an
              efficient and accurate method for analyzing medical images and is used among a
          wide range of legally marketed medical devices. See-Mode AVA benefits from the
            established machine learning methods to analyze ultrasound images and represents
          an improved technology that provides a clinically meaningful advantage over the
             legally marketed predicate device. See-Mode has conducted an Analytical Study to
            substantiate this claim (see Performance Data below).

             2.    Operating platform:

          The predicate device  is designed to be installed on a personal computer with
            Microsoft Windows.

          See-Mode AVA benefits from the advancements of cloud computing and  is a
           software program running on a cloud platform and can be accessed using multiple
            platforms, including Windows.

           Although the Predicate device slightly differs from the Subject device with regards
            to the operating platform, there are several examples of FDA cleared medical
            devices that use cloud platforms for medical image analysis (examples: Aidoc
            Briefcase Software - 510(k) Number K180647, CardioLogs ECG Analysis Platform -
           510(k) Number K170568, Arterys Cardio DL - 510(k) Number K163253). Based on
               this, and in combination with identification of hazards and appropriate risk controls
            related to this difference, we conclude that this difference in technology platform
           has no adverse impact on the safety or efficacy of the Subject device. Additionally,
           the fact that all users are utilizing the same (e.g., latest version) of the AVA software
               is considered to be an improvement to both safety and efficacy when compared to
           the predicate device.

             3.    Analyzing lower limb ultrasound images:


        1 "Completely Automated Multiresolution Edge Snapper—A New ...."
      https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/iel5/83/6151934/06026248.pdf.2      "Automated high-performance cIMT measurement techniques using ...."
      https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22255864.


                                                                                                                         Page 6

TRADITIONAL 510K
AVA (Augmented Vascular Analysis)

          See-Mode AVA can be used for analysis and reporting of lower limb ultrasound
            scans. Using the text recognition and the signal processing algorithm, the software
           can read doppler velocities and annotations from the images, detect the waveform
             type, populate them in the report and generate qualitative drawings of the stenosis
             in lower limb arteries based on doppler velocity ratios.

   PERFORMANCE DATA

     Safety and performance of the subject device has been evaluated, verified and validated
     according to the software specifications and applicable performance standards. See-Mode
     Technologies has performed software verification and validation testing for the subject
     device according to the FDA’s guidance document “Guidance for the Content of Premarket
     Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”, as well as “IEC 62304:2006/AC:
    2015 - Medical Device Software - Software Lifecycle Processes”.

    The performance of the device has been evaluated on a retrospective dataset from multiple
     centers. A summary of the performance data is provided below:

      ●  Performance of the segmentation of B-mode carotid ultrasound images and
         measurement of intima-media thickness (IMT): The performance of the neural
          network was evaluated on a retrospective dataset of 205 longitudinal B-mode
            carotid images that were obtained using commercially available ultrasound systems
           using commercial linear transducers (including a 12-3 MHz linear transducer, and a
           12-5 MHz linear transducer). The performance of the subject device was compared
            against 2 expert readers’ measurements and the reported performance of the
            predicate device.  It was observed that the results of the algorithm is strongly
            correlated with experts’ annotations with IMT correlation coefficient of 0.89 with
           the average of two experts, while the IMT correlation coefficient between the two
           experts was 0.86.  It was also observed that the results of the subject device
           outperforms the reported results of the predicate device with reported correlation
             coefficient of 0.6.

      ●  Performance of the text recognition algorithm for reading annotations from
           the images: The performance of the text recognition algorithm was evaluated on a
            retrospective  vascular  ultrasound  dataset. The  performance was measured
            separately for reading different types of annotations (such as reading the vessel
         names or doppler velocities) with different number of test images varying from 783
            to 1432 images. The text recognition algorithm had a high accuracy in reading
             different types of annotation varying from 92% to 96%.

      ●  Performance  of  the  signal processing algorithm  for analysing doppler


                                                                                                                         Page 7

TRADITIONAL 510K
AVA (Augmented Vascular Analysis)

           waveforms: The performance of the signal processing algorithm for reading peak
             systolic velocity (PSV) and end diastolic velocity (EDV) was evaluated against the
           annotations (i.e. PSV and EDV values) on the images annotated by clinicians at the
           time of image acquisition. The comparison was done on a dataset of 1117 images
          where each image contains one EDV and one PSV value annotated on the image.
            Correlation  coefficient and  Bland-Altman  plots were  used  to  evaluate  the
          performance of the signal processing algorithm. Correlation coefficient of 0.98 and
           0.97 was obtained for reading PSV and EDV respectively.

      ●  Performance of the waveform type classifier on lower limb doppler images:
          The performance of the doppler waveform type classifier (monophasic, biphasic, or
             triphasic) on lower limb images was evaluated on a collection of 150 images that
           represents the breadth of the use cases observed in the clinical field for classifying
           the waveform type in lower limb arteries. The performance was evaluated against
           the annotations (i.e. waveform type) by expert readers. It was observed that the
           algorithm was in strong agreement with the expert annotations with a 93% overall
           accuracy in detecting the waveform type.


    Based on the performance data  as well as the Verification and Validation Results,
    See-Mode Technologies believes that the subject device is substantially equivalent to the
     predicate and outperforms regarding the segmentation of B-mode carotid ultrasound
    images and measurement of intima-media thickness (IMT).

     See-mode’s risk analysis for AVA was completed, with the hazard risk analysis submitted as
     part of this application. All the risks identified with the subject device are acceptable and
    have been reduced as far as possible, in accordance with ISO 14971:2007 Medical devices -
     Application of risk management to medical devices.

    The proposed medical device is considered as a Moderate Level of Concern following FDA
     Guidance document “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software
     Contained in Medical Devices” and the required software documentation per FDA’s
     guidance have been provided as part of the submission.

    Conclusions

     In terms of user safety, similar devices have been utilized for many years with an excellent
     record of safety. The software technologies are the same as those in the predicate device
    and other legally marketed devices, and they are used for similar applications in similar
     manners. There are no new additional safety concerns raised by these technologies.


                                                                                                                         Page 8

TRADITIONAL 510K
AVA (Augmented Vascular Analysis)

    Performance of the segmentation of B-mode carotid ultrasound images and measurement
     of intima-media thickness (IMT) outperformed the predicate device. The text recognition
     algorithm for reading annotations of images, the signal processing algorithm for analysing
     doppler waveforms and the waveform type classifier on lower limb doppler images were
       all strongly correlated with the expert readers’ annotations.. The high degree of reliability
     in performance showcases the safety and efficacy of See-Mode’s AVA. Furthermore, risks
     identified during the risk management process have been mitigated as far as possible and
       all residuals risks have been deemed acceptable.

    The predicate device was cleared based on non-clinical supportive information. Similar
     non-clinical and the analytical study highlighted, shows that AVA’s acceptance criteria are
     adequate  for  the  intended use  of  the  device.   The comparison  of  technological
      characteristics, indications for use, non-clinical performance data, software verification and
      validation, and risk analysis demonstrates that the subject device is safe and effective and
      is substantially equivalent to the predicate device that has the same intended use.


                                                                                                                         Page 9