MaxQ Al Ltd.                                                   August 7, 2020
℅ Joshua Schulman, Ph.D.
Vice President, Clinical, Regulatory and Quality Affairs
96 Yigal Alon Street, 1st Floor
Tel Aviv, 6789140
ISRAEL

Re: K201310
    Trade/Device Name: Accipiolx
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: May 15, 2020
    Received: May 15, 2020

Dear Dr. Schulman:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K201310 - Joshua Schulman, Ph.D.                                                       Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                       Food and Drug Administration                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                                                                   See PRA Statement below                 Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K201310
Device Name

AccipioIx
Indications for Use (Describe)


AccipioIx is a software workflow tool designed to aid in prioritizing the clinical assessment of adult non-contrast head
CT cases with features suggestive of acute intracranial hemorrhage in the acute care environment. AccipioIx
analyzes cases using an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify suspected findings. It makes case-level output
available to a PACS/workstation for worklist prioritization or triage.

AccipioIx is not intended to direct attention to specific portions of an image or to anomalies other than acute
intracranial hemorrhage. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making
nor is it intended to rule out hemorrhage or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CT cases.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
             x Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)        ☐Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including
          the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and
         complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
          other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human
                                           Services Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


                                             50

\\DC - 708252/000300 - 10629489 v12                                                                             049

K201310


                                                    510(k) SUMMARY
                                   MaxQ AI’s AccipioIx

            Submitter
          MaxQ AI Ltd.
            96 Yigal Alon Street,
              Tel Aviv, Israel 6789140
                Tel: +1-617-765-0333
             Contact Person: Josh Schulman, Ph.D.

            Date Prepared: May 15, 2020

         Name of Device: AccipioIx

         Common or Usual Name/ Classification Name:

              Radiological Computer-Assisted Triage and Notification Software

            Regulatory Class: Class II

            Regulatory Classification and Product Code: 21 C.F.R. § 892.2080; QAS

             Predicate Device: AccipioIx, K182177, Manufactured by MaxQ AI

            Device Description

              AccipioIx is a software device designed to be installed within healthcare facility radiology networks to
                identify and  prioritize non-contrast head CT (NCCT) scans based on  algorithmically-identified
               findings  of  acute  intracranial hemorrhage  (aICH). The  device, which  utilizes deep  learning
              technologies, facilitates prioritization of CT scans containing findings of aICH. AccipioIx receives CT
            scans identified by the Accipio Agent or other compatible Medical Image Communications Device
             (MICD), processes them using algorithmic methods involving execution of multiple computational
             steps to identify suspected presence of aICH, and generates a results file to be transferred by the
              Accipio Agent or a similar MICD device for output to a PACS system or workstation for worklist
                 prioritization.

              AccipioIx works in parallel to and in conjunction with the standard care of workflow. After a CT scan
            has been performed, a copy of the study is automatically retrieved and processed by AccipioIx. The
             device performs identification and classification of objects consistent with aICH, and provides a
              case-level indicator which facilitates prioritization of cases with potential acute hemorrhagic findings
                for urgent review.

            Intended Use / Indications for Use

              AccipioIx is a software workflow tool designed to aid in prioritizing the clinical assessment of adult
              non-contrast head CT cases with features suggestive of acute intracranial hemorrhage in the acute
             care environment. AccipioIx analyzes cases using an  artificial intelligence algorithm to identify

                                                   52


\\DC - 708252/000300 - 10629489 v12
                                                                                                    051

suspected  findings.  It makes  case-level output  available  to a PACS/workstation  for  worklist
                 prioritization or triage.
              AccipioIx is not intended to direct attention to specific portions of an image or to anomalies other
             than acute intracranial hemorrhage. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis
                for clinical decision-making nor is it intended to rule out hemorrhage or otherwise preclude clinical
            assessment of CT cases.

          Summary of Technological Characteristics

           The technological characteristics and principles of operation of the subject AccipioIx device are
               substantially equivalent to the predicate device, AccipioIx (K182177). The subject AccipioIx and its
              predicate are DICOM-compliant software devices incorporated into the radiology infrastructure of a
                 clinical center. Both employ algorithms developed through artificial intelligence methodologies to
             analyze head CT images received from a CT scanner.

           The subject AccipioIx, like its predicate device, was developed using a training set containing CT
            cases collected from multiple institutions and CT manufacturers. This training process included pilot
             development,  optimization  of  object  and  feature   identification,  algorithmic   training  and
               selection/optimization of thresholds above which cases are considered positive.

           The subject device and the predicate device also have highly similar principles of operation: the
              software analyzes CT images and prioritizes cases for physician review when there is suspected
             aICH. In both the predicate and subject devices, the algorithm identifies applicable CT cases based
            on image parameters. In both devices, skull stripping and registration steps are performed, the
              relevant tissues are identified and segmented, and a feature identification process, which includes
            measures of hyperdensity compared to a pre-defined threshold, is performed. Findings above this
              threshold cause the software device to generate a case-level identifier which is used for prioritization
                of cases based on a suspected cerebrovascular finding. The system output is used for prioritization
               within radiological workflow and viewing systems. In both cases, the procedure is performed in
                parallel to and in conjunction with the standard processing of image and their availability for clinician
             assessment.

           The algorithmic functionality of AccipioIx is substantially equivalent in all aspects to that of the
              predicate device and differs only with respect to the segmentation method used and inclusion of
               additional algorithmic features for enhanced detection of aICH. These improvement changes do not
                 alter the safety and efficacy profile of the device.

           The subject AccipioIx and the predicate device have the same intended use and indications for use.
             Both devices are assistive software  tools, designed to analyze head CT images  for findings
             suggestive of a pre-specified clinical condition -- specifically, aICH. Both the subject and predicate
             devices support the rapid assessment of aICH. For these reasons, the subject device is substantially
              equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                   53


\\DC - 708252/000300 - 10629489 v12
                                                                                                    052

A summary table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.
                                           Subject Device:                    Predicate Device:
                                MaxQ AI AccipioIx             MaxQ AI AccipioIx
                                                                               (K182177)
Intended Use /
Indications for Use                   AccipioIx is a software workflow      AccipioIx is a software workflow
                                           tool designed to aid in prioritizing      tool designed to aid in prioritizing
                                     the clinical assessment of adult       the clinical assessment of adult
                                     non-contrast head CT cases with     non-contrast head CT cases with
                                      features suggestive of acute          features suggestive of acute
                                          intracranial hemorrhage in the         intracranial hemorrhage in the
                                   acute care environment. AccipioIx    acute care environment. AccipioIx
                                   analyzes cases using an artificial     analyzes cases using an artificial
                                         intelligence algorithm to identify       intelligence algorithm to identify
                                  suspected findings. It makes case-   suspected findings. It makes caselevel output available to a              level output available to a
                                  PACS/workstation for worklist       PACS/workstation for worklist
                                            prioritization or triage.                   prioritization or triage.
                                      AccipioIx is not intended to direct     AccipioIx is not intended to direct
                                        attention to specific portions of an     attention to specific portions of an
                               image or to anomalies other than    image or to anomalies other than
                                   acute intracranial hemorrhage. Its    acute intracranial hemorrhage. Its
                                        results are not intended to be used    results are not intended to be used
                               on a stand- alone basis for clinical   on a stand- alone basis for clinical
                                   decision-making nor is it intended    decision-making nor is it intended
                                         to rule out hemorrhage or             to rule out hemorrhage or
                                    otherwise preclude clinical           otherwise preclude clinical
                                assessment of CT cases.           assessment of CT cases.

Population                          Adult patients (21 years of age and   Adult patients (21 years of age and
                                        older) indicated for head CT           older) indicated for head CT
Notification-only, parallel workflow  Yes                           Yes
tool
Intended users                      Hospital networks and trained        Hospital networks and trained
                                         clinicians                                clinicians
Setting                           Acute care                        Acute care
Identify patients with a pre-        Yes                           Yes
specified clinical condition
Clinical condition                  Cerebrovascular Event:             Cerebrovascular Event:
                                         Intracranial hemorrhage               Intracranial hemorrhage
Alert to finding                    Yes; flagged for review              Yes; flagged for review
Independent of standard of care     Yes; No cases are removed from     Yes; No cases are removed from
workflow                              worklist                                worklist
Modality                          Non-Contrast head CT              Non-Contrast head CT
Artificial Intelligence algorithm     Yes                           Yes
Software segmentation method    CNN-based segmentation           Machine-vision based segmentation
Case level assessment of clinical   Yes – case-level assessment is     Yes – case-level assessment is
condition probability                derived both from detection of        derived from detection of individual
                                        individual aICH findings and        aICH findings
                                      algorithmic assessment of the full
                                   case.

                                            54


         \\DC - 708252/000300 - 10629489 v12

                                                                                            053

Limited to analysis of imaging data  Yes                           Yes
Non-Diagnostic DICOM Preview    No                        No
Aids prompt identification and     Yes                           Yes
prioritization of cases with
indicated findings
Medical systems/devices used in    1. Device is used with CT systems    1. Device is used with CT systems
conjunction with the device           for DICOM input and with PACS       for DICOM input and with PACS
                                  systems, which may present/use     systems, which may present/use
                                    the data.                            the data.
                                         2. Device is used with Medical         2. Device is used with Medical
                              Image Communications Devices     Image Communications Devices
                                 (MICDs), such as the Accipio        (MICDs), such as the Accipio
                                   Agent, to receive native CT          Agent, to receive native CT
                               images for processing and to        images for processing and to
                                  generate visual results              generate visual results
Output                          Suspected hemorrhage /           Suspected hemorrhage /
                          No suspected hemorrhage        No suspected hemorrhage
Systems where results are       PACS / Workstation            PACS / Workstation
displayed
Performance results                   Sensitivity- 97%                        Sensitivity - 92%
                             (95% CI: 92.8% - 98.8%)          (95% CI: 87.29 - 95.68%)
                                          Specificity- 93%                        Specificity - 86%
                             (95% Cl: 88.6% - 96.6%)          (95% CI: 80.18 - 90.81%)
                                  Processing time – 1.17 minutes      Processing time – 4.1 minutes
                             (95% Cl: 1.16 – 1.18 minutes)      (95% CI: 3.8 - 4.3 minutes)

    Performance Testing

     Performance testing was conducted using the same approach as that used for the predicate device.
    MaxQ AI conducted a retrospective study to test the clinical performance of AccipioIx in processing
     non-contrast head CT cases with a high or low probability of ICH. Performance of the device was
     analyzed based on validation testing results that were compared to the predefined performance
      goals.

       •   Analysis  of 360 newly  tested cases  collected from  multiple  sites across 17 US  states
        demonstrated device Sensitivity and Specificity of 97% (95% CI: 92.8% - 98.8%) and 93% (95%
          Cl: 88.6% - 96.6%), respectively.

       •   Sensitivity for intra-axial and extra-axial hemorrhages was 100% (95% Cl: 96.6% - 100%) and
      92% (95% Cl: 82.7% - 96.9%), respectively. Although the Sensitivity observed in the extra-axial
        subgroup was lower compared to the intra-axial subgroup, the result was  still notably high,
         considering the fact that extra-axial hemorrhages are known to be more difficult for accurate
        assessment among radiologists.

       •  The average per-case processing time (confirmatory secondary endpoint) was 1.17 minutes
       (95% Cl: 1.16 – 1.18 minutes), demonstrating that when using the subject AccipioIx for aICH
           prioritization, the intended users will have improved benefit in time saving compared to the
         predicate device.


                                            55


         \\DC - 708252/000300 - 10629489 v12

                                                                                            054

•   Analysis of additional accuracy parameters, tested as secondary endpoints, demonstrated NPV
   and PPV of 99.8% (95% Cl: 99.7% - 100%) and 43.3% (95% Cl: 25.9% - 53%), respectively. The
    very high NPV result reflects relatively very low probability of false positive results given by
    AccipioIx.

These results exceeded the predefined performance goals and demonstrated improved clinical
performance, which is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

Based on the software testing and clinical performance, AccipioIx has a safety and effectiveness
profile that is substantially equivalent to the predicate device for the proposed indications for use.

Conclusion

The AccipioIx device is as safe and effective as  its predicate device. AccipioIx has the same
intended use and indications for use, very similar technological characteristics and principles of
operation as its predicate device. The minor differences do not alter the intended prioritization and
triage use of the device and do not affect its safety and effectiveness when used as labeled, and
also do not  raise any new  or  different questions  of safety or effectiveness.  Clinical  testing
demonstrates an improved performance profile and supports the intended software function. Thus,
the subject AccipioIx is substantially equivalent to the predicate AccipioIx (K182177).


                                       56


\\DC - 708252/000300 - 10629489 v12

                                                                                        055