Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                        May 14, 2020
℅ Tabitha Estes
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
810 Innovation Drive
KNOXVILLE TN 37932

Re: K201034
    Trade/Device Name: Syngo.CT CaScoring
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed tomography x-ray system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: April 17, 2020
    Received: April 20, 2020

Dear Tabitha Estes:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K201034 - Tabitha Estes                                                                Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K201034
Device Name
syngo.CT CaScoring
Indications for Use (Describe)
syngo.CT CaScoring is an image analysis software package for evaluating CT data sets.
The software is designed to support the physician in evaluating and documenting calcified coronary lesions, using
standard or low-dose spiral or sequential CT scanning data sets. After loading noncontrasted cardiac CT images,
syngo.CT CaScoring can be used to mark calcified coronary lesions and to allocate each lesion to one of several coronary
arteries, that is, the right coronary artery (RCA), the left main coronary artery (LM), the left anterior descending artery
(LAD), and the left circumflex artery (CX).
syngo.CT CaScoring calculates the Agatston equivalent score, the mass score and the volume score of each coronary
artery as well as the corresponding total scores across all coronary arteries. syngo.CT CaScoring allows the user to create
a paper report including the calcium scoring data, any user-documented images, cited literature and additional relevant
information.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF
27 of 82

K201034                                                                  Special 510(k): syngo.CT CaScoring VB50


                    510(k) Summary

I.    Identification of the Submitter
Importer/Distributor
Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
40 Liberty Boulevard
Malvern, PA 19355
Establishment Registration Number
2240869

Manufacturing Site
Siemens Healthcare GmbH
Siemensstr 1
D-91301 Forchheim, Germany

Establishment Registration Number
3004977335

Submitter Contact Person:
Tabitha Estes
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
Siemens Medical Solutions, Inc. USA
810 Innovation Drive
Knoxville, TN 37932
Phone: (865) 804-4553
Email: tabitha.estes@siemens-healthineers.com

Alternate Contact:
Alaine Medio

II.   Device Name and Classification
Product Name:         syngo.CT CaScoring
Propriety Trade Name:  syngo.CT CaScoring
Classification Name:    Computed Tomography X-ray System
Classification Panel:    Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.1750
Device Class:           Class II
Product Code:         90 JAK

III.  Predicate Device
Trade Name:          syngo.CT CaScoring
510(k) Number:       K192763
Clearance Date:         12/17/2019
Classification Name:    Computed Tomography X-ray System
Classification Panel:    Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.1750


                                                                                               28 of 82

Special 510(k): syngo.CT CaScoring VB50


Device Class:           Class II
Product Code:         90 JAK

IV.  Device Description
The post-processing application syngo.CT CaScoring SOMARIS/8 VB50 is designed to support the
physician in evaluating and documenting calcified coronary lesions. After loading non-contrasted
cardiac CT images, syngo.CT CaScoring can be used to interactively mark calcified coronary lesions
and to allocate each lesion to one of several coronary arteries, that is, the right coronary artery (RCA),
the left main coronary artery (LM), the left anterior descending artery (LAD), and the left circumflex
artery (CX). syngo.CT CaScoring calculates the Agatston-equivalent score, the mass score and the
volume score of each coronary artery as well as the corresponding total scores across all coronary
arteries. syngo.CT CaScoring allows the user to create a paper report including the calcium scoring
data, any user-documented images, cited literature and additional relevant information.
For the current software version SOMARIS/8 VB50 one major and one minor change have been
implemented:

    •   Since the last 510(k) clearance of the predicate device (syngo.CT Calcium Scoring
      SOMARIS/8 VB40, K192763, clearance date 12/17/2019) the algorithm to precompute the
       calcium score has been enhanced and extended. In the subject device, the CaScoring algorithm
      was extended to label coronary calcifications as belonging to either the left main, left anterior
        descending, left circumflex or right coronary artery.
    •   This version contains UI (user-interface) modifications.


V.   Indications for Use
syngo.CT CaScoring is an image analysis software package for evaluating CT data sets.
The software is designed to support the physician in evaluating and documenting calcified coronary
lesions, using standard or low-dose spiral or sequential CT scanning data sets. After loading
noncontrasted cardiac CT images, syngo.CT CaScoring can be used to mark calcified coronary lesions
and to allocate each lesion to one of several coronary arteries, that is, the right coronary artery (RCA),
the left main coronary artery (LM), the left anterior descending artery (LAD), and the left circumflex
artery (CX).
syngo.CT CaScoring calculates the Agatston equivalent score, the mass score and the volume score of
each coronary artery as well as the corresponding total scores across all coronary arteries. syngo.CT
CaScoring allows the user to create a paper report including the calcium scoring data, any userdocumented images, cited literature and additional relevant information.


                                                                                               29 of 82

Special 510(k): syngo.CT CaScoring VB50


VI.  Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device
The differences and similarities between the above referenced predicate device are listed at a highlevel in the following table:

 Feature                         Subject Device                      Predicate Devices
                               syngo.CT CaScoring                syngo.CT CaScoring
                            (SOMARIS/8 VB50)              (SOMARIS/8 VB40)
 Modality                  CT                       CT
 Loading of a series of            Yes                            Yes
 appropriate CT from the patient
 database
 Body Part                        Heart / Chest                        Heart / Chest
 Acquisition Part                ECG-gated / ECG-triggered          ECG-gated / ECG-triggered
 Automated Calcium Scoring       Assignment of a probability of a      Assignment of a probability of a candidate
 Evaluation                        candidate being a coronary            being a coronary calcification based on
                                         calcification based on location          location within the heart, density, shape and
                                    within the heart, density, shape and     similar properties: if the probability of a
                                       similar properties: if the probability    candidate is higher than a predefined
                                     of a candidate is higher than a          threshold, the candidate is labelled as a
                                    predefined threshold, the candidate     calcification.
                                              is labelled as a calcification.           In addition, results of the evaluation can be
                               Each calcification is labeled            sent via Rapid Results Technology any
                                   according to one of four coronary      generic DICOM viewer.
                                          arteries it most probably belongs to.
                                     In addition, results of the evaluation
                                  can be sent via Rapid Results
                                Technology to any generic DICOM
                                    viewer.

                             Comparison to the predicate
                                    device:
                              The first part of the automatic
                                Calcium Scoring algorithm works in
                                      the same manner as cleared with the
                                      predicate device. From functional
                                     perspective there are no differences.

                              The second part (labeling of
                                        calcifications according to coronary
                                        artery) is new in the subject device.
 Browsing, selecting, and          Yes                            Yes
 displaying images for searching
 calcium regions/lesions
  Interactive definition of ROIs and   Yes                            Yes
 assignment of the four major
 coronary arteries (LM, LAD,CRC
 and RCA) to the lesions
 Automatic definition of ROIs and   Yes                            Yes
 assignment of a generic calcium
 label to the lesions
 Calculation and display of the      Agatston, volume and mass scores     Agatston, volume and mass scores
 2D-Agatston score/factor or
 other metric on the defined ROIs
  Interactive definition of ROIs (for   Yes                            Yes
 example noise) to disqualify the
 region from participation in the
 score


                                                                                               30 of 82

Special 510(k): syngo.CT CaScoring VB50


 Feature                         Subject Device                      Predicate Devices
                               syngo.CT CaScoring                syngo.CT CaScoring
                            (SOMARIS/8 VB50)              (SOMARIS/8 VB40)
 Displaying the score in form of     Yes                            Yes
  result tables/reports on paper
 and/or film
 Pan and Zoom                 Yes                            Yes
 functionality/windowing
 Reformatting                  Yes                            Yes
 Comparison of Score to Cited      Yes                            Yes
 Literature (including calculation
  of coronary age)
 User Interface                     syngo.via GUI                        syngo.via GUI
                               As part of a platform-wide change in this
                                        software version, the user interface of
                                   syngo.CT CaScoring was adapted to
                                        follow the new user interface style
                                        introduced in SOMARIS/8 VB50.
 Archiving/Storing              CD-R, film, DVD, USB, Network     CD-R, film, DVD, USB, Network
 Hardware                   As specified by syngo.via          As specified by syngo.via
 Communication             DICOM compatible            DICOM compatible


The subject device syngo.CT CaScoring does not have changes in fundamental scientific technology
compared to the predicate device. The post-processing software functionality remains unchanged from
the subject device and the predicate device. The operating principle and the scientific technology are
the same; therefore, Siemens believes that syngo.CT CaScoring application is substantially equivalent
to the predicate device. The major change in this software version is that the Automated Calcium
Scoring Evaluation algorithm has been extended to label calcifications according to coronary artery.
VII. Performance Data
The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence
determination.
Non-Clinical Testing
This submission contains performance tests (Non-clincal test reports) to demonstrate continued
conformance with special controls for medical devices containing software. Non-clinical tests
(integration and functional) were conducted for syngo.CT CaScoring during product development.
These tests have been performed to test the ability of the included features of the subject device. The
results of these tests demonstrate that the subject device performs as intended. The result of all
conducted testing was found acceptable to support the claim of substantial equivalence.
Performance Evaluation of the Algorithm
Since the automatic scoring algorithm was retrained on re-annotated data as part of the vessel
assignment extension, a complete performance evaluation (bench test and reader study) of the
algorithm has been conducted additionally. The algorithm was successfully executed on all testing
datasets. No data has been excluded from the analysis. The summary of the bench test is that an
adequate and acceptable performance of the automatic scoring algorithm was found for the total
Agatston-equivalent score and the classification into the corresponding Agatston score categories,
which are the aspects of calcium scoring that have a well-established impact on management
recommendations. All pre-specified acceptability criteria were passed.


                                                                                               31 of 82

Special 510(k): syngo.CT CaScoring VB50


The conclusion of the ready study is that all prespecified acceptability thresholds were met by the
results of this study. The reader study population is from a single center and a single, modern scanner.
The overall statistics on the performance of the automatic scoring algorithm demonstrate a good
comparability with the bench test population, which is considerably more diverse. There is less but
still significant deviation of the automatic LM scores from the consensus annotations compared to the
bench test. The overall pattern is very comparable between both populations. Thus, Siemens concludes
that the results of the reader study are representative for the general performance of the algorithm. No
statistically relevant difference between the performance of the three individual readers compared to
their consensus, and the algorithm compared to the consensus was found. We conclude that the precise
assignment of calcifications in the bifurcation region between left main, left anterior descending and
left circumflex artery is a task that is similarly difficult for both human readers as well as the
automatic scoring algorithm. Combined with the limited clinical relevance of the vessel-specific
calcium scores, we therefore deem the performance of the automatic scoring algorithm in assigning
calcifications to individual vessels adequate and acceptable.
Risk Analysis
The risk analysis was completed, and risk control implemented to mitigate identified hazards. The
testing results support that all the software specifications have met the acceptance criteria. Testing for
verification and validation of the device was found acceptable to support the claims of substantial
equivalence.
Siemens hereby certifies that syngo.CT CaScoring will meet the following voluntary standards
covering electrical and mechanical safety listed below, prior to introduction into interstate commerce:

                                                                                       Standards Recognition     Product                                               Date of                                    Title of Standard                                        Development Number        Area                                                     Recognition                                                                                          Organization
                                     Digital Imaging and Communications in 12-300           Radiology                                                  06/27/2016   NEMA                               Medicine (DICOM) Set; PS 3.1 – 3.20
                               Medical Device Software –Software Life Cycle               AAMI, ANSI, 13-79            Software                                                   01/14/2019                                   Processes; 62304:2006 (1st Edition)                         IEC
                               Medical devices – Application of risk                   Software/ 5-40                        management to medical devices; 14971 Second   06/27/2016     ISO                    Informatics                                   Edition 2007-03-01
                               Medical devices - Part 1: Application of                  General I 5-114                               usability engineering to medical devices          12/23/2016     IEC               (QS/RM)                           IEC 62366-1:2015

VIII. Conclusion
syngo.CT CaScoring has the same intended use and same indication for use as the predicate device.
The technological characteristics such as evaluation and documentation of calcified coronary lesions
are the same as the predicate device. The result of all testing conducted was found acceptable to
support the claim of substantial equivalence. The comparison of technological characteristics, nonclinical performance data, and software validation demonstrates that the subject device is as safe and
effective when compared to the predicate device that is currently marketed for the same intended use.
For the subject device, syngo.CT CaScoring, Siemens used the same testing with the same workflows
as used to clear the predicate device. Siemens considers syngo.CT CaScoring to be as safe, as effective
and with performance substantially equivalent to the commercially available predicate device.


                                                                                               32 of 82