August 31, 2021

Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.
℅ Jaesang Noh
Senior Professional, Regulatory Affairs
129, Samsung-ro, Yeongtong-gu
Suwon-si, Gyeonggi-do 16677
REPUBLIC OF KOREA

Re: K201560
    Trade/Device Name: Auto Lung Nodule Detection
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2070
    Regulation Name: Medical image analyzer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MYN
    Dated: July 15, 2021
    Received: July 20, 2021

Dear Jaesang Noh:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K201560 - Jaesang Noh                                                                Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                   Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                                                                           See PRA Statementbelow.                   Indications for Use

510(k) Number (ifknown)
K201560

Device Name
Auto Lung Nodule Detection


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Auto Lung Nodule Detection is computer-aided detection software to identify and mark regions in relation to
suspected pulmonary nodules from 10 to 30 mm in size. It is designed to aid the physician to review the PA chest
radiographs of adults as a second reader and be used as part of S-Station, which is operation software installed on
Samsung Digital X-ray Imaging systems. Auto Lung Nodule Detection cannot be used on the patients who have lung
lesions other than abnormal nodules.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)        0  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                         CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                             Page  1 of 1                                                      PSC Publishing Srvics (301) 443-6740   EF

K201560

SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS Co., Ltd.
510(k) Premarket Notification - Traditional

Section 5: 510(k) Summary


This summary  of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information  is being submitted accordance with
requirements of 21 CFR 807.92


     1.  Date: August 26, 2021


     2.  Submitter
         A.  Company Name: SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS Co., Ltd.
         B.  Address:  Address:  129, Samsung-ro, Yeongtong-gu,  Suwon-si, Gyeonggi-do, 16677,
            Republic of Korea


     3.  Primary Contact Person
         A.  Name: JAESANG NOH
         B.   Title: Regulatory Affairs, Senior Professional
        C.  Phone Number: +82-2-2193-2444
        D.  FAX Number: +82-31-200-6401
         E.  E-Mail: jaesang.noh@samsung.com


     4.  Secondary Contact Person
         A.  Name: Ninad Gujar
         B.   Title: Vice President, Regulatory Affairs & Quality Control
        C.  Phone Number: 978-564-8503
        D.  FAX Number: 978-560-0602
         E.  E-Mail: ngujar@samsungneurologica.com


     5.  Proposed Device
         A.  Trade Name: Auto Lung Nodule Detection
         B.  Device Name: Auto Lung Nodule Detection
        C. Common Name: Medical image analyzer
        D.  Classification Name: Medical image analyzer
         E.  Product Code: MYN
         F.  Regulation: 21 CFR 892.2070


     6.  Predicate Device
         A.  Manufacturer: Riverain Medical Group, LLC
         B.  Trade Name: ClearRead Detect

                                         5 - 1

SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS Co., Ltd.
510(k) Premarket Notification - Traditional
        C.  Classification: Medical image analyzer
        D.  Product Code: MYN
         E.  510(k) Number or PMA Number: P000041
         F.  Decision Date: July 12, 2001
                                                      Predicate Device
               Trade Name                          ClearRead Detect
              Classification Name                      Medical image analyzer
               Product Code                      MYN
                 Regulation                          21 CFR 892.2070
             PMA#                              P000041
               Decision Date                                 July 12, 2001
        *The product code MYN has been reclassified from Class III to Class II since February 21, 2020.


     7.  Device Description
       Auto Lung Nodule Detection is a Computer-Aided Detection (CADe) device that is designed to
        perform CAD processing in Chest X-ray images for indication of locations for high nodule
         probability, which has an effective detection sizes from 10 mm to 30 mm.
       Auto Lung Nodule Detection receives images acquired with SAMSUNG Digital X-ray Imaging
       Systems as an input and identifies suspected nodules, and then sends information of suspected
        nodules to the visualization part of S-Station, which is installed on all kinds of SAMSUNG Digital
        X-ray Imaging Systems, to generate output images with circular marks. The CAD performed
        images, are displayed on the screen by S-Station without defeat of original images and used as a
       second reader only after the initial read is completed.


     8.  Intended Use
       The Auto Lung Nodule Detection is computer-aided detection software to identify and mark regions
          in relation to suspected pulmonary nodules from 10 to 30 mm in size. It is designed to aid the
        physician to review the PA chest radiographs of adults as a second reader and be used as part of
         S-Station, which is operation software installed on Samsung Digital X-ray Imaging systems. Auto
       Lung Nodule Detection cannot be used on the patients who have lung lesions other than abnormal
        nodules.


     9.  Summary of Technological characteristic of the proposed device compared with the predicate
        device
      Samsung believes that the proposed device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device
       because some differences in the design and features is considered low risk and do not raise new
        questions on safety and effectiveness of the proposed device for its intended use based on the
         non-clinical and clinical testing.


        A.  Comparing with Predicate Device


                                         5 - 2

SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS Co., Ltd.
510(k) Premarket Notification - Traditional
                                   Predicate Device          Proposed Device
                                                        Auto Lung Nodule
           Device Name        ClearRead Detect
                                                                  Detection
                                Riverain Medical Group,
            Manufacture                            Samsung Electronics
                               LLC
        PMA Number       PMA P000041                            -
           Indication for use  CLEARREAD DETECT is  The Auto Lung Nodule
                         a computer-aided detection Detection is computer-
                         (CAD) system intended to   aided detection software to
                                   identify and mark regions    identify and mark regions
                                  of interest (ROIs) on          in relation to suspected
                                  digitized frontal chest       pulmonary nodules from 10
                              radiographs. It identifies     to 30 mm in size. It is
                               features associated with    designed to aid the
                                   solitary pulmonary nodules  physician to review the PA
                            from 9 to 30 mm in size,    chest radiographs of adults
                           which could represent      as a second reader and be
                               early-stage lung cancer.    used as part of S-Station,
                        The device is intended for   which is operation software
                          use as an aid only after the  installed on Samsung
                              physician has performed     Digital X-ray Imaging
                         an initial interpretation of    systems. Auto Lung Nodule
                              the radiograph.             Detection cannot be used
                                                on the patients who have
                                                         lung lesions other than
                                                   abnormal nodules.
           Intended users            Physician                  Physician
         Intended body part           Chest                    Chest
          Imaging modality             X-ray                      X-ray
                                       Identification of lung          Identification of lung
           Key feature
                                     nodules                   nodules
                                    heuristic decision rules,
            Technology        artificial neural network, and     Machine learning
                                      fuzzy logic
         Operating systems    Standard PC/Windows     Standard PC/Windows
                  Image                            DICOM              DICOM
                      type
           Input
                   Applicable                                 Chest PA/AP               Chest PA
                    Protocols
                                                            Information for ROI to be
                   Output     ROI marked on the
                                                 marked on the duplicated
                      type      duplicated input image
                                                                      input image
         Output    Marker                                    Circular/Adjustable             Circular/Fixed
                     type/size
                                                The number of nodule
                   Report    The number of findings
                                                            markers

         Reader workflow    Second reader workflow    Second reader workflow


    10. Safety and Effectiveness Information
        Software design description, hazard analysis, and labeling information are provided in support of

                                         5 - 3

SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS Co., Ltd.
510(k) Premarket Notification - Traditional
          this premarket notification for the proposed device. The device labeling contains instructions for
       use with cautions to provide for safe and effective use of the device. The results of the hazard
        analysis with appropriate risk controls indicate the proposed device is of moderate level of concern,
       as per the FDA Guidance, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software
        Contained in Medical Device” issued on May 11, 2005.


    11. Software Verification and Validation
         A.  Non-clinical Testing
               Non-clinical tests were conducted  for Auto Lung Nodule Detection during the device
            development in accordance with Samsung verification and validation process complied with
              the FDA Quality System Regulations, ISO 13485 requirements, and the following standards.
                   -   ISO14971:2007, Medical devices - Application of risk management to medical devices
                 (2nd Ed.)
                   -   IEC62304:2006, Medical devices - Software life cycle processes
                   -   IEC62366-1:2015, Medical device – Part1: Application of  usability engineering to
                 medical devices


               Verification and validation activities for Auto Lung Nodule Detection were conducted to
             provide evidences that the design meets user needs and intended use and application
               specification. The testing results support that all the software specifications have met the
            acceptance criteria and the claims of substantial equivalence.


         B.   Clinical Performance Testing
                Clinical evaluation was performed to validate the clinical efficacy of Samsung Auto Lung
            Nodule Detection (ALND) in helping radiologists find pulmonary nodules on digital chest
              radiographs. In this clinical study, nodule detection performances of human readers were
           measured using a test dataset containing both normal and diseased images. Readers were
            asked to mark their region of nodule suspicion on the images while also providing confidence
             scores on each decision they have made. After independent reading, readers were allowed
               to adjust their confidence scores after reviewing the ALND's detection results. Nodule
              detection performances before and after ALND were measured via sensitivity, false positives
             per image (FPPI), and jackknife alternative free response receiver operating characteristic
           (JAFROC) figure of merit (FOM). The results have demonstrated that all readers' nodule
              detection  performances  using  the  proposed  device  have  increased  with  statistical
               significance.  Therefore,  the proposed  device  could  provide  potential  assistance  for
               radiologists in the interpretation and detection of pulmonary nodules when used as an
              assistant tool.

    12. Conclusions


                                         5 - 4

SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS Co., Ltd. PSIMSUNGd
510(k) Premarket Notification - Traditional
Results of all conducted testing were found acceptable in supporting the claim of substantial
equivalent to the predicate device.
5-5