Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                  November 18, 2020
℅ Mr. Clayton Ginn
Regulatory Technical Specialist
2501 N. Barrington Road
HOFFMAN ESTATES IL 60192

Re: K201195
    Trade/Device Name: syngo.via MI Workflows VB50A
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: October 8, 2020
    Received: October 9, 2020

Dear Mr. Ginn:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K201195 – Mr. Clayton Ginn                                                            Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K201195
Device Name
syngo.via MI Workflows VB50A.
Indications for Use (Describe)
syngo.via molecular imaging (MI) workflows comprise medical diagnostic applications for viewing, manipulation,
quantification, analysis and comparison of medical images from single or multiple imaging modalities with one or more
time-points. These workflows support functional data, such as positron emission tomography (PET) or nuclear medicine
(NM), as well as anatomical datasets, such as computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance (MR). syngo.via MI
workflows can perform harmonization of SUV (PET) across different PET systems or different PET reconstruction
methods.
syngo.via MI workflows are intended to be utilized by appropriately trained health care professionals to aid in the
management of diseases, including those associated with oncology, cardiology, neurology, and organ function. The
images and results produced by the syngo.via MI workflows can also be used by the physician to aid in radiotherapy
treatment planning.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
4} Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) go Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
eee sss
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
eee
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6750 EF
23

Siemens MI Clinical Applications
syngo.via MI Workflows VB50A Software                              510(k) Premarket Notification

                                                               K201195                     510(k) Summary
                       as required by 21 CFR Part 807.87(h)


Identification of the Submitter

                         Primary Contact:                Alternate Contact:
                         Clayton Ginn                  Veronica PadhariaSubmitter:                          Regulatory Technical           Regulatory Technical
                             Specialist                        Specialist
                      Siemens Medical Solutions     Siemens Medical Solutions
                     USA, Inc.                  USA, Inc.
                      810 Innovation Drive          2501 N. Barrington Road
                             Knoxville, TN 37932           Hoffman Estates, IL 60192
Telephone Number:       (865) 898-2692                 (630) 877–5761

Fax Number:              (865) 218-3227                 (847) 304–6023


                      Siemens Medical Solutions USA, IncName / Address of                          Molecular ImagingManufacturer                      2501 N. Barrington Road
                       Hoffman Estates, IL 60192
                  USA


Date of Submission:     May 1st, 2020

Identification of the product

Device Proprietary Name:     syngo.via MI Workflows VB50A

Common Name:           Image Processing Software

Code of Federal            21 CFR 892.2050
Regulations
                               Picture Archiving and Communication SystemClassification Name:
Product Code:              QIH, LLZ

Classification Panel:         Radiology

Device Class:               Class II

Siemens MI Clinical Applications
syngo.via MI Workflows VB50A Software                              510(k) Premarket Notification


Primary Predicate Device

Device Proprietary Name:     syngo.via MI Workflows VB40A

Common Name:           Image Processing Software

Code of Federal           21 CFR 892.2050
Regulations
                              Picture Archiving and Communication SystemClassification Name:

Product Code:            LLZ

Classification Panel:         Radiology

Device Class:               Class II

Manufacturer:             Siemens Medical Solutions
                       USA, inc.

510(k) Number:            K191309 (July 2019)


Secondary Predicate Device

Device Proprietary Name:    syngo MBF 2.0

Common Name:           Image Processing Software
                        21 CFR 892.2050Code of Federal
Regulations
                              Picture Archiving and Communication SystemClassification Name:

Product Code:            LLZ

Classification Panel:         Radiology

Device Class:               Class II

Manufacturer:             Siemens Medical Solutions
                       USA, Inc.

510(k) Number:            K110494 (April 2011)

syngo.via MI Workflows VB40A is deemed the primary predicate device due to it being the
most similar to the device under review of this submission with respect to indications for use
and technical characteristics. syngo MBF 2.0 is considered a secondary predicate device
because it is a subset of the primary predicate device’s Indications for Use and technical
characteristics included within this submission.

Siemens MI Clinical Applications
syngo.via MI Workflows VB50A Software                              510(k) Premarket Notification

Device Description
syngo.via MI Workflows is a software-only medical device which will be delivered on CDROM / DVD to be installed onto the commercially available Siemens syngo.via software
platform (K191040) by trained service personnel.
syngo.via molecular imaging (MI) workflows comprise medical diagnostic applications for
viewing, manipulation, quantification, analysis and comparison of medical images from
single or multiple imaging modalities with one or more time-points. These workflows support
functional data, such as positron emission tomography (PET) or nuclear medicine (NM), as
well as anatomical datasets, such as computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance
(MR).

syngo.via MI Workflows enable visualization of information that would otherwise have to be
visually compared disjointedly. syngo.via MI workflows are intended to be utilized by
appropriately trained health care professionals to aid in the management of diseases,
including those associated with oncology, cardiology, neurology, and organ function. The
images and results produced by the syngo.via MI workflows can also be used by the
physician to aid in radiotherapy treatment planning.

Scenium is a previously cleared software device (K191309) that assists in the display and
analysis of images within the MI Neurology workflow of syngo.via MI Workflows. This
software enables visualization and appropriate rendering of multimodality data, providing a
number of features which enable the user to process acquired image data.

Scenium consists of four workflows:
     -  Database Comparison
     -   Striatal Analysis
     -   Cortical Analysis
     -   Subtraction

The Scenium workflows are used to assist the clinician with the visual evaluation,
assessment and quantification of pathologies, such as dementia (i.e., Alzheimer’s),
movement disorders (i.e., Parkinson’s) and seizure analysis (i.e., Epilepsy).

syngo MBF is a software only product intended for visualization, assessment and
quantification of medical images: specifically providing quantitative blood flow
measurements of PET images. The software sites within the MI Cardiology workflow within
syngo.Via MI Workflows. The application supports dynamic Rubidium – PET and dynamic
Ammonia – PET images. The application provides visualization and measurement tools, for
qualitative and quantitative visualization and assessment of the input data. It provides
automatic and manual tools to orient and segment the myocardium. The software calculates
measurements of myocardial blood flow, and provides tools, such as a database
comparison workflow, for the Clinician to assess these results.

Siemens MI Clinical Applications
syngo.via MI Workflows VB50A Software                              510(k) Premarket Notification

The modifications to syngo.via MI Workflows and syngo MBF (within MI Cardiology)
software (K191309 and K110494) include the following new features:


Workflow                   Workflow-specific Features
MM Oncology            No New Features
MI General (MI Reading /     Auto Lung 3D
SPECT Processing)         Dynamic Summing
                             Automatic Layouts
                            Auto Ranges
                           Scanner Data Support for Organ Processing
                                  Usability Improvements
MI Cardiology                Normalization by Rate-Pressure Product (syngo MBF)
                             Cardiac Masking
                             Cardiac Auto Ranges
                                  Usability Improvements
                           Updates / redeployment to third party software
MI Neurology               Normals Database for FDOPA (Scenium)


Technological Characteristics
The syngo.via MI Workflows VB50A software modifications are based on the commercially
available syngo.via MI Workflows VB40A (K191309) and syngo MBF 2.0 (K110494)
software. The features introduced into these Clinical Applications do not alter the already
existent technological characteristics within the commercially available predicate system.

syngo.via MI Workflows is intended to be run on the Siemens syngo.via software platform
(K191040) either alone or with other advanced commercially cleared applications.

Intended Use
 An individual software program, or group of programs, routines, or algorithms that add
  specific image processing and/or analysis capabilities to a positron emission tomography
  (PET) and Single Photon Emission Computed Tomography (SPECT) imaging system
  configuration. A basic set of application programs and routines is included with such
  computer controlled imaging systems and they can be upgraded to correct programming
  errors or to add new system capabilities. Some application software routines or groups of
  routines (packages) must be combined with specific hardware or firmware accessories or
  configurations in order to function as intended. Application program packages are
  typically identified by a proprietary name and “version” or “upgrade” number.

The Intended Use for syngo.via MI Workflows is the same and, compared to the primary and
reference devices, has not changed.

Siemens MI Clinical Applications
syngo.via MI Workflows VB50A Software                              510(k) Premarket Notification

Indications for Use
  syngo.via molecular imaging (MI) workflows comprise medical diagnostic applications for
  viewing, manipulation, quantification, analysis and comparison of medical images from single
  or multiple imaging modalities with one or more time-points. These workflows support
  functional data, such as positron emission tomography (PET) or nuclear medicine (NM), as
  well as anatomical datasets, such as computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance
  (MR). syngo.via MI workflows can perform harmonization of SUV (PET) across different PET
  systems or different PET reconstruction methods.

  syngo.via MI workflows are intended to be utilized by appropriately trained health care
  professionals to aid in the management of diseases, including those associated with
  oncology, cardiology, neurology, and organ function. The images and results produced by
  the syngo.via MI workflows can also be used by the physician to aid in radiotherapy
  treatment planning.


The syngo.via MI Workflows VB50A Indications for Use has been re-worded for clarification
and does not expand the Indications for Use or the Intended Use of the commercially available
predicate devices. The updated Indications for Use encompasses the Scenium and syngo
MBF devices as used within the MI Neurology and MI Cardiology workflows.

Performance Testing / Safety and Effectiveness
The device labeling contains instructions for use and any necessary cautions and warnings
to provide for safe and effective use of the device.
Risk Management has been ensured via risk analyses in compliance with ISO 14971 to
identify and provide mitigation to potential hazards beginning early in the design cycle and
continuing throughout the development of the product. Siemens Medical Solutions, USA
Inc. adheres to recognized and established industry standards for development including EN
ISO 13485 and IEC 62304.
Cybersecurity information in accordance with FDA Guidance documents issued October 2,
2014 has been provided. The Clinical Applications software has specific cybersecurity
controls to prevent unauthorized access, modifications, misuse or denial of use.
Additionally, controls are enabled to prevent the unauthorized use of information that is
stored, accessed or transferred between the Clinical Applications software and external
devices.
Verification and Validation activities have been successfully performed on the software
package, including assurance that functions work as designed, performance requirements
and specifications have been met, and that all hazard mitigations have been fully
implemented. All testing has met the predetermined acceptance values. Traceability of the
requirements specified in the requirement specifications and functional specifications is
ensured during component integration, software validation and system testing.
The device is designed and manufactured in accordance with Quality System Regulations
as outlined in 21 CFR 820. The FDA recognized standards are listed as follows:
    •  Recognition Number 13-79: IEC 62304 Edition 1.1 2015-06
    •  Recognition Number 12-300: NEMA PS 3.1 – 3.20 (2016)

Siemens MI Clinical Applications
syngo.via MI Workflows VB50A Software                              510(k) Premarket Notification

    •  Recognition Number 5-40: ISO 14971:2007 Second Edition
    •  Recognition Number 5-114: IEC 62366-1 Edition 1.0 2015
    •  Recognition Number 5-117: ISO 15223-1 Third Edition 2016

Statement Regarding Substantial Equivalence:
There are no differences in the Indications for Use, Intended Use or Fundamental
Technological Characteristics of the syngo.via MI Workflows VB50A software as compared
to the currently commercially available syngo.via MI Workflows software (K191309). The
Indications for Use has been reworded and does not expand the Indications for Use or
Intended Use of the commercially available predicate devices.
Both the current and predicate devices are used for viewing, manipulation, quantification,
analysis and comparison of medical images from single or multiple imaging modalities with
one or more time-points.
Additionally, the new features implemented within this release do not raise any new issues
of safety and effectiveness as compared to the predicate device. Based on this information,
as well as the documentation in support of the modifications, it is Siemens’ opinion that the
syngo.via MI Workflows software—with the modifications outlined in this application—is
substantially equivalent to the predicate device.