Quantib BV                                                             October 11, 2020
℅ Mrs. Floor van Leeuwen
Quality and Regulatory Manager
Westblaak 106
Rotterdam, Zuid-Holland 3012 KM
NETHERLANDS

Re: K202501
    Trade/Device Name: Quantib Prostate
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: August 27, 2020
    Received: August 31, 2020

Dear Mrs. Leeuwen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K202501 – Mrs. Floor van Leeuwen                                                      Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K202501

Device Name
Quantib Prostate


Indications for Use (Describe)
Quantib Prostate is image post-processing software that provides the user with processing, visualization, and editing of
prostate MRI images. The software facilitates the analysis and study review of MR data sets and provides additional
mathematical and/or statistical analysis. The resulting analysis can be displayed in a variety of formats, including images
overlaid onto source MRI images.

Quantib Prostate functionality includes registered multiparametric-MRI viewing, with the option to view images
combined into a single image to support visualization. The software can be used for semi-automatic segmentation of
anatomical structures and provides volume computations, together with tools for manual editing. PI-RADS scoring is
possible using a structured workflow.

Quantib Prostate is intended to be used by trained medical professionals and provides information that, in a clinical
setting, may assist in the interpretation of prostate MR studies. Diagnosis should not be made solely based on the analysis
performed using Quantib Prostate.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Quantib Prostate
510(k) Summary
                                                          K202501


1  SUBMITTER

Quantib B.V.
Westblaak 106

3012 KM Rotterdam

Phone: (+31) 108 41 17 49
Contact Person: Floor van Leeuwen

Date Prepared: August 27, 2020

2  DEVICE

Name of Device: Quantib Prostate
Common or Usual Name: Quantib Prostate

Regulation Description: Picture archiving and communication system
Product Code: LLZ

Regulation number: 892.2050
Device Class: II

3  PREDICATE DEVICE

Device: DynaCAD

Manufacturer: Invivo Corporation
510(k) Reg. No: K192200

This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.

Product Code: LLZ
Device Class: II

4  DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Quantib Prostate is an extension to the Quantib AI Node software platform and enables analysis
of prostate MRI scans. Quantib Prostate makes use of Quantib AI Node functionality, and
includes the following specific Quantib Prostate modules:

    •  An automatic processing module that performs prostate segmentation and multiparametric MRI image registration.


                                                                                       5-1

•  A user-interaction module in which the user can edit and approve the computed
        prostate segmentation and determine PSA density.
    •  A user-interaction module in which the user can view multi-parametric MRI images, and
       segment and analyze potential lesions. This extension will also apply a mathematical
        operation on the input images to combine information from the MRI sequences into a
        single combination image.
    •  An automatic processing module that collects all results for exporting and transferring
       back to the user.

5   INDICATIONS FOR USE


 5.1  INDICATIONS FOR USE QUANTIB PROSTATE
Quantib Prostate is image post-processing software that provides the user with processing,
visualization, and editing of prostate MRI images. The software facilitates the analysis and study
review of MR data sets and provides additional mathematical and/or statistical analysis. The
resulting analysis can be displayed in a variety of formats, including images overlaid onto
source MRI images.

Quantib Prostate functionality includes registered multiparametric-MRI viewing, with the option to
view images combined into a single image to support visualization. The software can be used
for semi-automatic segmentation of anatomical structures and provides volume computations,
together with tools for manual editing. PI-RADS scoring is possible using a structured workflow.

Quantib Prostate is intended to be used by trained medical professionals and provides
information that, in a clinical setting, may assist in the interpretation of prostate MR studies.
Diagnosis should not be made solely based on the analysis performed using Quantib Prostate.


 5.2  INDICATIONS FOR USE PREDICATE DEVICE
DynaCAD

The DynaCAD software consists of the MR Analysis Server software and the viewer workstation
software. The MR Analysis Server software, which includes the DynaCAD Breast, DynaCAD
Prostate, and DynaCAD PK for other MR Analysis modules, is intended to be used as a postprocessing software package designed to provide a reliable means for analyzing MR datasets.
The software facilitates the analysis of dynamic and non-dynamic MR datasets to provide study
review and additional mathematical and/or statistical analysis. The resulting analysis can be
displayed in a variety of formats, including parametric images overlaid onto source MRI images.

The viewer workstation software is intended for use in conjunction with the MR Analysis Server
software and facilitates the analysis and presentation of datasets generated by the MR Analysis
Server software and incorporates the following functions: Region of Interest (ROI) curve, Pixel of
Interest (POI) curve, Report Card, Volume Calculation, Statistical Analysis, 3-D visualization of
image series, and DICOM reporting, among other capabilities. DynaCAD software serves as a
workflow roadmap tool that organizes and guides the radiologist through the series of sequential
tasks that must be performed in order to arrive at a diagnosis. The specific configuration of
product features drives the DynaCAD software underlying workflow solution for lesion
characterization and reporting. This inherent workflow regimen integrates into the radiologist‘s
existing departmental workflow and can be adapted to fit the needs of each user. In the hands


                                                                                       5-2

of a trained physician the information provided by the data analysis could yield information that
may assist in the interpretation of dynamic and non-dynamic MR studies.

DynaLOC Breast

The DynaLOC Breast Interventional Planning software module supports the use of interventional
breast coils and MR stereotactic localization devices to perform MR-guided breast interventional
procedures. Using information from MR images regarding the coordinates of a user-specified
region of interest, and fiducial coordinates, the software provides an automatic calculation of the
location and depth of the targeted region of interest, such as a lesion or suspected lesion,
relative to the interventional device.

DynaLOC Prostate

DynaLOC Prostate Interventional is a computer-based image-guidance accessory for use with
commercially available Magnetic Resonance (MR) imaging systems and interventional devices.
The application provides the user with patient data processing, visualization and storage
functions. It allows image analysis, display and recording of simulated images of a tracked
insertion tool, such as a needle guide or sleeve, on a computer monitor or other display that
shows images of the target organs and the current and/ or projected path of the interventional
instrument. The device is intended to be used by physicians in a clinical setting for treatment
planning and guidance for clinical, interventional and/or diagnostic procedures of the prostate.


 5.3  INDICATIONS FOR USE COMPARISON
The Indications for Use of Quantib Prostate are partially equivalent to those of DynaCAD.

The Indications for Use of DynaCAD is divided in three sections: DynaCAD, DynaLOC Breast,
and DynaLOC Prostate. The partial equivalence between the Indications for Use of Quantib
Prostate and DynaCAD is only based on the first section: DynaCAD. The sections about
DynaLOC Breast and DynaLOC Prostate do not contain any Indications for Use that are relevant
for Quantib Prostate.

The Indications for Use of DynaCAD are broader than that of Quantib Prostate, while the
Indications for Use of Quantib Prostate are fully within the range of DynaCAD’s Indications for
Use. This is confirmed by the comparison of technological characteristics between the two
products in Section 6.

As the Indications for Use of Quantib Prostate are fully covered by the Indications for Use of
DynaCAD, we conclude that the differences between both products do not raise any questions
on the effectiveness and safety of Quantib Prostate compared to DynaCAD.


                                                                                       5-3

6  COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS


Item               Quantib Prostate                     DynaCAD
                                                     K192200
Target users        Trained medical professionals               Trained medical professionals
Equivalent
Anatomical site      Prostate                              Any
Partially
equivalent
Where used         Hospital                                     Hospital
Equivalent
Human factors     User can approve or reject results           User can approve or reject results.
Equivalent
                  User can inspect and edit prostate          User can inspect and edit prostate
                   segmentation                              segmentation.
                  User can enter PSA value and compute      User can enter PSA value and compute
               PSA density                         PSA density
                  User can create and update regions of       User can create and update regions of
                       interest (ROIs)                                   interest (ROIs)
                  User can add and update annotations (text)  User can add and update annotations (text)
                       to analysis                                       to analysis
                  User can manually set a PI-RADS score      User can manually set a PI-RADS score
                   using a PI-RADS interactive worksheet        using a PI-RADS interactive worksheet
Design             Semi-automatic prostate segmentation,       Semi-automatic prostate segmentation,
Partially            Multi-parametric image review,                Multi-parametric image review,
equivalent          Biparametric combination image viewer,      Basic image manipulation tools,
                   Basic image manipulation tools,              Thresholding tool
                   Thresholding tool,                        User interface to create/update userUser interface to create/update user-        generated ROIs.
                  generated ROIs.
Performance data
    Non-clinical    Bench testing performed to test the         Bench testing performed to test the
   performance     functionality of the system.                      functionality of the system.
    Partially        This included characterization of the standequivalent      alone performance of the prostate
                   segmentation algorithm.
    Clinical          Prostate segmentation algorithm was tested  No clinical performance data available.
   performance     in a clinical use context, i.e. as a semiPredicate      automatic algorithm after correction by
   device has no   trained clinicians.
   data to
   assess
   equivalency
   Standards       • IS0 14971 – Medical devices -Application   • IS0 14971 – Medical devices -Application
   met                 of risk management to medical devices        of risk management to medical devices
    Equivalent      • IEC 62304 – Medical device software –      • IEC 62304 – Medical device software –
                     Software life cycle processes                Software life cycle processes
                     • IEC 62366 – Medical devices -
                       Application of usability engineering to
                    medical devices
  SW            Tested in accordance with verification and    Tested in accordance with verification and
    verification       validation processes and planning. The        validation processes and planning. The
   and validation   testing results support that all the system      testing results support that all the system
    Equivalent      requirements have met their acceptance      requirements have met their acceptance
                         criteria and are adequate for its intended       criteria and are adequate for its intended


                                                                                       5-4

Item               Quantib Prostate                     DynaCAD
                                                     K192200
                    use.                                        use.
Compatibility with  DICOM compatible                  DICOM compatible
the environment
and other devices
Equivalent
Reported           Prostate gland volume, PSA density, ROIs     Prostate gland volume, PSA density, ROIs
measures            within the prostate, with for each ROI:          within the prostate, with for each ROI:
Equivalent              •   Volume                                  •   Volume
                         •   Average ADC value                      •   Average ADC value
                         •   PI-RADS score                           •   PI-RADS score
                         •   Location                                 •   Location
Required input    DICOM compatible data, type of MRI      DICOM compatible data, type of MRI
Equivalent         scans: T2-weighted, DWI, ADC, DCE         scans: T2-weighted, DWI, ADC, DCE


For some of the technological characteristics compared above a more detailed description on
their equivalency follows:

    •   Anatomical site: DynaCAD can load MR images from any anatomical site, amongst
       which images of the prostate region. Quantib Prostate is only intended for use with MR
       images from the prostate region. As the use intended for Quantib Prostate is fully
       covered within the uses possible with DynaCAD, we conclude that this difference does
        not raise any questions on the effectiveness and safety of Quantib Prostate compared to
      DynaCAD.
    •   Design: Quantib Prostate includes all design aspects of DynaCAD, and adds the
         functionality to view biparametric combination images. A biparametric combination
       image is directly computed by a straightforward mathematical equation from images
         that are also individually shown in the multi-parametric viewer. Dynacad also provides a
        viewer for multi-parametric images. Combining these images into a single biparametric
        combination image does not add new information compared to the original images.
        Therefore, we conclude that this addition does not raise any questions on the
        effectiveness and safety of Quantib Prostate compared to DynaCAD.
    •  Performance data
         o   Non-clinical performance: For both products bench testing was performed to
                  test the functionality of the system and in that sense they are equivalent. For
               Quantib Prostate the stand-alone performance of the prostate segmentation
                algorithm was characterized in addition.
         o   Clinical performance: Clinical performance was tested for the semi-automatic
                prostate segmentation algorithm in Quantib Prostate. As there are no clinical
              performance results available for DynaCAD, comparing the performance of a
                  clinician using Quantib Prostate to segment a prostate with a clinician not using
              Quantib Prostate is a reasonable way to prove safety and effectiveness of the
               semi-automatic segmentation algorithm.
       As this is additional performance data compared to the performance data available for
      DynaCAD, we conclude that this does not raise any questions on safety and
        effectiveness of Quantib Prostate compared to DynaCAD.


                                                                                       5-5

7  PERFORMANCE DATA


 7.1  STANDARDS MET
Quantib Prostate was designed in compliance with the following US recognized consensus
standards:
    •  ANSI AAMI ISO 14971:2007/(R)2010 – Medical devices - Application of risk
      management to medical devices
    •  ANSI AAMI IEC 62304:2006/A1:2016 – Medical device software – Software life cycle
       processes
    •  ANSI AAMI IEC 62366-1:2015 – Medical devices- applications of usability engineering to
       medical devices


 7.2  VERIFICATION AND VALIDATION ACTIVITIES
Quantib Prostate has been tested in accordance with Quantib’s verification and validation
processes and plan, addressing intended use, product claims, requirement specifications and
risk management results. The testing results support that all the system requirements have met
their pre-defined acceptance criteria.


The following quality assurance measures were applied to Quantib Prostate development:
    •   Risk and hazard analysis
    •   Design reviews
    •   Unit level testing
    •   Integration testing
    •  System testing
    •   Performance testing
    •   Usability engineering


 7.3  NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE TESTING
Bench testing was done to show that the system is suitable for its intended use and to
characterize the stand-alone performance of the prostate segmentation algorithm. The latter is
intended to inform the user on the limitations of the prostate segmentation algorithm to facilitate
the user in review and editing of the resulting prostate segmentations before further use in the
software. Bench testing did not reveal any issues with the system, demonstrating that the
performance of Quantib Prostate is as safe and effective as its predicate devices.


 7.4  CLINICAL PERFORMANCE TESTING
The prostate segmentation algorithm was tested in a clinical use context. It was concluded that
a trained medical professional using Quantib Prostate performs better or equal in prostate
segmentation than without use of Quantib Prostate.


                                                                                       5-6

7.5  SAFETY IMPLICATIONS
The differences between Quantib Prostate and the predicate device DynaCAD do not affect the
safety of the device compared to its predicates. This conclusion is based on:

    •   Failure mode and effects analysis on the functionality of both products.
    •   Risk category classification of the software components of both products.
    •   Level of concern, which is identified to be Moderate for both products.

Quantib Prostate and DynaCAD are both intended to support trained medical professionals in
qualitative and quantitative measurement, analysis, and reporting of clinical data. The software
does not make diagnoses; it provides quantification results that must be interpreted by a trained
medical professional before using them. Quantib Prostate and DynaCAD are both software
applications running on off-the-shelve hardware; they do not have hardware components nor are
they designed to provide a physical output to the user/patient. In conclusion, Quantib Prostate
does not introduce any new safety issues compared to the predicate device DynaCAD

8  CONCLUSIONS

By virtue of its intended use, design features, and technological characteristics, Quantib
Prostate is substantially equivalent to a device that has been approved for marketing in the
United States. The performance data shows that Quantib Prostate is as safe and effective as the
predicate device.


                                                                                       5-7