October 2, 2021
SyncThink, Inc.
℅ Allison Kumar
Regulatory Consultant
Arina Consulting, LLC
27 Hilltop Dr
San Carlos, California 94070


Re: K202927
    Trade/Device Name: EYE-SYNC
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.1455
    Regulation Name: Traumatic brain injury eye movement assessment aid
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QEA
    Dated: August 18, 2020
    Received: September 29, 2020

Dear Allison Kumar:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K202927 - Allison Kumar                                                              Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                         Jay R. Gupta -S

                                            Jay Gupta
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT5A: Division of Neurosurgical,
                                                Neurointerventional
                                           and Neurodiagnostic Devices
                                  OHT5: Office of Neurological
                                           and Physical Medicine Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K202927
Device Name
EYE-SYNC
Indications for Use (Describe)
The EYE-SYNC® is intended for recording, viewing, and analyzing eye movements in support of identifying visual
tracking impairment in human subjects.
The EYE-SYNC® is intended to record, measure, and analyze eye movements as an aid in the diagnosis of concussion,
also known as mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI), within three days of sport-related head injury in patients 17-24 years of
age in conjunction with a standard neurological assessment, for use by medical professionals qualified to interpret the
results of a concussion assessment examination.
A negative EYE-SYNC® classification corresponds to eye movements that are consistent with a lack of concussion.
A positive EYE-SYNC® classification corresponds to eye movements that may be present in patients with concussion.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Summary

This summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR Part
807.92.

510(k) Owner Information:
      SyncThink, Inc.
     2172 Staunton Court
      Palo Alto, CA 94306
      Tel 508-446-4287
      Contact: John Ferreira, VP Engineering
       jferreira@syncthink.com

Submission Correspondent:
       Allison Kumar
      Arina Consulting, LLC
      allison@arinaconsulting.com

Device Information:
      Trade Name: EYE-SYNC
      Device: Traumatic Brain Injury Eye Movement Assessment Aid
       Regulation: 882.1455
       Classification Panel: Neurology
      Device Class: 2
      Product Code: QEA

Predicate Device:
      Oculogica EyeBOX (DEN170091)

Reference Devices:
      SyncThink EYE-SYNC (K152915), GN Otometric 1068 A/S Type 1085 ICS
      Impulse (K151504)

Intended Use/Indications for Use:
The EYE-SYNC® is intended for recording, viewing, and analyzing eye
movements in support of identifying visual tracking impairment in human
subjects.

The EYE-SYNC® is intended to record, measure, and analyze eye
movements as an aid in the diagnosis of concussion, also known as mild
traumatic brain injury (mTBI), within three days of sport-related head injury in


                                                                            1

patients 17 -24 years of age in conjunction with a standard neurological
assessment, for use by medical professionals qualified to interpret the
results of a concussion assessment examination.

A negative EYE-SYNC® classification corresponds to eye movements
that are consistent with a lack of concussion.

A positive EYE-SYNC® classification corresponds to eye movements that
may be present in patients with concussion.

Device Description:
The SyncThink EYE-SYNC device is a portable, fully enclosed eye tracking
environment with three primary components:
              1. Eye Tracker (head-mounted device) with eye tracking sensor
              2. Eye tracking display
              3. Android Tablet
The eye tracker is a modified Samsung GearVR provided by SensoMotoric
Instruments (SMI). It is mounted to the subject's face and held either by hands placed
on the side or using a strap. The eye tracking sensor includes two high-speed infrared
cameras (for each eye) connected to a visual display for battery, computation, and
display. Camera lighting is provided by 12 high-quality Light-emitting Diodes (LEDs)
centered at 850 nanometers. Eye gaze tracking is performed using a proprietary
implementation of the pupil- corneal reaction method. The eye tracker display is a nonnetworked mobile device that fits within the eye tracking sensor and connects over
USB. The display receives eye tracking sensor information for post-processing,
manages sensor calibration, provides binocular visual display to the subject, and
interfaces with the Android tablet over Bluetooth. Eye gaze tracking and visual display
is combined to provide several assessment paradigms to characterize subject eye
tracking performance:
                  • Smooth Pursuit
                  • Saccades
                  • Vestibular-Ocular Reflex (VOR)
                  • VOR Cancellation (VORx)
An EYE-SYNC software app on the display device manages these functions.
The Android tablet is a standard off-the-shelf 9.7" mobile tablet from Samsung with
Verizon 4G cellular connectivity. A second EYE-SYNC software app designed to
provides an integrative platform for data collected on the HMD eye tracker:
                  • Patient, administrator, and records management
                  • Eye tracker assessment Bluetooth control
                  • Assessment Vestibular/Ocular-Motor Screening (VOMS) self-report tools
                  • Eye tracker assessment real-time Bluetooth monitoring


                                                                            2

• Eye tracker data log Bluetooth transfer
                  • Eye tracker assessment analysis using visual synchronization metrics
                  • Analysis report generation with visualizations
                  • Background diagnostics to verify device health
                  • Cloud connectivity for data synchronization
Internal batteries from the eye tracking display and Android tablet provide power for
remote use, away from power source. Each device has an EYE-SYNC software app
installed to provide the described functionality. EYE-SYNC is provided as a complete
system and both apps are managed a single software project with identical version
numbers. EYE-SYNC is provided in a standalone carry-case with user manual, strap,
cleaning, and charging accessories.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics with Predicate Device:
The claim of substantial equivalence of EYE-SYNC to the predicate device is based on
a detailed comparison of several factors. This compairson is included in the table
below:

                  Subject Device     Predicate Device
                 (EYE-SYNC)         (Eye-BOX)
                                                        Comparison
 Submission        K202927         DEN170091
   Number

Product Code       QEA            QEA              SAME
 Intended Use   Measure and        Measure and              SAME
                 analyze eye          analyze eye
              movement as an aid  movement as an aid
                     in the diagnosis of      in the diagnosis of
                 concussion          concussion

Indications for  The EYE- SYNC® is  The EyeBOX is              SIMILAR
    Use        intended for          intended to measure     Differences between the
                   recording, viewing,   and analyze eye      subject device and predicate
               and analyzing eye                                    include:                                movements as an
              movements in                                          aid in the diagnosis                 support of identifying                        • Age range of population for                                            of concussion within                   visual tracking                                 subject device is a small
                                 one week of head      subset of predicate.                 impairment in human
                                              injury in patients 5     • Population of subject device                   subjects.
                                      through 67 years of      is specific to sports-related
                                                                             injury.              The EYE-SYNC® is   age in conjunction
                                                               • Use of test is a shorter time                 intended to record,    with a standard
                                                               period since injury compared                measure, and         neurological                                                                       to predicate.                 analyze eye         assessment of
              movements as an                                                  The differences do not raise


                                                                            3

aid in the diagnosis   concussion.        new questions of safety or
                   of concussion within                          effectiveness.
                 three days of sport-  A negative EyeBOX
                  related head injury     classification may
                    in patients 17 -24     correspond to eye
                years of age in      movement that is
                 conjunction with a                                        consistent with a
                standard                                         lack of concussion.
                 neurological
               assessment, for use                           A positive EyeBOX
               by medical                                             classification
                 professionals                                    corresponds to eye                   qualified to interpret
                               movement that may                 the results of a
                                be present in both                concussion
               assessment           patients with or
                examination and aid   without concussion.
                    in the management
                   of concussion.

            A negative EYESYNC®
                   classification
                corresponds to eye
              movements that
                are consistent with
              a lack of
                concussion.
            A positive EYESYNC®
                   classification
                corresponds to eye
              movements that
            may be present in
                  patients with
                concussion.

Rx Use Only          Yes               Yes              SAME

 Hardware      VR Headset          Stand with            DIFFERENT
Components           Tablet          integrated Computer  Subject device uses VR
                                                        headset to capture gaze
                                                     measurements. Analysis is
                                                   done via a software app on the
                                                     accompanying tablet. This
                                                   method has been validated
                                                                with performance and clinical
                                                                   testing to verify it provides the
                                              same information as the

                                                                           4

predicate device and therefore
                                                      does not raise new questions
                                                                      of safety and effectiveness.

   Wireless           Bluetooth            Single, non-           DIFFERENT
Communication  connection between    networked device    Subject eye tracking device
              VR Headset and                       communicates over Bluetooth
                     Tablet. Tablet has                          wireless to an administrative
                4G cellular                                 tablet for control and data
                   connection Cloud.                       exchange. The predicate
                                                            device achieves the same
                                                                       functionality within a single
                                                        computer system.
                                                                    Cellular connectivity to the
                                                             cloud is a convenience feature
                                                    and does not contribute to the
                                                             IFU. Bluetooth connectivity is a
                                             common systems interface.
                                                             This method has been
                                                                 validated with performance
                                                    and clinical testing to verify it
                                                             provides the same functionality
                                                       as the predicate device and
                                                                 therefore does not raise new
                                                             questions of safety and
                                                                  effectiveness.

 Eye Tracking         Gaze             Gaze              SAME
Camera Speed  60 Hz              500 Hz                  DIFFERENT
                                                   Eye tracking cameras can be
                                                        oversampled with respect to
                                                               the signal of interest. The
                                                                subject device has elected to
                                                    go with a lower sample rate,
                                                               but has validated this decision
                                                                 with performance and clinical
                                                                     testing to verify it provides the
                                               same functionality as the
                                                               predicate device and therefore
                                                      does not raise new questions
                                                                      of safety and effectiveness.

   Stimulus     60 second recording  220 second video          DIFFERENT
    Screen       of 0.4Hz motion        circulating on         This method used by the
                     circulating at 10       discrete path of 5      subject device has been
                degree radius with    cycles along           validated with performance
                two sets of 6 cycles   perimeter of screen   and clinical testing to verify it
               on viewing screen                          provides the same information
                                                       as the predicate device and


                                                                            5

therefore does not raise new
                                                             questions of safety and
                                                                  effectiveness.

   Software      Algorithm provides    Algorithm provides          SAME
                   analysis and results   analysis and results

    Patient      Yes – Foam cushion         N/A                     Different
  Contacting       on face mask.                             Patient contacting material is
   Materials                                                  biocompatible. Does not raise
                                               new questions of safety or
                                                                  effectiveness.

     Sterility           Non-Sterile            Non-Sterile            SAME

  EMC and     IEC 60601-1:2012    IEC 60601-1:2012           SAME
   Electrical     IEC 60601-1-2:2014  IEC 60601-1-2:2014
     Safety

 Performance         Light Safety           Light Safety            SAME
Testing - Bench

 Performance     82% sensitivity      80.4% sensitivity               Similar
   Testing -         (74%, 89%)        (66.1%, 91.9%)      Results from clinical testing*
    Clinical                                                 are substantially equivalent to
               93% specificity      66.1% specificity          predicate device**
                    (91%, 94%)         (59.7%, 72.1%)

                56% PPV***       31.6%% PPV
                    (48%, 64%)         (23.3%, 40.9%)

                98% NPV***         94.5% NPV
                    (97%, 99%)         (89.9%, 97.5%)

    Special            Yes               Yes              SAME
   Controls
 *Clinical performance analysis did not include assessments with poor eye-tracking quality. In these
 cases, the device does not provide an assessment result.
**95% Confidence intervals noted for the subject and predicate device are derived from Clopper-Pearson
method. 95% Confidence intervals for the subject device derived using the Wilson Score method for
 sensitivity are (74%, 88%) and (91%, 94%) for specificity.
 *** PPV and NPV was obtained from observed study data without adjustment of the prevalence (10%).

Performance Data
The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence
determination.


                                                                            6

Electrical Safety and Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC)

    Electrical safety and EMC testing were conducted on the EYE-SYNC
   device. The system complied with the IEC 60601-1:2012 Ed. 3.0 standard
    for operator and patient safety and IEC 60601-1-2:2014 Ed 4.0 standard for
  EMC in the intended use environment. The system complied with IEC
   60601-2-57:2011 Ed1.0 Medical electrical equipment – Part 2 for safety of
   non-laser light source equipment intended for diagnostic use.
Software Verification and Validation Testing and Cybersecurity
   Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and
   documentation was provided as recommended by FDA’s Guidance for
   Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket
   Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The software for
    this device was considered a “moderate” level of concern, since a failure or
    latent flaw in the software could directly result in minor injury to the patient
   or operator, either directly or indirectly through incorrect or delayed
   information or through the action of a care provider.
   Cybersecurity was assessed and documented according to the FDA
   Guidance, “Off-the-shelf Software – Cybersecurity for Networked Medical
   Devices Containing Off-the-Shelf (OTS) Software.”

Performance Testing – Bench

   Testing was performed to demonstrate conformance with the following
   standards:
          •  EN62471 Photobiological Safety of Lamps and Lamp Systems


Biocompatibility Testing
   The biocompatibility evaluation of the EYE-SYNC device was conducted in
   accordance with the FDA Blue Book Memorandum #G95-1 “Use of
    International Standard ISO-10993, ‘Biological Evaluation of Medical
   Devices Part 1: Evaluation and Testing, “’ May 1, 1005, and International
   Standard ISO 10993-1 “Biological Evaluation of Medical Devices – Part 1:
   Evaluation and Testing within a Risk Management Process,” as recognized
   by FDA. The battery of testing included the following tests:
       •  Cytotoxicity
       •  Sensitization
       •   Irritation

Sterility
   The device is provided non-sterile. Cleaning instructions are provided in


                                                                            7

the user manual.


Summary of Clinical Testing:

Clinical performance
Clinical data was submitted to support substantial equivalence and conform to special
controls. Validation data analysis was performed on 1,069 subjects. The validation
study population included subjects ages 17-24 years actively engaged in competitive
athletics. Of these 1,069 subjects, 107 subjects met the SCAT-5 clinical reference
standard definition of concussion, where the evaluations were conducted by a
healthcare practitioner blinded to EYE-SYNC device output +3 days from injury.

Retrospective analysis determined 82% (74%, 89%) sensitivity and 93% (91%, 94%)
specificity of the EYE-SYNC test. Negative predictive value made by the classifying
algorithm was 98% (97%, 99%) and positive predicative value was 56% (48%, 64%).
For PPV and NPV reference, the study prevalence of clinical classification of
concussion (mTBI) was 10% (107/1069). The analysis validates the clinical utility of the
eye-tracking assessment as an aid in diagnosis of concussion within three days of
sport-related head injury.

Test-retest reliability
The test-retest reliability of the EYE-SYNC metrics were reported through an
independent study of 150 athletes from 11 sports with a mean (SD) age of 20 (1.3)
years and 55% female population. The Intra-class correlation (ICC) was calculated with
its 95%CI for each EYE-SYNC metric:

    •  SD tangential error: 0.86 (0.82, 0.90)
    •  SD radial error: 0.78 (0.71, 0.84)
    •  Mean phase error: 0.83 (0.77, 0.87)

The ICC describes the level of correlation between two or more observations made on
the same student athlete; a higher ICC (closer to 1) indicates greater reliability of the
measure.


Conclusion:
The non-clinical and clinical data support the safety of the device and the software
verification and validation demonstrate that SyncThink’s EYE-SYNC device should
perform as intended in the specified use conditions, and which are comparable to the
predicate device that is currently marketed for the same intended use.


                                                                            8