October 28, 2020

Bonraybio Co., Ltd.
℅ Feng-Yu Lee
Principal Consultant
Dynamic Biotech, Inc dba. IVDD Regulatory Consultant
29122 Rancho Viejo Rd., Suite 212
San Juan Capistrano, California 92675


Re: K202089
    Trade/Device Name: LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer, LensHooke X1 PRO SE Semen
                         Quality Analyzer
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5220
    Regulation Name: Automated Differential Cell Counter
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: POV, GKZ
    Dated: July 21, 2020
    Received: July 28, 2020

Dear Feng-Yu Lee:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K202089 - Feng-Yu Lee                                                                Page 2


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                          Takeesha Taylor-bell -S

                                         Takeesha Taylor-Bell
                                            Chief
                                             Division of Immunology
                                          and Hematology Devices
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K202089

Device Name
LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer


Indications for Use (Describe)
The LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer used with LensHooke Semen Test Cassette is an optical device for
human semen analysis which provides direct and calculated quantitative measurements for:

(1) Sperm concentration (10^6 per ml)
(2) Total motility (PR+NP, %)
- Progressive motility (%)
- Non-Progressive motility (%)
(3) Sperm morphology (normal forms, %)
(4) pH value

The LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer does not provide a comprehensive evaluation of a male’s fertility
status. It is an in-vitro diagnostic system intended for human semen analysis of individuals in healthcare professional
setting to evaluate male fertility.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K202089

Device Name
LensHooke X1 PRO SE Semen Quality Analyzer


Indications for Use (Describe)

The LensHooke X1 PRO SE Semen Quality Analyzer used with LensHooke Semen Test Cassette is an optical device for
human semen analysis which provides direct and calculated quantitative measurements for:

-Sperm concentration (10^6 per ml)
-Total motility (PR+NP, %)
-Sperm morphology (normal forms, %)
-pH value

The LensHooke X1 PRO SE Semen Quality Analyzer does not provide a comprehensive evaluation of a male’s fertility
status. It is a self-testing, in-vitro diagnostic system intended for human semen analysis of individuals at home to evaluate
male fertility. The systems are intended for single person use only and should not be shared.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(K) SUMMARY

 This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance
 with the requirements of SMDA l990 and 21 CFR §807.92.

 The assigned 510(k) number is:

1   Submitter's Identification:

    1.1 BonrayBio Co., Ltd.
          4F., No.118, Gongye 9th Rd., Dali Dist., Taichung City 41280, Taiwan(R.O.C)
        Contact Person: Clare Huang
        TEL: +886-4-24912385
        FAX: +886-4-24912885

    1.2 c/o IVDD Regulatory Consultant
       29122 Rancho Viejo Road, Suite 212, San Juan Capistrano, CA 92675
        Contact Person: Feng-Yu Lee
        TEL: 1-949-218-0929
        FAX: 1-949-218-0928

    1.3 Date Summary Prepared: July 17th, 2020

 2 Name of the device:

    LensHooke Semen Test Cassette
    LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer
    LensHooke X1 PRO SE Semen Quality Analyze

 3 Common or Usual Name: Semen Analysis Device
        Product Code          Classification      Regulation Section          Panel
           POV;                                                                Hematology      Semen Analysis           Class II         21 CFR 864.5220                                                                   80           Device

 4   Device Description
    Semen Quality Analyzer integrates optical design and image analysis and combined with
       artificial intelligence image processing method, to fully automated analysis of semen quality
      including semen pH, sperm concentration and motility. The images are captured and recorded
     by cameras and with image processing methods, the locations of sperms are detected. The
     sperm concentration is analyzed by the sperm unit density; the sperm motility is calculated by
      tracing sperm trajectories and the sperm morphology is calculated by comparing head and tail
     percentage. Through camera, the chromatographic image of pH is captured and with image
      saturation and brightness analysis, the level of pH is determined.


                                 Sec 8-1  (Rev. 2020/09/23)

Product Information
4.1  For Over-the-Counter Setting:
     LensHooke X1 PRO SE Semen System, consist of the following devices:
     LensHooke X1 PRO SE Semen Quality Analyzer
     LensHooke Semen Test Cassette
     LensHooke X QC Beads (For Semen)
     LensHooke X QC Reticle (For Semen)
     C-KUP Liquefaction Test Cup
     LensHooke Cleaning Wipe

     The LensHooke X1 PRO SE Semen Quality Analyzer and LensHooke Semen Test Cassette
     are manufactured by Bonraybio.

4.2  For Point-of-Care Professional Setting:
     LensHooke X1 PRO Semen System, consist of the following devices:
     LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer
     LensHooke Semen Test Cassette
     LensHooke X QC Beads (For Semen)
     LensHooke X QC Reticle (For Semen)
     C-KUP Liquefaction Test Cup
     LensHooke Cleaning Wipe

     The LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer and LensHooke Semen Test Cassette are
     manufactured by Bonraybio.

4.3  Consumables Description
     LensHooke Semen Test Cassette
     LensHooke Semen Test Cassette is a well-designed microscopic slide for the optical
      analyzer, LensHooke Semen Quality Analyzer. Top and bottom plastic case and pH paper
     are the components of LensHooke Semen Test Cassette. There are two polished
     windows which analyzed concentration, motility and morphology of the semen and the
    pH of semen respectively.

     LensHooke X QC Beads (For Semen)
     LensHooke X QC Beads is the quality control material for semen analysis. The LensHooke
     X QC Beads (For Semen) are supplied as three different levels of control and it has been
     developed as a tool to assess the accuracy and precision of sperm counting and pH test
     methods by providing a known target value and +/- range.

     LensHooke X QC Reticle (For Semen)
     LensHooke X QC Beads is the quality control material for semen analysis. The LensHooke
     X QC Reticle (For Semen) are supplied as three different levels of control and it has been
     developed as a tool to assess the accuracy and precision of sperm counting method by
      providing a known target value and +/- range.

                            Sec 8-2  (Rev. 2020/09/23)

C-KUP Liquefaction Test Cup
        C-KUP Liquefaction Test Cup is used to collecting semen samples to liquefaction and
        volume testing. Collected semen samples are applicable for semen quality analysis. Cup,
        cup cover and drip cover are the components of C-KUP Liquefaction Test Cup. The VStick on cup cover is used to check the liquefaction’s status. The Scale on cup is used to
         check the volume of the semen sample.

        LensHooke Cleaning Wipe
        LensHooke Cleaning Wipe is a plastic stick with lens cotton. Using LensHooke Cleaning
        Wipe to clean the Test Cassette Insert Slot of LensHooke Semen Quality Analyzer. This is
         the cleaning and maintenance procedures usually used for microscopic analyzers.

5  Indications for Use
    5.1  For Over-the-Counter Setting:
        The LensHooke X1 PRO SE Semen Quality Analyzer used with LensHooke Semen Test
          Cassette is an optical device for human semen analysis which provides direct and
          calculated quantitative measurements for:

        -Sperm concentration (10^6 per ml)
          -Total motility (PR+NP, %)
        -Sperm morphology (normal forms, %)
        -pH value

        The LensHooke X1 PRO SE Semen Quality Analyzer does not provide a comprehensive
          evaluation of a male’s fertility status. It is a self-testing, in-vitro diagnostic system
         intended for human semen analysis of individuals at home to evaluate male fertility. The
         systems are intended for single person use only and should not be shared.

    5.2  For Point-of-Care Professional Setting:
        The LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer used with LensHooke Semen Test
          Cassette is an optical device for human semen analysis which provides direct and
          calculated quantitative measurements for:

           (1) Sperm concentration (10^6 per ml)
           (2) Total motility (PR+NP, %)
                  - Progressive motility (%)
                  - Non-Progressive motility (%)
           (3) Sperm morphology (normal forms, %)
           (4) pH value

        The LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer does not provide a comprehensive
          evaluation of a male’s fertility status. It is an in-vitro diagnostic system intended for
       human semen analysis of individuals in healthcare professional setting to evaluate male
             fertility.

                               Sec 8-3  (Rev. 2020/09/23)

6  Predicate Device Information

    LensHooke X1 PRO and X1 PRO SE Semen Quality Analyzer are substantially equivalent to：
    LensHooke X1 PRO and X1 Semen Quality Analyzer
     Device Company: Bonraybio Co., LTD.
     510(k) Number: k180343

  7 Comparison to Predicate Device:

     7.1 LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer:
                          LensHooke X1 PRO                     LensHooke X1 PRO
Product Name           Semen Quality Analyzer               Semen Quality Analyzer
                             (Candidate Device)                         (Predicate Device)
                The LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality
                  Analyzer used with LensHooke Semen Test
                  Cassette is an optical device for human
              semen analysis which provides direct and
                   calculated quantitative measurements for:

                     (1) Sperm concentration (10^6 per ml)
                     (2) Total motility (PR+NP, %)
                          - Progressive motility (%)
                          - Non-Progressive motility (%)
                     (3) Sperm morphology (normal forms, %)                 Same Intended Use
                     (4) pH value

                The LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality
                  Analyzer does not provide a comprehensive
                  evaluation of a male’s fertility status. It is an
                     in-vitro diagnostic system intended for
              human semen analysis of individuals in
                  healthcare professional setting to evaluate
                male fertility.

 Male Fertility                                      Yes                             Same    Factor
                 Desk-top unit consists of light sources, builtin video microscopy and an internal                                                             Same  Technology     computer containing algorithms for the
                 assessment of semen parameters.

 Transmission                                                   Same                           HDMI/USB   interface

                                  Sec 8-4  (Rev. 2020/09/23)

Same  Intended User               Point-of-Care professional
Compatible Semen
                                                                       CS0   Test Cassette                      CS0, CS1
     Model
 Control Material           X QC Beads, X QC Reticle                Quality control by blank cassette

       7.2 LensHooke X1 PRO SE Semen Quality Analyzer：
                            LensHooke X1 PRO SE                    LensHooke X1
   Product Name           Semen Quality Analyzer             Semen Quality Analyzer
                                (Candidate Device)                       (Predicate Device)
                    The LensHooke X1 PRO SE Semen Quality
                       Analyzer used with LensHooke Semen
                        Test Cassette is an optical device for
                  human semen analysis which provides
                          direct and calculated quantitative
                    measurements for:

                     -Sperm concentration (10^6 per ml)
                          -Total motility (PR+NP, %)
                     -Sperm morphology (normal forms, %)
                     -pH value                                     Same    Intended Use

                    The LensHooke X1 PRO SE Semen Quality
                       Analyzer does not provide a
                     comprehensive evaluation of a male’s
                               fertility status. It is a self-testing, in-vitro
                         diagnostic system intended for human
                   semen analysis of individuals at home to
                       evaluate male fertility. The systems are
                      intended for single person use only and
                      should not be shared.
 Male Fertility Factor                     Yes                            Same
                       Desk-top unit consists of light sources,
                            built-in video microscopy and an
                          internal computer containing algorithms               Same     Technology
                          for the assessment of semen
                       parameters.

Transmission interface             HDMI/USB                           Bluetooth/Wi-Fi
    Intended User                Over-the-Counter                       Same
  Compatible Semen                                      CS0, CS1                              CS0 Test Cassette Model
   Control Material           X QC Beads, X QC Reticle              Quality control by blank cassette

                                   Sec 8-5  (Rev. 2020/09/23)

8   Discussion of Non-Clinical Tests Performed for Determination of Substantial Equivalence is as
    follows：

     Verification and validation of test results were evaluated to establish the performance,
     functionality and reliability of LensHooke X1 PRO SE Semen Quality Analyzer and LensHooke X1
    PRO Semen Quality Analyzer. The evaluation included Repeatability, Reproducibility,
    LoB/LoD/LoQ and linearity, sample volume, operating conditions and stability.

9   Discussion of Clinical Tests Performed
    System Accuracy Study and Layuser Performance study
   The user performance study was performed to demonstrate that English speaking and reading
     lay users across all educational backgrounds can easily understand and follow the
    labeling/user instructions to obtain accurate results while using Candidate device. The study
   was also performed using Point-of-Care professionals or licensed registered nurses to obtain
   POC test findings. SQA-V Analyzer performed by POC personnel was used as a reference
    method. The study results demonstrate that the layperson user accuracy and ease of use (via
    participant questionnaire scoring) of Candidate device.

10 Conclusions

    Results of performance evaluation of LensHooke X1 PRO SE Semen Quality Analyzer and
    LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer demonstrate that the candidate devises are
    substantial equivalence to the predicate device, LensHooke X1 Semen Quality Analyzer and
    LensHooke X1 PRO Semen Quality Analyzer.


                               Sec 8-6  (Rev. 2020/09/23)