Aidoc Medical, Ltd.                                                           April 14, 2021
          J. Smith, M.D., J.D.
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street NW
WASHINGTON DC 20004

Re: K202992
    Trade/Device Name: BriefCase for RibFx Triage
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QFM
    Dated: March 1, 2021
    Received: March 1, 2021

Dear Dr. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K202992 - John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.                                                  Page    2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below
510(k) Number (if known)
K202992
Device Name
BriefCase for RibFx Triage
Indications for Use (Describe)
BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the analysis of chest
CTs (with or without contrast). The device is intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained medical
specialists in workflow triage by flagging and communication of suspect cases of three or more acute Rib fracture
(RibFx) pathologies.
BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and flag suspect cases on a standalone desktop
application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is presented with notifications for
suspect cases. Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only and
not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical image and is not
intended to be used as a diagnostic device.
The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on their
professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians are responsible for
viewing full images per the standard of care.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) OC Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including
the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and
complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human
Services Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.
FORMFDA3881(6/20) 2 t—*~<C*~<“‘is*~=i‘;*‘éiE OSS ingen OTE
014

510(k) Summary
                     Aidoc Medical, Ltd.'s BriefCase (K202992)

Submitter:

       Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
        3 Aminadav St.
        Tel-Aviv, Israel
       Phone:              +972-73-7946870

       Contact Person:        N. Epstein, Ph.D.

       Date Prepared:       March 1, 2021

Name of Device:             BriefCase for RibFx Triage

Classification Name:          Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
                             device

Regulatory Class:           Class  II

Product Code:          QFM (21 C.F.R. 892.2080)

Predicate Device:            BriefCase (K190072, for PE)


Device Description

BriefCase  is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device.       The
software system  is based on an algorithm programmed component and is comprised of a standard
off-the-shelf  operating  system,  the  Microsoft Windows  server 2012  64bit,  and  additional
applications, which include PostgreSQL, DICOM module and the BriefCase Image Processing
Application. The device consists of the following three modules: (1) Aidoc Hospital Server (AHS)
for image acquisition; (2) Aidoc Cloud Server (ACS) for image processing; and (3) Aidoc Worklist
Application for workflow integration, installed on the radiologist' desktop and provides the user
interface in which notifications from the BriefCase software are received.

DICOM  images  are  received, saved,  filtered and de-identified  before  processing.   Filtration
matches metadata  fields with keywords. Series are processed chronologically by running the
algorithms on each series to detect suspected cases. The software then flags suspect cases by
sending notifications to the Worklist desktop application, thereby prompting triage and prioritization
by the attending radiologist. As the BriefCase software platform harbors several triage algorithms,
the user may opt to filter out notifications by pathology, e.g., a chest radiologist may choose to filter
out notifications on LVO cases, and a neuro-radiologist would opt to divert PE notifications. Where
several medical centers are linked to a shared PACS, a user may read cases for a certain center
but not for another, and thus may opt to filter out notification by center. Activating the filter does
not impact the order in which notifications are presented in the Aidoc worklist application.

The Worklist Application displays the pop-up text notifications of new suspected studies when they
come in.  Notifications are in the form of a small pop-up containing patient name, accession number
and the relevant pathology (e.g., RibFx). A list of all incoming suspect cases is also displayed.
Hovering over a notification or a case in the worklist pops up a compressed, low-quality, grayscale,
unannotated image that is captioned "not for diagnostic use" and is displayed as a preview function.


                                                                         023

This compressed preview is meant for informational purposes only, does not contain any marking
of the findings, and  is not intended for primary diagnosis beyond notification.

Presenting the radiologist with notification facilitates earlier triage by prompting the user to assess
the relevant original images in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention earlier than
would have been the case in the standard of care practice alone.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

BriefCase  is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the
analysis of chest CTs (with or without contrast). The device is intended to assist hospital networks
and appropriately trained medical specialists in workflow triage by flagging and communication of
suspect cases of three or more acute Rib fracture (RibFx) pathologies.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and flag suspect cases on a
standalone desktop application  in parallel  to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation.
The  user  is presented  with notifications  for suspect cases.  Notifications include compressed
preview images that are meant for informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use
beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical image and  is not intended to
be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used  in conjunction with other patient information and
based on their professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified
clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The  subject  BriefCase  for  Rib Fracture  (RibFx)  triage and  predicate device  BriefCase  for
Pulmonary Embolism (PE) triage (K190072) are identical in all aspects and defer only with respect
to the training of the algorithm on RibFx and PE images, respectively.

Both devices are radiological computer-aided  triage and  notification software programs.   Both
devices are artificial intelligence deep-learning algorithms incorporated software packages for use
with DICOM  3.0 compliant CT scanners, PACS, and radiology workstations. Both devices are
intended to aid  in triage and prioritization of radiological images. The predicate device processes
CTPAs and  is indicated for PE triage, while the subject device processes chest images (with or
without contrast) and is indicated for RibFx triage. Both devices are intended to provide radiologists
with notifications and unannotated preview images of suspect studies for the purpose of triage.

Both software devices notify the attending radiologist of the availability of radiological images for
review based on computer aided image analysis. Both devices send notifications and low-quality
compressed previews to the radiology workstations' desktop. Both devices feature a notification
filter in the user interface. Notifications are for informational purpose only and are meant to prompt
the radiologist to start triage of a flagged case, upon which he may decide after observing the
unannotated, low quality preview on his desktop, to turn to the local PACS to perform evaluation
of the original series earlier than would have been the case without BriefCase.

Thus, the subject and  predicate BriefCase  raise the same types of safety and effectiveness
questions, namely, accurate detection of findings within the processed study.  It is important to note
that, like the predicate, the subject device does not remove cases from the standard of care reading
queue does not modify them and does not de-prioritize unflagged cases. Both devices operate  in
parallel with the standard of care, which remains the default option for all cases.


                                                                        024

A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.

                                 Table  1. Key feature comparison
                            Predicate Device                          Subject Device
                   Aidoc Briefcase for PE triage           Aidoc Briefcase for RibFx triage
                             (K190072)                                (K202992)
Intended Use    BriefCase  is a radiological computer aided    BriefCase  is a radiological computer aided
Indications for   triage and notification software indicated      triage and notification software indicated for
Use               for use in the analysis of non-enhanced      use in the analysis of chest CTs (with or
               head CT and CTPA images. The device is    without contrast). The device is intended to
                intended to assist hospital networks and      assist hospital networks and appropriately
                  trained radiologists in workflow triage by      trained medical specialists in workflow triage
                  flagging and communication of suspected    by flagging and communication of suspect
                   positive findings of Intracranial              cases of three or more acute Rib fracture
              Hemorrhage (ICH) and Pulmonary           (RibFx) pathologies.
               Embolism (PE) pathologies. For the PE
                 pathology, the software is only intended to    BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence
               be used on single-energy exams.             algorithm to analyze images and flag
                                                         suspect cases on a standalone desktop
                BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence        application in parallel to the ongoing
                 algorithm to analyze images and highlight    standard of care image interpretation. The
               cases with detected findings on a            user is presented with notifications for
                standalone desktop application  in parallel    suspect cases. Notifications
                    to the ongoing standard of care image        include compressed preview images that
                   interpretation. The user is presented with     are meant for informational purposes only
                   notifications for cases with suspected        and not intended for diagnostic use
                   findings. Notifications include compressed    beyond notification. The device does not
                preview images that are meant for              alter the original medical image and is not
                  informational purposes only and not          intended to be used as a diagnostic device.
                intended for diagnostic use beyond
                    notification. The device does not alter the    The results of BriefCase are intended to be
                    original medical image and is not intended    used in conjunction with other
                    to be used as a diagnostic device.             patient information and based on their
                                                                 professional judgment, to assist with
              The results of BriefCase are intended to be   triage/prioritization of medical images.
               used  in conjunction with other                  Notified clinicians are responsible for
                  patient information and based on             viewing full images per the standard of
                 professional judgment, to assist with          care.
                    triage/prioritization of medical images.
                   Notified clinicians are responsible for
                 viewing full images per the standard of
                  care.
User             Radiologist                                   Appropriately trained medical specialist
population
Anatomical      Chest                                   Chest
region of
interest


                                                                             025

Predicate Device                          Subject Device
                   Aidoc Briefcase for PE triage           Aidoc Briefcase for RibFx triage
                             (K190072)                                (K202992)
Inclusion/        Inclusion Criteria                               Inclusion criteria
Exclusion        CTPA protocols.                               -  Chest CTs (with or without contrast).
criteria              Single energy exams.                           -  Single energy exams.
                 Scans performed with 64-slice scanner    -  Scans performed with a 64 or greater
                     or greater number of detectors.            number of detectors.
                 Scans performed on adults/transitional     -  Scans performed on adults/transitional
                     adults   18 years of age.                     adults   18 years of age.
                      Slice thickness 0.5 - 3.0 mm axial.           -   Slice thickness; 0.5 - 5.0 mm axial.

                 Exclusion Criteria                            Exclusion Criteria
                        All studies that are technically                   All studies that are technically
                   inadequate, including studies with            inadequate, including studies with motion
                   motion artifacts, severe metal artifacts,         artifacts, severe metal artifacts, or
                    sub-optimal bolus or inadequate field of      inadequate field of view.
                    view.


Data         CTPA protocol                            Chest CTs (with or without contrast)
acquisition
protocol
View DICOM   DICOM Information about the patient,      DICOM Information about the patient, study
data            study and current image                   and current image
Segmentation   No; device does not mark, annotate, or       No; device does not mark, annotate, or
of region of      direct users' attention to a specific location    direct users' attention to a specific location
interest              in the original image                                    in the original image
Algorithm          Artificial intelligence algorithm with               Artificial intelligence algorithm with database
               database of images                            of images
Notification/Pri  Yes                                 Yes
oritization
Preview         Presentation of a low-quality, compressed,    Presentation of a low-quality, compressed,
images         grayscale preview image that is captioned    grayscale preview image that is captioned
                "Not for diagnostic use".                     "Not for diagnostic use".
Alteration of    No                                  No
original image
Removal of     No. The device operates in parallel with the   No. The device operates in parallel with the
cases from      standard of care, which remains the default   standard of care, which remains the default
worklist queue   option for all cases. Unflagged cases are     option for all cases. Unflagged cases are not
                  not de-prioritized.                                de-prioritized.
Structure        AHS module (image acquisition).         AHS module (image acquisition).
              ACS module (image processing).         ACS module (image processing).
                   Aidoc Worklist application for workflow       Aidoc Worklist application for workflow
                      integration (worklist and non-diagnostic       integration (worklist and non-diagnostic
                    basic Image Viewer).                         basic Image Viewer).


    Performance Data

     Pivotal Study Summary

     Performance data were collected on an entirely new data set of RibFx images in a retrospective,
     blinded, multicenter, multinational study. Cases and reports were selected that have not been


                                                                             026

previously reviewed using BriefCase software. No patient data were reused between the training
and the pivotal datasets. Ground truthing was performed by two radiologists with an additional third
radiologist to resolve inconsistencies.

Data was acquired consecutively, without differentiating between patient classes, thus including
all patient classes, i.e., ED, inpatients, and outpatients.

Primary Endpoint
The primary endpoint was to evaluate the software's performance in identifying three or more acute
rib fractures in chest CTs (with or without contrast), in 279 cases from 3 clinical study sites (2 in
the US, one OUS, 70.9% of the cases were collected from the US sites). There were 91 ground
truth positive cases (cases with 3 or more  rib fractures) and 188 ground truth negative cases
included in the analysis.

AUC was 0.976 (95%  Cl: 0.960, 0.991).  Sensitivity was 96.7% (95%  Cl: 90.6%, 99.4%) and
specificity was 90.4% (95%  Cl: 85.2%,  94.3%). Because the 95%  Cl lower bound  of AUC
exceeded 0.95 and sensitivity and specificity both exceeded 80%, the study's primary endpoints
were met.

Secondary Endpoint

Briefcase's  potential  clinical benefit of worklist prioritization for true positive RibFx cases was
evaluated by comparing the standard-of-care metric of time-to-exam-open to the software's timeto-notification  metric  for RibFx,  in  two US-based  study sites where  the  time-to-exam-open
information was available.

    The BriefCase time-to-notification includes the time  to get the DICOM exam, de-identify  it,
    upload  it to the cloud, analyze and send a notification on a suspected positive case back to
     the worklist application.
    The standard of care time-to-open-exam consists of the time from scan acquisition to when
     the radiologist first opened the exam for review.

The standard of care metric was compared  to the BriefCase time-to-notification  in the two USbased study sites for 67 True Positive cases (i.e., identified as positive both by the reviewers as
well as the BriefCase device), and the results are reported in the Table 2 below.

The standard of care time-to-exam-open (89.4 minutes: 95% Cl: 56.0-122.7; Median 66.0, IQR
50.7) was substantially longer than the parallel time-to-notification of the BriefCase device (4.2
minutes, 95% Cl: 3.9-4.5; Median 4.2, IQR 1.8).  The mean difference of 85.2 minutes (95% Cl:
51.8-118.6; Median  63.1, IQR  50.1)  for these two  metrics  is substantial and assuming the
radiologist receives a notification on a true positive RibFx case and acts on  it immediately,  it can
on average save more than one hour compared to the time-to-exam-open  in a first  in first out
(FIFO) reading queue. The difference value of 85.2 is based on the study of 67 cases from 2 study
sites and may vary in practice.


                                                                         027

Table 2. Time saving data


                         N              Lower       Upper                            Mean          Parameter                      Confidence  Confidence   Median    IQR                                  estimate                                                       Limit          Limit
    Time-to- exam-open  in                           67     89.4        56.0         122.7       66.0       50.7
      the standard of care
      Time-to-notification of                           67     4.2          3.9           4.5          4.2        1.8
        BriefCase RibFx
           Difference        67     85.2        51.8         118.6        63.1       50.1

NPV was 99.6% (95% Cl: 99.2%-100.0%) and PPV was 52.9% (95% Cl: 39.1%-62.1%).

Thus, the reported time savings data demonstrates that radiologists may have the opportunity to
be involved in the clinical workflow substantially earlier due to the notifications from the BriefCase
device. Performance validation data suggest that when using the subject BriefCase  for RibFx
triage, the radiologists may have the same benefit in time saving as with using the BriefCase for
PE triage.

Conclusions

The subject BriefCase for RibFx triage and the predicate BriefCase for PE triage devices are both
intended to aid in prioritization and triage of radiological images for the indications of rib fractures
and Pulmonary Embolism,  respectively.   Both  devices are  software packages  with  similar
technological  characteristics and  principles of operation,  both  incorporating deep learning Al
algorithms that process images, and software to send notifications and unannotated compressed
preview images to the radiologists' workstation. In both devices, the labeling states that the device
is not for diagnostic use and instructs the user to further evaluate and diagnose based only on the
original images in the local PACS.

Both devices operate  in parallel to the standard of care workflow  in the sense that they do not
change the original image, do not provide any marking on the output preview, and do not remove
images from the standard of care FIFO queue, thus not disturbing standard interpretation of the
images by the attending radiologists.  Both devices notify the radiologist of time-sensitive critical
cases within the range of several minutes, and thus contribute similarly to the standard of care
workflow turnaround time reduction through preemptive triage.

The BriefCase device for RibFx triage is thus substantially equivalent to the BriefCase for PE triage.


                                                                         028