Nines, Inc.                                                         February 25, 2021
℅ John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.
Regulatory Counsel
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 13th Street, NW
WASHINGTON DC 20004

Re: K202990
    Trade/Device Name: NinesMeasure
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: January 22, 2021
    Received: January 22, 2021

Dear Dr. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K202990 - John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.                                                      Page 2


803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form  Approved: OMB  No.  0910-0120
                        Food and Drug Administration                              Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                      See PRA Statement below

510(k) Number (if known)

K202990
Device Name

NinesMeasure
Indications for Use (Describe)


NinesMeasure is a semi-automatic tool indicated for use by trained radiologists to aid in the analysis and review of
adult thoracic CT images. NinesMeasure provides quantitative information about pulmonary nodule size on a single
study or over the time course of several thoracic studies by providing long and short axis diameter measurements in
the axial plane.

Based on analysis of DICOM images and provided input from a radiologist, indicating the location of the pulmonary
nodule, the device uses artificial intelligence algorithms to automatically perform the measurements, and allows the
axial measurements to be displayed and reviewed. NinesMeasure is limited for use on solid pulmonary nodules.

The device is intended to be used as a measurement tool by a trained radiologist and is limited to analysis of imaging
data and should not be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis. The device
does not alter the original medical image.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
          X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)        �Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department   of  Health  and  Human
                                           Services Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                             Page 1 of 1                                   PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF


                                                                                              016

510(k) SUMMARY
                                Nines, Inc.’s NinesMeasure
                                   K202990

Submitter:
              Nines, Inc
            329 Alma Street
              Palo Alto, CA 94301

Contact Person:

               Dr. Russell Stewart
             Phone: 650 924 6159
              russell@nines.com

Date Prepared: January 22, 2021

Name of Device: NinesMeasure

Classification Name: System, Image processing, Radiological

Regulatory Class: Class II

Product Code: LLZ

Predicate Device:  Philips Medical Systems Nederland  B.V.’s Lung Nodule Assessment and
Comparison Option (LNA) (K162484)

Device Description

NinesMeasure is a semi-automatic, diagnostic patient imaging tool used to measure the size of
selected pulmonary nodules in a radiological image. The software system is comprised of a set of
software modules  for performing image  analysis  at a  specified image  location  to  calculate
measurements of pulmonary nodules on adult thoracic CT images. The system operates over a
standard network interface and receives the DICOM images and coordinates of the pulmonary
nodule to measure. The system then returns the measurements  for the long and short axis
diameters for review by a trained radiologist.

NinesMeasure is designed to be used with a standard PACS, where the user can indicate a location
of the pulmonary nodule to measure, and then review and edit the measurements on the DICOM
image.

The image analysis uses  Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology to analyze chest CT images for
computing the measurements. Specifically, the device utilizes a machine learning (ML) algorithm to
compute segmentations of nodules, from which the long and short axis measurements are then
calculated.


                                                                                        023

Intended Use / Indications for Use

NinesMeasure is a semi-automatic tool indicated for use by trained radiologists to aid in the analysis
and review of adult thoracic CT images. NinesMeasure provides quantitative information about
pulmonary nodule size on a single study or over the time course of several thoracic studies by
providing long and short axis diameter measurements in the axial plane.

Based on analysis of DICOM images and provided input from a radiologist, indicating the location of
the pulmonary nodule, the device uses artificial intelligence algorithms to automatically perform the
measurements, and allows the axial measurements to be displayed and reviewed. NinesMeasure is
limited for use on solid pulmonary nodules.

The device is intended to be used as a measurement tool by a trained radiologist and is limited to
analysis of imaging data and should not be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or relied upon to
make or confirm a diagnosis. The device does not alter the original medical image.

Summary of Technological Characteristics

The NinesMeasure has similar technological characteristics as the predicate. Both devices utilize
image processing algorithms  that  calculate pulmonary nodule measurements and  return the
measurements to the workstation. Although the predicate is cleared for multiple features in addition
to pulmonary nodule measurements, these minor differences do not impact the safety of the subject
device.

A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate device is provided below.

                                   NinesMeasure             Philips Medical Systems’
                                    K202990           Lung Nodule Assessment and
                                                          Comparison Option
                                                                  (LNA)(K162484)
 Device Classification Name           System, Image                 System, Image
                                            processing,                       processing,
                                             Radiological                      Radiological

        Device Class                      Class II                         Class II
      Classification Panel                  Radiology                      Radiology
        Product Code                    LLZ                          LLZ, JAK
         Regulation                       Radiological                      Radiological
         Description                Image Processing              Image Processing
                                           Software                        Software

         Regulation                21 CFR 892.2050              21 CFR 892.2050
         Number                                              21 CFR 892.1750
      Indications for Use       NinesMeasure is a semi-        The Lung Nodule Assessment
                                 automatic tool indicated for use   and Comparison Option is
                              by trained radiologists to aid in    intended for use as a diagnostic
                                  the analysis and review of adult    patient-imaging tool. It is
                                    thoracic CT images.              intended for the review and
                             NinesMeasure provides           analysis of thoracic CT images,
                                     quantitative information about      providing quantitative and
                              pulmonary nodule size on a        characterizing information about


                                                                                        024

single study or over the time      nodules in the lung in a single
                               course of several thoracic          study, or over the time course of
                                   studies by providing long and      several thoracic studies.
                                   short axis diameter                Characterizations include
                            measurements in the axial         diameter, volume and volume
                                  plane.                           over time. The system
                                                                      automatically performs the
                            Based on analysis of DICOM     measurements, allowing lung
                             images and provided input from   nodules and measurements to
                            a radiologist, indicating the       be displayed.
                                    location of the pulmonary
                                 nodule, the device uses artificial
                                     intelligence algorithms to
                                   automatically perform the
                             measurements, and allows the
                                      axial measurements to be
                                 displayed and reviewed.
                             NinesMeasure is limited for use
                            on solid pulmonary nodules.

                           The device is intended to be
                             used as a measurement tool by
                            a trained radiologist and is
                                      limited to analysis of imaging
                                data and should not be used inlieu of full patient evaluation or
                                      relied upon to make or confirm a
                                   diagnosis. The device does not
                                         alter the original medical image.


User Population                  Radiologists                       Radiologists and Technologist
Technological Characteristics  Image processing algorithms     Image processing algorithms
                              computing pulmonary nodule     computing pulmonary nodule
                            measurements and returning     measurements and returning
                            computed measurements to the   computed measurements to the
                                   workstation.                       workstation.

Components                 Image processing algorithms for   -Image processing algorithms
                               nodule measurement              -Display, comparison, and risk
                                                                        calculations
Anatomical region of interest   Chest                         Chest
Features                          -long axis measurement           -long axis measurement
                                     -short axis measurement           -short axis measurement
                                  (perpendicular to long axis)        (perpendicular to long axis)
                                                            -Average/Max 3D/Effective
                                                                diameter (mm)
                                                           -Volume (mm3)
                                                       -Mean Densities (HU)
                                                              -Segmentation of lung airway,
                                                                 lungs and lung lobes
                                                                      -Single click lung nodule
                                                               segmentation
                                                               -Nodule Characteristics
                                                            -Comparison and matching
                                                                 -Automatic calculation of


                                                                                        025

doubling time, percent and
                                                                  absolute change of all numerical
                                                              parameters
                                                                   -Reporting results functions
                                                                       including dictation table, patient
                                                                        related information, LungRads,
                                                         and Risk Calculator
                                                                            -Printing option

Performance Testing

Nines performed software verification and validation testing that covers the performance of the
algorithms, as well as the performance of the software and  its components. In  all instances,
NinesMeasure functioned as intended and expected.

The algorithm performance was validated with a retrospective, multi-center image comparison study.
The study was performed to evaluate the NinesMeasure device and demonstrate the product’s
performance as a workflow tool for pulmonary nodule measurement consistent with the proposed
indications  for use. The  test dataset was  diverse, and  included 3  different major scanner
manufacturers, 7 different scanner models, 11 different clinical sites.

The primary endpoints of the algorithm are listed below:


        Primary Endpoint - All Nodules                          Result

        Normalized error on long axis diameter                   0.113
        [95% CI]                                                 [Upper Bound 0.124]

        Normalized error on short axis diameter                  0.131
        [95% CI]                                                 [Upper Bound 0.143]


The primary endpoint stratified by nodule size is listed below:

 Nodule size         Number of nodules   Normalized error on Normalized error on
                                         long  axis  diameter short axis diameter
                                         [95% CI]                                                             [95% CI]

 3-6 mm               100                    0.104  [Upper  Bound: 0.123  [Upper  Bound:
                                                   0.119]                   0.139]

 6-8 mm               63                     0.119  [Upper  Bound: 0.143  [Upper  Bound:
                                                   0.138]                   0.161]

 8-10 mm              46                      0.13   [Upper   Bound 0.133   [Upper  Bound
                                                   0.156]                   0.166]

The performance goals for the primary endpoints were met.

Based on the clinical performance as documented in the clinical study, the subject software has a
safety and effectiveness profile that is similar to the predicate device.


                                                                                        026

Conclusions

NinesMeasure has the same intended uses and similar indications, technological characteristics,
and principles of operation as its predicate device. The minor differences in indications do not alter
the intended use of the device and do not affect its safety and effectiveness when used as labeled.
In addition, the technological differences between NinesMeasure and its predicate device raise no
new issues of safety or effectiveness. Performance data demonstrate that NinesMeasure performs
as intended. Thus, NinesMeasure is substantially equivalent.


                                                                                        027