Mint Labs, Inc., d/b/a. QMENTA                                           June 16, 2021
℅ Paulo Rodrigues
CTO, Co-Founder
QMENTA Imaging S.L.
C/ Roger de Lluria 46, Pral. 1α 08009
Barcelona, Cataluna 08009
SPAIN

Re: K202718
    Trade/Device Name: QMENTA Care Platform Family
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: March 26, 2021
    Received: April 1, 2021

Dear Paulo Rodrigues:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K202718 - Paulo Rodrigues                                                             Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                          Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                 Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                   Indications for Use                          See PRA Statement below.

51 0(k) Number (if known)
K202718

Device Name
QMENT A Care Platform Family


Indications for Use (Describe)
QMENTA Care Platform Family is a software medical imaging system used to receive DICOM images and textual
reports, organize and store them in an internal format, and to make that information available across a network via web
and customized user interfaces. QMENTA Care Platform Family consists of two components:

1. A Storage/archiving server for the retrieval of DI COM images from CT and MR modality data, and also PET/CT data
from PACS and/or OS-based file storage.

2. A workflow server that allows to integrate legally marketed applications for clinical use into the QMENT A Care
Platform Family. The applications are geared toward specific types of image analysis and are marketed with
corresponding names.

The results may be saved to a DI COM image file and may be further visualized on an imaging workstation.

QMENT A Care Platform Family is designed to aid suitably qualified physicians, who will base their diagnoses on
training and protocols that do not necessarily rely on image maps or image quantifications.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                lZI Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
                   ''An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                            Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K202718


SECTION 5. 510(K) SUMMARY

Submitter:

         Mint Labs, Inc., d/b/a. QMENTA

        One International Place, Suite 3700 Boston,

          Massachusetts 02110,

          United States


       QMENTA Imaging S.L.

          C/ Roger de Llúria 46, Pral. 1ª

         08009 Barcelona, Spain

         Phone: +34 933 282 007

          Contact Person:

          Paulo Rodrigues - paulo @qmenta.com

         Phone: +34 933 282 007

         Date prepared: September, 09, 2020

Device:


         Trade/Proprietary Name:     Mint Labs, Inc., d/b/a. QMENTA - QMENTA Imaging S.L.

      Common Name:          QMENTA CARE PLATFORM FAMILY
                                         Picture archiving and communication systems to
          Classification Name:
                                     medical image management and processing system
                                 21 CFR 892.2050

          Classification Regulations:     Class II

        Product Code:                LLZ


        Review panel:                Radiology

        Performance standards:     None established under Food Drug and Cosmetic Act


Predicate device:

         The QMENTA Platform Product Family is one product with a predicate. The QMENTA

          Platform Family is a storage/archiving server for the retrieval of DICOM images from CT

         and MR modality data, and also PET/CT data from PACS and/or OS-based file storage; and

            also, a workflow server that may run image processing workflows on image studies. These

image processing workflows can be different “plugged in” modules from different

          manufacturers.


Predicate

 Characteristic        Predicate Device           Proposed Device          Explanation of
                                                                                 differences

Manufacturer   Blackford Analysis LTD       Mint   Labs,   Inc.,   d/b/a.                -
                                QMENTA - QMENTA Imaging
                                                        S.L.

Device Name    Blackford          Analysis  QMENTA   Care   Platform                -
                  Registration Product Family   Family

510(k)         K142337                 N/A                                                -
number

Device           Class II                        Class II                                             -
Classification

Regulation Nº   892.2050                  892.2050                                        -

Product Code    LLZ                         LLZ                                                 -

Indications for  The Blackford Registration  QMENTA   Care   Platform  The  devices  are
use:            Product Family consists of   Family is a software medical   highly  similar  in
              two components:           imaging  system  used  to   their   indications
                                               receive DICOM images and   for use since they
                   1. A Workflow Server that
                                                textual   reports,  organize  both focus on the
                  calculates       DICOM
                                      and   store  them   in  an   calculation      of
                  registration  objects  from
                                                 internal  format,  and  to  DICOM    objects
              CT and MR modality data,
                                   make   that   information  from CT and MR
              and also PET/CT data via
                                                 available across a network   modality data, and
                 using  the  CT  data  for
                                                  via web  and  customized   also PET/CT data.
                   registration.
                                            user  interfaces. QMENTA
                                                                   Both       devices                   2. A  localizer  tool  that  Care    Platform    Family
                                                                            include         a               works  across  studies,  or   consists       of      two
                                                                 Workflow   Server                  series  in the same study  components:
                 within a different frame of       1. A Storage/archiving  component,   that
                                                                     performs      the                 reference.                          server    for    the
                                                                 image  processing                                                             retrieval  of DICOM
              The  first intended clinical                                                                          operations  of the                                                images from CT and
                 use, when reading studies                                                       DICOM objects.                                MR modality  data,
                 of the above modalities, is
                                             and   also  PET/CT
                 to aid navigation through,                                 Blackford includes
                                                   data   from  PACS
              and          comparative                             a localizer tool to
                  interpretation  of, a target                               help   the   user

series  with  respect to a         and/or   OS-based   navigate  through
                source   series.  Normally,              file storage.            studies,  or  series
                the source series  will be       2. A workflow server   in the same study.
                 within a current study and           that    allows    to   Similarly, QMENTA
                the  target  series  will be           integrate      legally  Care  provides  a
                 within   a   prior   study.         marketed             storage      and
              However they may also be           applications      for   archiving    server
                 within the same study but             clinical use into the  where  the  user
               have a different frame of       QMENTA      Care  can       navigate
                 reference.          Aiding          Platform Family. The  through       the
                 navigation may include, but           applications     are   studies  or  series
                       is not limited to, indicating          geared     toward   within a study.
                corresponding  anatomical            specific   types   of
                  locations,    synchronized         image analysis and
                    scrolling,        matching          are marketed with
                 orientations       and/or          corresponding
                 reference      lines      in         names.
                reformatted   series  and
                  fusing two  images  from  The results may be saved to
                source and target series.     a DICOM image file and may
                                      be further visualized on an
              The second clinical use is to
                                          imaging workstation.
                 aid presentation of change
              between    cross-sectional
                               QMENTA   Care   Platform
                 radiographic   studies   to
                                           Family  is designed to aid
                     clinical   colleagues   and
                                                 suitably qualified physicians,
                  patients.
                                 who    will   base    their
                 Registration-aided           diagnoses on  training and
                  interpretation  of  images   protocols   that  do   not
                should be carried out by a   necessarily  rely on image
                  suitably qualified physician,  maps       or      image
            who    will   base    their   quantifications.
                diagnoses on training and
                 protocols   that  do  not
                  necessarily     rely    on
                  registration for navigation

Use Scenario    Registration-aided        QMENTA   Care   Platform  Not  a   clinically
                  interpretation  of  images   Family  is designed to  aid   significant
                should be carried out by a   suitably qualified physicians,   difference.
                  suitably qualified physician,  who    will   base    their
            who    will   base    their   diagnoses on  training and
                diagnoses on training and   protocols   that  do   not

protocols   that  do  not   necessarily  rely on image
                  necessarily     rely    on  maps       or      image
                  registration for navigation.    quantifications.

Technological    Multiple applications        Multiple Applications        Not  a   clinically
Characteristics  Hosts  and  manages  a   Additional legally marketed   significant
                  portfolio of Blackford® and   applications for clinical use   difference.
                Platform Partner products,  can be "plugged in" into the
                configured  and managed  QMENTA   Care   Platform
                    centrally,       supporting   Family. The applications are
              automated  or   triggered  geared toward specific types
                 processing   of   imaging   of image analysis and are
                  applications    and     AI  marketed             with
                 algorithms.                 corresponding names.

                  Flexible hosting and cloud   Flexible hosting and cloud  Not  a   clinically
              deployment              deployment                    significant
                   Flexible   hosting   allows  The  "plugged  in"  clinical   difference      –
                     clinical applications to be   applications are hosted on  hosted       using
                    locally hosted on VM or  VM  or Docker  containers.   resources  in  the
               Docker  containers.  Cloud   Studies   are   routed   to   cloud.
               deployment       enables   separate  resources  in the
                 studies  to be  routed  to   cloud, minimizing dataflow.
                separate  resource  in the
                 cloud, minimizing dataflow

                  Fully DICOM compliant       Fully DICOM compliant      Not  a   clinically
            DICOM   compliant   and  DICOM   image    studies   significant
                 integrated  with  DICOM   retrieved from PACS and/or   difference.
                modality    worklist    to  OS-based file storage. From
                 pre-fetch prior studies for  a  workflow   perspective,
                   analysis.               QMENTA Care can operate
                                             as a computing appliance
                                               that is capable of supporting
                                 DICOM file transfer for input
                                      and output of results.

                Configurable dataflow       Configurable dataflow       Not  a   clinically
                 Configurable     dataflow  QMENTA    Care     offers   significant
             management         offers   configurable       dataflow   difference.
                 multiple  adaptable  SCPs  management, where image
                 that    maximize    data   studies can be transferred
                 ingestion           speed,  from multiple SCPs into the
                customizable AE titles for   Storage/Archiving    server.
              manual   triggering,  and  Then   images   can   be

comprehensive     patient   automatically processed by
consolidation        from   the    configured   image
multiple sources.            processing applications, and
                                results can be automatically
                              transferred back to a third
                             party DICOM workstation or
                           PACS.

                    QMENTA PACS Nexus  is a
                             small application that runs
                       on a local workstation inside
                           the  hospital network and
                         automates   the   task   of
                             exporting  images  to  the
                    QMENTA Care Platform and
                               retrieving the results.


Relevancy Engine            Protocol Adherence Engine   Not  a   clinically
Relevancy         engine  The   protocol  adherence   significant
determines which studies   engine determines if studies   difference.
to   send   each   clinical   follow    the    configured
application  and   collates   requirements for a  clinical
descriptor knowledge from   application,   taking   into
all    deployments.       It  account         description
automates the process of  knowledge   and   image
matching  incoming  study  parameters   available   in
information    with    the  DICOM objects, e.g. number
appropriate    application,   of  timepoints,  consistent
processes  the  data, and   spacing, etc.
ensures results are quickly
sent  back  to  the  right
system.

Blackford         Curated  QMENTA         Software  Not  a   clinically
Marketplace™provides a  Development  Kit  provides   significant
vetted curated marketplace  the possibility of integrating   difference.
of   regulatory  approved   curated   legally  marketed
medical  imaging  analysis   third-party applications for
applications    and     AI   clinical  use  accessed  via
algorithms  accessed   via  QMENTA   Care   Platform
Blackford Platform.           Family.

Substantial equivalence to the predicate


The subject and predicate device are software programs for the management of multiple imaging
applications and AI algorithms, in one system in the cloud.
Both devices provide access to medical imaging analysis and  artificial intelligence algorithms
incorporated as software packages for use with DICOM objects from CT, MR modalities, and also
PET/CT data.
While the subject device’s indications for use differ slightly from the predicate device, both devices
are intended to simplify the deployment and management of medical imaging applications and AI
algorithms.
Both devices are intended for use by radiologists and other clinicians for the purpose of extracting
actionable information from radiological medical images.


Device description:

QMENTA Care Platform Family (QMENTA Care) is a software medical imaging system that runs on

standard computer hardware that may compute legally marketed applications for clinical use based

on DICOM images captured via MR, CT and PET modalities.

These actions include:

   ●   Retrieval of MR, CT and PET DICOM image studies from PACS and/or OS-based file storage

   ●  Computation of legally marketed applications for clinical use

   ●  Generation of reports summarizing the computations performed

The resulting output may be  provided in a standard DICOM format as additional MR series with

possible computed outputs (image overlays, numerical reports, and/or other results) that can be

displayed on third-party DICOM workstations and Picture Archive and Communications Systems

(PACS).

From a workflow perspective, QMENTA Care can operate as a computing appliance that is capable of

supporting DICOM file transfer for input and output of results.

The legally marketed applications for clinical use can be "plugged in" into the QMENTA Care

Platform Family. The applications may be geared toward specific types of image analysis and may be

marketed with corresponding names.


Indications for use

QMENTA Care Platform Family is a software medical imaging system used to receive DICOM images

and textual reports, organize and store them in an internal format, and to make that information

available across a network via web and customized user interfaces. QMENTA Care Platform Family

consists of two components:


    1.  A Storage/archiving server for the retrieval of DICOM images from CT and MR modality data,

      and also PET/CT data from PACS and/or OS-based file storage.


    2.  A workflow server that allows to integrate legally marketed applications for clinical use into

       the QMENTA Care Platform Family. The applications are geared toward specific types of

       image analysis and are marketed with corresponding names.


The results may be saved to a DICOM image file and may be further visualized on an imaging

workstation.


QMENTA Care Platform Family is designed to aid suitably qualified physicians, who will base their

diagnoses on  training and  protocols  that do not necessarily rely on image maps or image

quantifications.


Performance data

All product specifications were verified and validated. Testing was performed according to internal

company procedures.

Software testing and validation were conducted according to written test protocols established

before testing was conducted. Test results were reviewed by designated technical professionals

before software proceeded to release. Test results support the conclusion that actual device

performance satisfies the design intent.

Verification and validation testing was completed in compliance with the following standards and

guidance documents:

   ●  ISO 14971:2012, Medical devices – application of risk management to medical devices

   ●  AAMI ANSI IEC 62304:2006, Medical device software – Software life cycle processes

   ●  General Principles of Software Validation; Final Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff”

        (January, 2002)

   ●  AAMI ANSI IEC 62366:2007, Medical devices – Application of usability engineering to medical

        devices

The following quality assurance measures were applied to the QMENTA Care Platform Family

product:

       • Risk Analysis

       • Requirements Review

       • Design Reviews

       • Testing on unit level

       • Integration testing

       • Performance testing


Results from internal verification and validation testing performed in accordance with QMENTA

Imaging design control processes confirm that QMENTA Care Platform Family product specifications

have been met.  Testing described  in  this 510(k) consists of verification of  all design input

requirements and product specifications. All clinical input requirements were validated. Supporting

documentation  is included  in  this 510(k) Premarket Notification and supports the claims of

substantial equivalence to the predicate device. Cybersecurity is also addressed in this submission.

The subject of this submission, QMENTA Care Platform Family, did not require animal testing,

biological testing, sterility testing, electrical safety testing or electromagnetic compatibility testing.

The subject of this premarket submission, QMENTA Care Platform Family, did not require clinical

studies to support substantial equivalence.

The QMENTA Care Platform Family risk analysis was completed and risk control measures were

implemented to mitigate unacceptable hazards.

Additionally, usability testing was performed as part of the HFE/Usability Validation process including

a minimum of 15 participants. All the participants were selected to reflect the intended use

population categories.


Conclusions:

By  virtue  of  its intended use and  physical and technological characteristics, QMENTA CARE

PLATFORM FAMILY® is substantially equivalent to a device that has been approved for marketing in

the United States.

The performance data shows that QMENTA CARE PLATFORM FAMILY® is as safe and effective as the

predicate device.