May 21, 2021

iRhythm Technologies, Inc.
Rey Jacinto
Sr. Manager, Regulatory Affairs
699 8th Street
San Francisco, California 94103


Re: K202527
    Trade/Device Name: Zio ECG Utilization Software (ZEUS) System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1425
    Regulation Name: Programmable Diagnostic Computer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: DQK, DSI, DXH
    Dated: August 31, 2020
    Received: September 1, 2020

Dear Rey Jacinto:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K202527 – Rey Jacinto                                                                Page 2


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                               Jennifer W. Shih -S

                                                 Jennifer Shih Kozen
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                Diagnostics and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K202527
Device Name
Zio® ECG Utilization Service (ZEUS) System
Indications for Use (Describe)
The device is intended to capture, analyze and report symptomatic and asymptomatic cardiac events and continuous
electrocardiogram information for long-term monitoring. After wear, ECG data from compatible monitoring devices is
processed and analyzed by the ZEUS System. A final report is generated on the beat-to-beat information from the entire
ECG recording. For the Zio AT service, the ZEUS System supports the capture and analysis of automatically-detected
arrhythmia event, as well as the analysis of uploaded patient-triggered events.
The ZEUS System is indicated for use on patients 18 years or older who may be asymptomatic or who may suffer from
transient symptoms such as palpitations, shortness of breath, dizziness, light-headedness, pre-syncope, syncope, fatigue,
or anxiety and patients who are asymptomatic. The reports are provided for review by the intended user to render a
diagnosis based on clinical judgment and experience. It is not intended for use on critical care patients.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Notification K

      General Information
       Applicant:
      iRhythm Technologies, Inc.
      699 8th Street, Suite 600
      San Francisco, CA 94103 USA
      Phone: 415-632-5700
       Fax: 415-632-5701
       Contact Person:


         Sr.          Regulatory Affairs
      Phone:
       Email:         @irhythmtech.com
      Date Prepared: August 31, 2020

      Device Information
      Trade Name:
      ZEUS System
      Generic/Common Name:
      Programmable diagnostic computer
        Classification Names:
      Programmable diagnostic computer [21CFR§870.1425]
      Arrhythmia detector and alarm (including ST-segment measurement and
       alarm)[21CFR§870.1025]
      Telephone electrographic transmitter and receiver [21CFR§870.2029]
       Regulatory Class:
       Class II (Special controls)
      Product Codes:
      DQK, Computer, Diagnostic, Programmable
        DSI, Detector and Alarm, Arrhythmia
      DXH, Transmitters and Receivers, Electrocardiographic, Telephone


K202527                                     iRhythm Technologies, Inc.                               Page 1 of 5

III.    Predicate Devices
      The following predicate device has been selected:

         iRhythm Technologies, Inc. Zio® ECG Utilization Software (ZEUS) System [K190593]

IV.     Indications for Use
      The Indications for Use statement for the ZEUS System is as follows:

            The device is intended to capture, analyze and report symptomatic and
             asymptomatic cardiac events and continuous electrocardiogram information for
             long-term monitoring. After wear, ECG data from compatible monitoring devices
                   is processed and analyzed by the ZEUS System. A final report is generated on the
              beat-to-beat information from the entire ECG recording. For the Zio AT service,
             the ZEUS System supports the capture and analysis of automatically-detected
             arrhythmia events, as well as the analysis of uploaded patient-triggered events.

            The ZEUS System is indicated for use on patients 18 years or older who may be
             asymptomatic or who may suffer from transient symptoms such as palpitations,
              shortness of breath, dizziness, light-headedness, pre-syncope, syncope, fatigue,
              or anxiety and patients who are asymptomatic. The reports are provided for
             review by the intended user to render a diagnosis based on clinical judgment and
              experience. It is not intended for use on critical care patients.

V.     Device Description
      The Zio® Service consists of single-patient-use monitoring devices and the Zio ECG
        Utilization Software (ZEUS) System, the subject device of this submission, for analysis
      and reporting of cardiac information derived from ECG data. The ZEUS System is a
       software system consisting of a collection of software modules designed to store and
       analyze data from compatible cardiac monitoring devices to curate a report of
       preliminary findings intended for use by clinicians as an aid in arrhythmia diagnosis and
      management. The ECG Analysis Software of the ZEUS System is used by Certified
       Cardiographic Technicians (CCTs) prior to publishing the reported cardiac information in
       the Final Report and is not utilized directly by the prescribing clinician or patient. The
       reported cardiac information includes beats, ectopic runs, ECG segments, rhythms, and
       heart rate measurements. Recorded ECG is processed by an automated ECG analysis
       platform; results are quality reviewed by CCTs, findings and associated ECG are captured
        in a report provided to clinicians via a secure website. For the Zio® AT Patch/Gateway,
       the ZEUS System provides capabilities to automatically detect clinically actionable
       arrhythmia during the monitoring period, as well as receive baseline, scheduled,
      symptomatic and asymptomatic transmissions.


K202527                                     iRhythm Technologies, Inc.                               Page 2 of 5

VI.    Comparison of Technological Characteristics with Predicate Devices (Substantial
       Equivalence)
      The proposed indications for use statement for the ZEUS System are identical to the
       indications for use in the predicate device. The differences in the technological
        characteristics, namely the introduction of ECG segment detection, between the devices
       are substantially equivalent as the fundamental scientific technology and intended use is
      unchanged. Thus, the ZEUS System is considered substantially equivalent to the
       predicate device.

     A comparison table outlining the differences and similarities between the subject device
      and the predicate device is provided in Table 1.

       Table 1. Substantial Equivalence Summary Table
        Feature                  Subject Device:              Predicate Device:
                            ZEUS System             ZEUS System
                                  (K          )                 (K190593)
                                   General Characteristics
         Classification           Same                         Class II (Special controls)
                                                       21CFR870.1425
                                                       21CFR870.1025
                                                       21CFR870.2029
        Product Code          Same                 DQK
                                                             DSI
                                              DXH
        Patient Environment     Same                     Ambulatory
        Patient Population       Same                        Non-pediatric, non-critical
                                                              care patients
                                  Technological Characteristics
       Data Input            Same                            Digital long-term
                                                            continuous ECG
       Data Download         Same                      Yes
       Data Storage           Same                      Yes
       Rhythm Detection       ECGDL                 ECGML + ECGDL
        Algorithm + ECG Analysis
      ECG Segments         QT                     N/A
         Interoperability           Zio® XT Patch                 Zio XT Patch
                                  Zio® AT Patch                 Zio AT Patch
                                  Zio® Monitor


K202527                                     iRhythm Technologies, Inc.                               Page 3 of 5

VII.   Performance Data
       Safety and performance of the ZEUS System has been evaluated and verified in
       accordance with design specifications and to support a determination of substantial
       equivalence to the predicate device.

        Nonclinical testing summarized in Table  demonstrates that the ZEUS System is in
      conformance with FDA-recognized consensus standards and FDA guidance documents.

       Table   . FDA-Recognized Consensus Standards & Guidance Document Summary
      FDA #  Body           Number/Version      Title
        5-40   AAMI ANSI ISO  14971:2012(R)2010  Medical Devices – Application of risk
                                 (Corrected 4       management to medical devices
                              October 2017)
        13-79   IEC            62304 Edition 1.1    Medical device software - Software
                              2015-06                  life cycle processes
                           CONSOLIDATED
                            VERSION
        3-127  AAMI ANSI IEC   60601-2-47:2012    Medical Electrical Equipment -- Part
                                                        2-47: Particular Requirements For
                                               The Basic Safety And Essential
                                                 Performance Of Ambulatory
                                                        Electrocardiographic Systems
        3-118  AAMI ANSI      EC57:2012           Testing and reporting performance
                                                            results of cardiac rhythm and ST
                                              segment measurement algorithms
       N/A     U.S. FDA        October 2, 2014     Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff –
                                                  Content of Premarket Submissions
                                                            for Management of Cybersecurity in
                                                  Medical Devices
       N/A     U.S. FDA      May 5, 2005        Guidance for the Content of
                                                 Premarket Submissions for Software
                                                  Contained in Medical Devices

      The nonclinical verification and performance test results established that the device
      meets its design requirements and intended use, that the modifications to the cleared
       device are as safe and effective as the predicate. During the development, potential
       hazards were evaluated and controlled by the risk management activities, including
         risk analysis, risk mitigation, verification and benefit-risk analysis. The verification and
       system-level regression testing demonstrate that the device meets all its
        specifications.


K202527                                     iRhythm Technologies, Inc.                               Page 4 of 5

VIII.    Clinical Testing in Support of Substantial Equivalence Determination
     No clinical testing was performed in support of this premarket notification.

IX.    Conclusion
      The results confirm by examination and provision of objective evidence that the design
       output met the design input requirements. The results of the nonclinical testing
      performed demonstrate that the ZEUS System meets the requirements of established
      conformance standards and performance specifications necessary for its intended use
      and does not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness as compared to the
       predicate device. The ZEUS System is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


K202527                                     iRhythm Technologies, Inc.                               Page 5 of 5