U.S. FOOD & DRUG
             ADM IN    I  TRAT ION 1-4


Carestream Health, Inc.                                                          April 2, 2021
% Gina Maiolo
Sr. Manager Regulatory Affairs, Clearance & Surveillance
150 Verona Street
ROCHESTER NY 14608

Re: K202441
    Trade/Device Name:  Eclipse II with Smart Noise Cancellation
    Regulation Number:  21 CFR 892.1680
    Regulation Name:  Stationary x-ray system
    Regulatory Class:  Class II
    Product Code: MQB
    Dated:  February 16, 2021
    Received:  February 19, 2021

Dear Gina Maiolo:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm   identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device  is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA),  it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue
Silver Spring, MD  20993
www.fda.oov

K202441  - Gina Maiolo                                                                   Page  2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-informationlpostmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance)  and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn).  Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice)  for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE(a,fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041  or 301-796-7100).

                                                   Sincerely,


                                                                                                                                                                  '2

                                                      A
                                                                          For
                                                Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                                Director
                                              Division of Radiological Health
                                    OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                             and Radiological Health
                                                Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                              Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                            See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K202441

Device Name
Eclipse II with Smart Noise Cancellation


Indications for Use (Describe)
"The software performs digital enhancement ofa radiographic image generated by an x-ray device. The software can be
used to process adult and pediatric x-ray images. This excludes mammography applications."


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)     E  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                         CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                         Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

FORM FDA 3881 (6120)                             Page 1 of 1                                                      PSC PublisAing Servics (301) 443-6740   EF

K202441


                                 510(k) Summar


         510(k) Owner Name                    Carestream Health, Inc.


         510(k) Owner Address                  150 Verona Street
                                                   Rochester, New York 14608
         510(k) Owner Contact Information     Gina Maiolo
                                                Regulatory Affairs Manager
                                                      email: gina.maiolo@carestream.com
       Phone (Work)                          585.627.6543
       Phone (Mobile)                         516.395.0597
        Date Summary Prepared             March 30 2021


        Device Trade Name                      Eclipse 11 with Smart Noise Cancellation
        Device Common Name                    Solid State X-Ray Imager
        Device Class                             Class 11
       Product Code                MQB
        Regulation Number                     21 CFR 892.1680


        Regulation Description                   Stationary X-ray system
        Predicate Device                          Eclipse 11 510(k) K180809


Carestream Health, Inc. is submitting this Traditional 510(k) premarket notification for modifications to the
Eclipse II with Smart Noise Cancellation. Carestream believes that the modified device is substantially equivalent
to the cleared device (KI80809).


Indications for Use
"The software performs digital enhancement of a radiographic image generated by an x-ray device. The software
can be used to process adult and pediatric x-ray images. This excludes mammography applications."

Device Description
Eclipse software runs inside the ImageView product application software (also namely console software). The
Eclipse image processing software  II with Smart Noise Cancellation  is similar to the predicate Eclipse image
processing software (KI80809). Eclipse with Smart Noise Cancellation  is an optional feature  that enhances
projection  radiography  acquisitions  captured  from  digital  radiography  imaging  receptors  (Computed
Radiography (CR) and Direct Radiography (DR).  The modified software  is considered an extension of the


                                                                                                   Page 1 of 4

software  (it is not stand alone and is to be used only with the predicate device). The subject device supports the
Carestream DRX family of detectors, this includes all CR and DR detectors. The primary difference between the
predicate and the subject device  is the  addition of a Smart Noise Cancellation module. The Smart Noise
Cancellation module consists of a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) trained using clinical images with
added simulated noise to represent reduced signal-to-noise acquisitions. Eclipse with Smart Noise Cancellation
(modified device) incorporates enhanced noise reduction prior to executing Eclipse II image processing software.

Technological  Characteristics
Eclipse software enhances projection radiography acquisitions captured from digital radiography imaging receptors
(Computed Radiography (CR) and Direct Radiography (DR) which is the same as the predicate software KI80809.
The software was modified to include the support for Smart Noise Cancellation. This Smart Noise Cancellation
module consists of a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN),  trained using clinical images with added simulated
noise to represent reduced signal-to-noise  acquisitions. The main difference between the modified and predicate
device is the Smart Noise Cancellation module only. The comparison chart below demonstrates the similarities to
further support that the overall image processing architecture is the same between the predicate and modified device.

   *  Both the predicate and modified device is software designed for the enhancement of the raw images
        captured from the digital flat panel detectors (detectors have obtained separate clearances). The
       enhancement image processing intends to present an image with proper image quality attributes
         (brightness, latitude, overall contrast and detail, sharpness, and noise appearance) for the purpose of
        helping radiologists and physicians to make a diagnosis (same as the predicate).

    *  The difference in the modified software is the implementation of noise suppression prior to enhancement
        processing. The Smart Noise Cancellation operation passes the acquired preprocessed image through a
         specially trained Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based on a U-Net architecture to generate a 2D
      map of the estimated noise found in the image, identified in the document as a "Noise Field." This
       change does not raise new questions regarding safety and effectiveness.
        Risks were assessed in accordance to ISO 14971 and evaluated and reduced as far as possible with risk
        mitigations and mitigation evidence.

    *  The modifications to the ImageView software, (acquisition software for digital radiography systems) has
       been modified to enable/disable the Eclipse II with Smart Noise Cancellation. These user interface
       changes are described in detail in the Substantial Equivalence discussion and do not introduce new risks
        or raise new questions pertaining to safety and effectiveness.

   *  The difference in image processing paths between the predicate and modified device demonstrate that the
        noise level in images processed thru the modified software (Eclipse II with Smart Noise Cancellation)  is
         greatly reduced when compared with the image processed thru the predicate software, Eclipse II.


                                                                                                   Page 2 of 4

Summary of Non-Clinical Testin
There are two non-clinical testing reports to demonstrate substantial equivalence.

    *  The report for the Analysis of the Difference Images is the difference of the images processed with the
         investigational software (Eclipse II with Smart Noise Cancellation) and the predicate software (Eclipse
            II). The report focused on the analysis of the residual image artifacts. In conclusion, the images showed
      no substantial residual edge information within regions of interest.

   *  The report for the Ideal Observer Evaluation is based on simulated lesions on chest images. The
        evaluation demonstrated that detectability is preserved or improved with the investigational software for
           all supported detector types and exposure levels tested.

     A complete list of the supported detectors:
       *  DRX Plus 3543 & DRX Plus 4343 (K150766), DRX-L (GOS) (K19061  1)
       *  DRX Plus 3543C & DRX Plus 4343C (K153142), Lux 3543C (CsI) (K203159)
       *  DRX Plus 2530C (Kl83245)
       *   Carestream DRX-1 System w/DRX-1 Detector (K090318)
       *  DRX-1C (K120062), DRX 2530C (CsI) (K130464)


Summary of Clinical Testing
A clinical evaluation was performed by board certified radiologists.
The images were evaluated using a 5-point visual difference preference scale (-2 to +2) tied to diagnostic
confidence.  Additionally, the overall diagnostic capability of each image was evaluated using the 4-point RadLex
scale. The statistical test results and graphical summaries demonstrate that the investigational software delivers
diagnostic quality images that exceed the quality of the predicate software over a range of exams, detector types
and exposure levels.


Conclusion of Testin2
The software modifications do not significantly affect fundamental design, technology, device materials,
or packaging. Additionally, the investigational and predicate are substantially equivalent as a result of the
following:
   *  The performance of the investigational software is the same as or better than the predicate software.
   *  The differences within the software do not raise new or different questions of safety and
        effectiveness.
   *  The intended use for both the investigational and predicate software remain the same.


                                                                                                   Page 3 of 4

A comparison chart provides similarities and differences between the modified and predicate device.

                                                                                         Eclipse II with Smart                                          Eclipse II Predicate Device                                                                                       Noise Cancellation        Attribute                           (K180809)                                                                                  (K202441)
   Indications for Use     "The software performs digital enhancement of a        same
                             radiographic image generated by an x-ray device. The
                            software can be used to process adult and pediatric x-ray
                            images. This excludes mammography applications."


  Grid Suppression        Analysis for and removes grid frequencies from the     same
                            image.
  Image Segmentation     Image analysis that identifies the anatomy of interest    same
                         by detecting direct exposure and collimator blades.

   Recognition              Optional tech assist features on chest exams that        same
                            provide auto-orientation (head-up), identify clipped
                             lung bases and provide a CNR image quality metric.
  Parameter Prediction    Automatic determination of rendering parameters
                                                                        same                           based upon features extracted from histograms of the
                          image in support of (4) to (10) frequency bands.


  Enhanced              no                                                    yes
   Noise
   Reduction Support

  Rendering (frequency     (4) to (10) frequency bands.                        same
   decomposition and
  enhancement)


                                                                                                   Page 4 of 4