Oncospace, Inc.                                                   March 12, 2021
℅ Praveen Sinha
CEO
1812 Ashland Avenue, Suite 100k
BALTIMORE MD 21205

Re: K202284
    Trade/Device Name: Oncospace
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.5050
    Regulation Name: Medical charged-particle radiation therapy system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MUJ
    Dated: February 4, 2021
    Received: February 8, 2021

Dear Praveen Sinha:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K202284 - Praveen Sinha                                                          Page     2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                    Sincerely,


                                                                              For
                                                 Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                                   Director
                                                 Division of Radiological Health
                                     OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                              and Radiological Health
                                                  Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                               Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K202284
Device Name
Oncospace
Indications for Use (Describe)
Oncospace is used to configure and review radiotherapy treatment plans for a patient with malignant or benign disease in
the prostate, thoracic, pancreas, or head & neck regions. It allows for set up of radiotherapy treatment protocols,
association of a potential treatment plan with the protocol(s), submission of a dose prescription and achievable dosimetric
goals to a treatment planning system, and review of the treatment plan. It is intended for use by qualified, trained radiation
therapy professionals (such as medical physicists, oncologists, and dosimetrists). This device is for prescription use by
order of a physician.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

Device Name: Oncospace                                                                                510k: K202284


                                  510(k) Summary

   I.   SUBMITTER

 Oncospace, Inc.
 1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
 Baltimore, MD 21205 USA


 Phone: 608-239-6871
 Email: Praveen.sinha@oncospace.com


 Contact Person: Praveen Sinha
 Date Prepared: March 12, 2021


 II.   DEVICE

 Name of Device: Oncospace
 Common or Usual Name: System, Planning, Radiation Therapy Treatment
  Classification Name: Medical charged-particle radiation therapy system (21 CFR 892.5050)
 Regulatory Class: II
 Product Code: MUJ


III.   PREDICATE DEVICE

 RT Elements, K142108

 This predicate has been subject to three class 2 device recalls, one of which is still open (Z-1205-2019).


IV.   DEVICE DESCRIPTION

 The Oncospace software supports radiation oncologists and medical dosimetrists during radiotherapy
 treatment planning for prostate, thoracic, pancreas, and head & neck cases. The software includes
 machine learning algorithms that are locked during use. During treatment planning, the Oncospace
 software works in conjunction with, and does not replace, a treatment planning system (TPS).

 The Oncospace software is intended to augment the treatment planning process by:
     •   allowing the radiation oncologist to select and customize a treatment planning protocol that
         includes dose prescription (number of fractions, dose per fraction, dose normalization), a delivery
       method (beam type and geometry), and protocol-based dosimetric goals/objectives for treatment
          targets, and organs at risk (OAR);


    oncospace.com                                                                                                  1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
    info@oncospace.com                                                                                                                                             Baltimore, MD 21205 USA
  Oncospace, Baltimore, MD, USA                                                                                              1/4

Device Name: Oncospace                                                                                510k: K202284


    •   predicting dosimetric goals/objectives for OARs based on patient-specific anatomical geometry;
    •   automating the initiation of plan optimization on a TPS by supplying the dose prescription,
        delivery method, protocol-based target objectives, and predicted OAR objectives;
    •   providing a user interface for plan evaluation against protocol-based and predicted goals.

The central value proposition of the Oncospace software is as follows: In standard clinical practice, OAR
dose goals are set according to dosimetric criteria included in treatment planning protocols. These criteria
represent a consensus for a population of patients for whom the protocol is applicable. The actual
achievable dose levels for an individual patient are however dependent on the patient’s individual
anatomical geometry, such as the location of each OAR relative to the target volume(s), and size of the
target(s) and OARs. Achievable OAR dose levels may be lower than protocol goals, in which case
Oncospace can help ensure that opportunities for further OAR dose reduction are not missed; on the other
hand the protocol goals may be lower than achievable, in which case Oncospace can help prevent
inappropriately aggressive goals for one OAR from compromising both target dose coverage and
reduction of dose to other OARs. Furthermore, the setting of achievable dosimetric objectives at the
outset of plan optimization can help shorten the iterative process of objective adjustment typically
followed by the dosimetrist to bring the plan to a state suitable for review by the radiation oncologist.
Oncospace uses a database of approved treatment plans to derive individualized OAR dose goals, via
comparison of the current patient’s anatomical geometry to that for applicable patients in the database.

Diagnosis and treatment decisions occur prior to treatment planning and do not involve Oncospace.
Decisions involving Oncospace are restricted to setting of dosimetric goals for use during plan
optimization and plan evaluation. Human judgement continues to be applied in accepting these goals and
updating them as necessary during the iterative beam optimization process. Human judgement is also still
applied as in standard practice during plan quality assessment; the protocol-based OAR goals are used as
the primary means of plan assessment, with the role of the predicted goals being to provide additional
information as to whether dose to an OAR may be able to be further lowered.

When Oncospace is used in conjunction with a TPS, the user retains full control of the TPS, including
finalization of the treatment plan created for the patient. Oncospace also does not interface with the
treatment machines. The risk to patient safety is lower than a TPS since it only informs the treatment plan,
does not allow region of interest editing, does not make treatment decisions, and does not interface
directly with the treatment machine or any record and verify system.

Oncospace has been tested for use in prostate, thoracic, pancreas, and head & neck patient plans. In the
current software release, static machine learning models are used for prostate plan predictions, and
statistical/database lookup methods are used for thoracic, pancreas, and head & neck plan predictions.

The software is designed to be used in the context of all forms of intensity-modulated photon beam
radiotherapy. The planning objectives themselves are intended to be TPS-independent: these are instead
dependent on the degree of organ sparing possible given the beam modality and range of delivery
techniques for plans in the database. Oncospace includes a supporting interface with the Pinnacle TPS
using its scripting interface to facilitate streamlined transmission of DICOM files and plan parameters.


  oncospace.com                                                                                                  1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
  info@oncospace.com                                                                                                                                             Baltimore, MD 21205 USA
Oncospace, Baltimore, MD, USA                                                                                              2/4

Device Name: Oncospace                                                                                510k: K202284


 V.   INDICATIONS FOR USE

  Oncospace is used to configure and review radiotherapy treatment plans for a patient with malignant or
  benign disease in the prostate, thoracic, pancreas, or head & neck regions. It allows for set up of
  radiotherapy treatment protocols, association of a potential treatment plan with the protocol(s),
  submission of a dose prescription and achievable dosimetric goals to a treatment planning system, and
  review of the treatment plan. It is intended for use by qualified, trained radiation therapy professionals
  (such as medical physicists, oncologists, and dosimetrists). This device is for prescription use by order of
  a physician.

 VI.  COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE
     PREDICATE DEVICE

  Oncospace is a software-only medical device that performs the same functions in the predicate, RT
  Elements, device. The subject Oncospace device is similar to the predicate RT Elements device:
      •   Client-server platform
      •  DICOM-RT compliant
      •  Does not control or connect to radiation delivery devices
      •   Import treatment plans
      •   Evaluate treatment options
      •   Export plan information
      •  No restrictions on patient population

  The following differences exist between the subject and predicate devices:
      •  Oncospace includes a browser-based interface
      •   Export from Oncospace is for import into treatment planning systems

VII.  PERFORMANCE DATA

  The following verification and validation testing results (performance data) are provided in support of the
  substantial equivalence determination. Since this is a software-only medical device that does not control
  other devices the performance data do not include biocompatibility, electrical safety, electromagnetic
  compatibility, mechanical, acoustic, or animal testing.

  The verifications tests met all system requirements and acceptance criteria which address clinical,
  standard user interface, and cybersecurity requirements for the Oncospace device.

  The validation testing was performed using retrospective clinical data. The Oncospace device is meant to
  reduce the number of iterations necessary to achieve a clinically viable and deliverable radiation treatment
  plan. A retrospective set of traditionally planned radiation treatment plans for prostate, thoracic, pancreas,
  and head and neck cancers were used to compare the number of iterations necessary without using
  Oncospace (the number of iterations when the plan was originally approved were used) to the number of
   iterations to get to a clinically viable and deliverable plan when using Oncospace as part of the treatment
  planning workflow. Out of all the plans tested, only one plan took more iterations (one more) using


      oncospace.com                                                                                                  1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
      info@oncospace.com                                                                                                                                             Baltimore, MD 21205 USA
   Oncospace, Baltimore, MD, USA                                                                                              3/4

Device Name: Oncospace                                                                                510k: K202284


   Oncospace versus using traditional radiation treatment planning clinical workflow, and the average
  number of iterations was reduced by almost two thirds using Oncospace.

   Conclusion

   Verification and validation (including performance testing) was conducted in accordance with FDA
   guidance recommendations to confirm the device design met all specifications, user needs, and was
   acceptable to qualified clinical users. Oncospace has passed all the tests and the provided testing results
   demonstrate safety and effectiveness. It is therefore concluded that Oncospace is substantially equivalent to
   the predicate device.

VIII.   CONCLUSIONS

  The subject Oncospace device is similar in intended use and functionality to the predicate RT Elements
   device. Oncospace has the same technological characteristics and features as the previously cleared
   device and does not raise new questions of safety or efficacy as demonstrated through the system design
   and testing.

   Non-clinical and clinical verification, validation, and performance testing was conducted to confirm the
   device design met user needs and specifications and was acceptable to qualified clinical and non-clinical
   users. Oncospace has passed the verification and validation tests and provided clinical performance
   testing results with a library clinical dataset in order to demonstrate safety or effectiveness. It is therefore
   concluded that the subject Oncospace device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


       oncospace.com                                                                                                  1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
       info@oncospace.com                                                                                                                                             Baltimore, MD 21205 USA
   Oncospace, Baltimore, MD, USA                                                                                              4/4