October 30, 2020

Whiterabbit.ai Inc.
℅ Mr. Jason Su
CTO and Co-founder
3930 Freedom Cir., Ste 101
SANTA CLARA CA 95054

Re: K202013
    Trade/Device Name: WRDensity by Whiterabbit.ai
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: September 29, 2020
    Received: September 30, 2020

Dear Mr. Su:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K202013 – Mr. Jason Su                                                               Page 2


801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K202013
Device Name
WRDensity by Whiterabbit.ai
Indications for Use (Describe)
WRDensity is a software application intended for use with compatible full field digital mammography and digital breast
tomosynthesis systems. WRDensity provides an ACR BI-RADS 5th Edition breast density category to aid interpreting
physicians in the assessment of breast tissue composition. WRDensity produces adjunctive information. It is not a
diagnostic aid.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) {_] Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

Section 5. 510(k) Summary

5.1  General Information                                              K202013

    510(k) Sponsor           Whiterabbit AI Inc.
   Address               3930 Freedom Cir., Ste 101
                             Santa Clara, CA 95054
   Correspondence         Jason Su
   Person
   Contact Information     914-275-1097
                              jason@whiterabbit.ai
   Date Prepared           October 29, 2020

5.2  Subject Device

    Proprietary Name      WRDensity by Whiterabbit.ai
  Common Name         WRDensity
    Classification Name     Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
   Regulation Number     21 CFR 892.2050
   Product Code         QIH
   Regulatory Class            II

5.3  Predicate Device

    Proprietary Name        Densitas densityai
   Premarket Notification  K192973
    Classification Name      System, Image Processing, Radiological
   Regulation Number     21 CFR 892.2050
   Product Code         LLZ
   Regulatory Class            II

5.4  Device Description

    WRDensity  is  a  standalone  software  application  that  automatically  analyzes  “for
     presentation” data from digital breast x-ray systems with a deep learning algorithm to assess
     breast tissue composition. WRDensity primarily generates two outputs for an exam, the
    Breast Density Level (BDL) and the Breast Density Level Probabilities (BDLP).


Whiterabbit.ai Inc., Traditional 510(k) – WRDensity

The Breast Density Level is a categorical breast density assessment in accordance with the
    American College of Radiology (ACR) Breast Imaging Reporting and Data System
   (BI-RADS®) Atlas 5th Edition breast density categories “A” through “D”. The BDL is the
    primary output of WRDensity.

    The Breast Density Level Probabilities are the probabilities calculated by WRDensity for
    each of the four density categories. The BDLP is a secondary output that provides more
    information about the breast density of an exam and the device’s confidence level.

    WRDensity takes in images via a Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine
   (DICOM) transfer from the facility’s mammography imaging system, Picture Archive and
    Communication Server (PACS),  or DICOM router. After analysis, WRDensity sends
    outputs to be stored in the PACS and Radiology Information System (RIS). These outputs
    can then be reviewed by the radiologist on the mammography workstation as a DICOM
    Secondary Capture Image, a DICOM Structured Report, and in the RIS. These outputs can
    be configured to match user preferences.


5.5  Indications for Use

    WRDensity is a software application intended for use with compatible full-field digital
   mammography and digital breast tomosynthesis systems. WRDensity provides an ACR
   BI-RADS  5th  Edition  breast  density  category  to  aid  interpreting physicians  in  the
    assessment of breast tissue composition. WRDensity produces adjunctive information. It is
    not a diagnostic aid.

5.6 Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

    Table 5.1 Predicate Device Table
                                 Subject Device                Predicate Device
                              WRDensity                   densityai (K192973)

         Classification     Automated Radiological Image     System, Image Processing,
         Name              Processing Software                 Radiological

       Product Code             QIH                    LLZ

         Regulation                892.2050                      892.2050
        Number
         Regulation            Picture archiving and              Picture archiving and
         Description          communication system          communication system


Whiterabbit.ai Inc., Traditional 510(k) – WRDensity

Table 5.2 Indications and Technological Characteristics Comparison
                             Subject Device                  Predicate Device
                           WRDensity                     densityai (K192973)


       Indications for   WRDensity is a software           Densitas densityai™ is a software
          Use         application intended for use with    application intended for use with
                      compatible full field digital         compatible full field digital
                  mammography and digital breast   mammography and digital breast
                      tomosynthesis systems.            tomosynthesis systems. Densitas
                   WRDensity provides an ACR      densityai™ provides an ACR
                 BI-RADS Atlas 5th Edition breast  BI-RADS Atlas 5th Edition breast
                        density category to aid              density category to aid interpreting
                         interpreting physicians in the       physicians in the assessment of
                      assessment of breast tissue          breast tissue composition. Densitas
                       composition. WRDensity          densityai™ produces adjunctive
                      produces adjunctive information.    information. It is not a diagnostic
                                It is not a diagnostic aid.             aid.
         Patient      Symptomatic and                Symptomatic and
       Population    asymptomatic women             asymptomatic women
                      undergoing                      undergoing
                  mammography                mammography
      End Users     Interpreting Physicians              Interpreting Physicians

     Image Source  FFDM                FFDM
        Modalities    Hologic Selenia Dimensions       Hologic Selenia Dimensions
                     Hologic Lorad Selenia            Hologic Lorad Selenia
                                     GE Senographe Essential
                      Synthetic 2D              GE Senographe Pristina
                     Hologic C-View                 Siemens MAMMOMAT
                                                                  Inspiration
                                                   Siemens MAMMOMAT Novation
                                      DR
                                                   Siemens MAMMOMAT Fusion
                                                   Siemens MAMMOMAT
                                                                  Inspiration Prime
                                                   Siemens MAMMOMAT
                                                            Revelation


Whiterabbit.ai Inc., Traditional 510(k) – WRDensity

Synthetic 2D
                                                     Hologic C-View

      Input: Image  DICOM digital mammography   DICOM digital mammography
     Data Format   images – For Presentation; RCC,   images – For Presentation; RCC,
                  LCC, RMLO, LMLO           LCC, RMLO, LMLO
      Output Data   BIRADS 5th Ed.             BIRADS 5th Ed.
                     For each patient:                 For each patient:
                        Whiterabbit.ai WRDensity Breast   Densitas densityai™ breast density
                      Density Level, and Breast Density  grade
                      Level Probability


     Measurement   4-category breast density scale      4-category breast density scale
          Scale      from 5th Ed. ACR BI-RADS      from 5th Ed. ACR BI-RADS Atlas
                       Atlas 2013                     2013
     Output Device  Mammography Workstation,      Mammography Workstation,
                  PACS, RIS                   PACS, RIS
        Output    DICOM Structured           DICOM Structured
       Format      Report and Secondary             Report and Secondary
                      Capture                          Capture

                      Text labels presented in a
                          radiologist’s PACS
                     and RIS patient worklist.

      Deployment    Virtual Machine Software          Standalone computer

      Assessment    Results per exam                   Results per exam
         Scope
      Assessment    Image feature-based with deep     Image feature-based
        Type        learning
      Anatomical    Breast                             Breast
        Location

5.7 Performance Data

    Safety and performance of WRDensity have been evaluated and verified in accordance with
    software specifications and applicable performance standards through software verification
    and  validation  testing.  Additionally, software validation  activities were performed in


Whiterabbit.ai Inc., Traditional 510(k) – WRDensity

accordance with IEC 62304:2006/AC:2015 - Medical device software – Software life cycle
     processes, in addition to the FDA guidance document, “Guidance for the Content of
    Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.”

    The  validation  testing evaluated  the performance of WRDensity along a number of
    dimensions, including:
     ●  Performance was assessed by comparing the Breast Density Level output to the
            radiologist consensus using accuracy, quadratically-weighted Cohen’s kappa, and
          confusion matrices. Performance on the four-class task and binary task, i.e. dense
        (BI-RADS C+D) vs. non-dense (BI-RADS A+B) were both assessed.
     ●  Consistency was assessed by evaluating the agreement, in terms of percentage of
           cases, between the BDL for the mediolateral oblique (MLO) and craniocaudal (CC)
          views of the same breast.
     ●  Reproducibility was assessed using the maximum root mean square error across all
          images between the predicted probabilities produced from an initial processing run
         and those produced in a second processing run on the same testing data.

    The output of WRDensity was compared against a consensus of five expert radiologists
   who independently assessed breast density on a test dataset that represented all compatible
    modalities and patient populations. The test dataset comprised 871 exams from unique
     patients. On the four-class task, WRDensity achieved a quadratically-weighted Cohen’s
    kappa of 0.90, 95% confidence interval [0.88, 0.92]. A confusion matrix demonstrating the
     level of agreement between the BDL and the radiologist consensus for each BI-RADS
     breast density category can be found in Figure 1.


Whiterabbit.ai Inc., Traditional 510(k) – WRDensity

Figure   1: Confusion matrix comparing  the performance of WRDensity  against  the
     radiologist consensus assessment of breast density for the four-class BI-RADS breast
     density task. The number of exams within each bin is shown in parentheses.

   On the binary task, WRDensity achieved a Cohen’s kappa of 0.88, 95% confidence interval
     [0.85, 0.91]. The confusion matrix is presented in Figure 2.


Whiterabbit.ai Inc., Traditional 510(k) – WRDensity

Figure   2: Confusion matrix comparing  the performance of WRDensity  against  the
     radiologist consensus assessment of breast density for the binary breast density task, dense
   (BI-RADS C+D) vs. non-dense (BI-RADS A+B). The number of exams within each bin is
    shown in parentheses.


5.8  Conclusion

    Based on the information submitted in  this premarket  notification, and based on the
     indications for use, technological  characteristics, and performance  testing, WRDensity
     raises no new questions of safety or effectiveness and is substantially equivalent to the
     predicate device in terms of safety, efficacy, and performance.


Whiterabbit.ai Inc., Traditional 510(k) – WRDensity