December 22, 2020

AI Metrics, LLC
℅ Yujan Shrestha, M.D.
CTO
Innolitics, LLC
1101 West 34th Street #550
AUSTIN TX 78705

Re: K202229
    Trade/Device Name: AI Metrics
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: November 11, 2020
    Received: November 13, 2020

Dear Dr. Shrestha:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K202229 - Yujan Shrestha, M.D.                                                        Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K202229

Device Name
AI Metrics


Indications for Use (Describe)
AI Metrics is a software solution intended to be used for viewing, manipulation, communication, storage, annotation,
analysis, and comparison of medical images from multiple imaging modalities and/or multiple time points. The
application supports images and anatomical datasets, such as CT and MR. AI Metrics is a software only medical device to
be deployed via internet software download and installed by trained AI Metrics technicians.

AI Metrics enables visualization of information that would otherwise have to be visually compared disjointedly. AI
Metrics provides analytical and workflow automation tools to help the user assess and document the extent of a disease
and/or the response to therapy in accordance with user selected standards and assess changes in imaging findings over
multiple time-points. AI Metrics supports the interpretation and evaluation of examinations and follow up documentation
of findings within healthcare institutions, for example, in Radiology, Oncology, and other Medical Imaging environments.

The product is intended to be used as a workflow automation tool by trained medical professionals. It is intended to
provide image and related information that is interpreted by a trained professional but does not directly generate any
diagnosis or potential findings.

Note: The medical professional retains the ultimate responsibility for making the pertinent diagnosis based on their
standard practices. AI Metrics is a complement to these standard procedures. AI Metrics is not to be used in
mammography.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

432 Renaissance Dr. Hoover, AL 35226
                                                                      205-573-3332
                                                                   www.aimetrics.com


                                                                    K2022295. 510(k) Summary

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92, the following summary of information in the 510(k)
submission is provided.

5.1 Identification of the Submitter


 Submitter:           AI Metrics LLC
                  432 Renaissance Dr. Hoover, AL 35226
                   Phone: 205-573-3332
                     Website: www.aimetrics.com

 Primary Contact:     Dr. Andrew Smith, Founder
                      Email: andrew@aimetrics.com
                   Phone: (769) 610-6235

 Company Contact:   Bob Jacobus, COO
                      Email: bob@aimetrics.com
                   Phone: (205) 639-8618

 Date Prepared:      September 9, 2020


5.2 Identification of the product


 Trade Name:         AI Metrics

 Common Name:     Image Processing Software

 Classification:        Picture Archiving and Communications System per 21 CFR 892.2050

 Review Panel:       Radiology

 Device Class:        Class II

 Product Code:      LLZ


                                           5-1

432 Renaissance Dr. Hoover, AL 35226
                                                                      205-573-3332
                                                                   www.aimetrics.com

5.3 Predicate Device to which Equivalence is claimed


 Device Name:        mint Lesion

 Manufacturer:        Mint Medical GmbH Germany

 510(k) Number:     K142647

 Product Code:      LLZ

 Classification:         Picture Archiving and Communications System per 21 CFR 892.2050


5.4 Device Description

AI Metrics is a software based Picture Archiving and Communication System (PACS) used with
general purpose computing hardware for the display and visualization of medical image data. It
runs on either a native or a virtualized Linux platform. The application supports images and
anatomical datasets, such as CT and MR.

AI Metrics is designed as a workflow automation application with analytical tools to help the user
assess, categorize and document the extent of a disease and/or tumor response to therapy in
accordance with user selected standards (e.g. RECIST 1.1) and assess changes in imaging
findings over multiple time-points.

AI Metrics supports the interpretation and evaluation of examinations and follow up
documentation of findings within healthcare institutions, for example, in Radiology, Oncology,
and other Medical Imaging environments.

AI Metrics functionality provides for communication, storage, processing, rendering, and display
of DICOM compliant image data derived from various sources including anatomical datasets
(e.g. CT, MRI), navigation through images, selection of regions of interest, generation of
information from those regions, evaluation in accordance with user selected standards, and
generation of a structured report.

The user controls these functions with a system of interactive menus and semi-automated or
manual workflow automation tools, including:

   ●  Manual annotation tools for users to select regions of interest (ROIs),
   ●  Semi-automatic lesion segmentation suggestions for user-selected ROIs,
   ●  Automatic measurement and display of long and short axis of segmented lesions,
   ●  Automatic tabulation and summation of measurements,


                                           5-2

432 Renaissance Dr. Hoover, AL 35226
                                                                      205-573-3332
                                                                   www.aimetrics.com

   ●  Semi-automatic lesion labelling suggestions for anatomical location (organ, body region,
      and laterality),
   ●  Automatic calculation of quantitative and qualitative metrics using annotation data in
      accordance with the selected criteria, and
   ●  Automatic generation of a structured report that includes the annotation data and
       calculated quantitative and qualitative metrics presented in a graph, table, key images,
      and structured text report.

AI Metrics software has been extensively tested on Linux systems by members of the
development and quality control teams. A hazard analysis has been conducted and all risks
have been determined to be acceptable. The release candidate version of the software passed
all tests considered critical in terms of patient safety and demonstrated an overall acceptable
performance.

5.5 Intended Use

AI Metrics is a software solution intended to be used for viewing, manipulation, communication,
storage, annotation, analysis, and comparison of medical images from multiple imaging
modalities and/or multiple time points. The application supports images and anatomical
datasets, such as CT and MR. AI Metrics is a software only medical device to be deployed via
internet software download and installed by trained AI Metrics technicians.

AI Metrics enables visualization of information that would otherwise have to be visually
compared disjointedly. AI Metrics provides analytical and workflow automation tools to help the
user assess and document the extent of a disease and/or the response to therapy in
accordance with user selected standards and assess changes in imaging findings over multiple
time-points. AI Metrics supports the interpretation and evaluation of examinations and follow up
documentation of findings within healthcare institutions, for example, in Radiology, Oncology,
and other Medical Imaging environments.

The product is intended to be used as a workflow automation tool by trained medical
professionals. It is intended to provide image and related information that is interpreted by a
trained professional but does not directly generate any diagnosis or potential findings.

Note: The medical professional retains the ultimate responsibility for making the pertinent
diagnosis based on their standard practices. AI Metrics is a complement to these standard
procedures. AI Metrics is not to be used in mammography.


                                           5-3

432 Renaissance Dr. Hoover, AL 35226
                                                                      205-573-3332
                                                                   www.aimetrics.com

5.6 Substantial Equivalence Comparison to the Predicate Device

The following tables summarize the intended use and technological characteristics of AI Metrics
and the predicate device mint Lesion.


 Intended Use                                 Subject (AI Metrics)    Predicate (K142647)

 Thin client medical image viewer.              Yes.                 Yes.

 Software only medical device deployed within   Yes.                 Yes.
 a customer’s IT infrastructure or on virtualized
 server technology.

 Application supports anatomical datasets,      Yes.                 Yes. Also supports
 such as CT and MR.                                                      functional datasets.

 To be used for viewing, manipulation,          Yes.                 Yes.
 communication, storage, 3D-visualization and
 comparison of medical images from multiple
 imaging modalities and/or multiple time points.

 Provides tools to help the user assess and      Yes.                 Yes.
 document the extent of a disease and/or the
 response to therapy in accordance with user
 selected standards.

 Supports the interpretation and evaluation of    Yes.                 Yes. Includes
 examinations and follow up documentation of                         Nuclear Medicine
 findings within healthcare institutions, for                              environments.
 example, in Radiology, Oncology, and other
 Medical Imaging environments.

 The medical professional retains the ultimate    Yes.                 Yes.
 responsibility for making the pertinent
 diagnosis based on their standard practices.
 The software is a complement to these
 standard procedures.

 Not be used in mammography.                Yes.                 Yes.


                                           5-4

432 Renaissance Dr. Hoover, AL 35226
                                                                     205-573-3332
                                                                  www.aimetrics.com


Technological Characteristic               Subject (AI Metrics)      Mint Lesion (K142647)

                                     Design

Software-based Picture Archiving and      Yes.                   Yes.
Communication System (PACS) used with
general purpose computing hardware.

Operating system / Run environment      Windows 64 / native or   Linux / native or
                                                virtualized Microsoft      virtualized Linux
                                  Windows platform.       platform.

Software delivery method            CD ROM/DVD or         Internet software
                                                 internet.               download.

                              Features and Functionality

Image navigation tools (pan, zoom, scroll,   Yes.                   Yes.
window/level)

Measurement tools (linear, ROI, HU)       Yes.                   Yes.

Automatic long and short axis calculations  Yes.                   Yes.

User controls functions with a system of    Yes.                   Yes.
interactive menus and tools

Semi-automatic lesion segmentation tools  Yes.                   Yes.

Anatomical location labelling tools         Yes.                   Yes.

Display output of measurements and       Yes.                   Yes.
anatomical location information

Tabulation and summation of              Yes.                   Yes.
measurements, lesion categorization and
standard evaluation in accordance with
selected criteria


                                          5-5

432 Renaissance Dr. Hoover, AL 35226
                                                                      205-573-3332
                                                                   www.aimetrics.com


 Longitudinal lesion analysis               Yes.                   Yes.

 Image co-registration for viewing images    Yes.                   Yes.
 from different time points

 Report generation                       Yes.                   Yes.


AI Metrics has the same intended use as the predicate device. AI Metrics does not support
functional datasets such as PET. In addition to the shared indications for use in radiology and
oncology, the predicate device also includes indications for use in nuclear medicine
environments. AI Metrics does not support functional datasets and therefore does not have
indications for use in nuclear medicine environments. We believe these differences do not raise
different questions of safety and effectiveness.

AI Metrics and the predicate device are substantially equivalent in the categories of technical
characteristics and features. We believe the differences in operating systems and software
delivery methods do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness. The software
delivery method itself will undergo verification and validation activities to ensure it does not
adversely affect the safety and effectiveness of the device.

5.7 Summary of Studies

AI Metrics has successfully undergone extensive verification and validation testing to ensure
that all requirements for the software were met per FDA Guidance. The software design and
development process followed the ISO 62304 standard. The software was tested against the
established Software Design Specifications and passed all required tests. A Risk Management
Report was completed which identified and verified the mitigation of all required hazards in
compliance with ISO 14971 standard. Quality management systems follow the ISO 13485
standard. These results provide objective evidence that the outputs of the software design
activity meet all of the specified requirements for that activity.

5.9 Conclusion

AI Metrics has the same intended use and technological characteristics as the predicate device.
Any differences between AI Metrics and the predicate device do not raise different questions of
safety and effectiveness. The result of all testing conducted was found acceptable to support
the claim of substantial equivalence.


                                           5-6