MRIguidance B.V                                             December 22, 2021
℅ Suji Shetty
Executive Vice President
Maxis Medical
7052 Hollow Lake Way
San Jose, California 95120


Re: K202404
    Trade/Device Name: BoneMRI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: November 29, 2021
    Received: November 30, 2021

Dear Suji Shetty:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K202404 - Suji Shetty                                                                 Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K202404
Device Name
BoneMRI
Indications for Use (Describe)
BoneMRI is an image processing software that can be used for image enhancement in MRI images. It can be used to
visualize the bone structures in MRI images with enhanced contrast with respect to the surrounding soft tissue. It is to be
used in the pelvic region, which includes the boney anatomy of the sacrum, hip bones and femoral heads.
Warning: BoneMRI images are not intended to replace CT images and are not to be used for diagnosis or monitoring of
(primary or metastatic) tumors.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
oO Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

BoneMRI                                                                  Traditional 510(k) Notification


                         5.0    510(K) STATEMENT/SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance
with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CRF 807.92.

  510 (k) number: K202404

   I.     Applicant Information

  MRIguidance B.V.
  Gildstraat 91a
  3572 EL, Utrecht
  The Netherlands
  info@mriguidance.com
  www.mriguidance.com
  +31 854000810

  Contact Person
  Marijn van Stralen
  Chief Technology Officer
  MRIguidance B.V.
  Email: marijn@mriguidance.com
  Tel.: +31 610 505 649
  Date Prepared: December 22, 2021

  Official Correspondant
  Dr. Sujith Shetty
  Executive Vice President
  MAXIS LLC
  Email: sjshetty@maxismedical.com

   II.    Device Information

  Trade Name:            BoneMRI
 Common Name:        MRI image enhancement software
  Classification name:         Picture archiving and Communication system (21CRF892.2050)
  Regulatory Class:           Class II
  Product Code:           QIH


MRIGuidance B.V.                      CONFIDENTIAL                           P a g e | 1

BoneMRI                                                                  Traditional 510(k) Notification


   III.    Predicate Device

           Name            Manufacturer                      510(k)#

   SubtleMR                       Subtle Medical, Inc.               K191688


  This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall. No reference devices were used in
   this submission.


  IV.    Device Description

The BoneMRI application is a standalone image processing software application that analyses
3D gradient echo MRI scans acquired with a dedicated MRI scan protocol. From the analysis,
3D tomographic radiodensity contrast images, called BoneMRI images, are constructed.

The BoneMRI images can be used to visualize the bone structures in MR images with enhanced
contrast with respect to the surrounding soft tissue. The application is designed to be used by
imaging experts, such as radiologists or orthopaedic surgeons, typically in a physician’s office.

The BoneMRI application is a server application running in the clinic or hospital networks. It
returns the reconstructed BoneMRI images as DICOM images.

  V.     Indications for Use

BoneMRI is an image processing software that can be used for image enhancement in MRI
images. It can be used to visualize the bone structures in MRI images with enhanced contrast
with respect to the surrounding soft tissue. It is to be used in the pelvic region, which includes
the boney anatomy of the sacrum, hip bones and femoral heads.
Warning: BoneMRI images are not intended to replace CT images and are not to be used for
diagnosis or monitoring of (primary or metastatic) tumors.

  VI.   Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device:

A comparison of the intended use, indication for use, and technological characteristics of the
BoneMRI application to the predicate device SubtleMR are presented below. We have included
the attributes suggested in FDA’s website guidance for this comparison.

  Name                       Manufacturer            510(k)#

  SubtleMR                        Subtle Medical, Inc.       K191688


MRIGuidance B.V.                      CONFIDENTIAL                           P a g e | 2

BoneMRI                                                                  Traditional 510(k) Notification


A. Intended Use

                     Predicate Device      Subject Device                                                 Comment                 SubtleMR         BoneMRI
 Intended Use       SubtleMR is an image  BoneMRI is an image   Similar –
                      processing software     processing software
                         that can be used for      that can be used for     Intended uses are
                   image enhancement in  image enhancement in   the same for Image
               MRI images. It can be MR images. It can be   enhancements for
                     used to reduce image   used to visualize the    MRI. But the
                      noise for head, spine,   bone structures in MR   intended use
                      neck, and knee MRI,   images with enhanced   differences does
                       or increase image       contrast with respect    not affect the
                      sharpness for non-       to the surrounding soft  safety and
                      contrast-enhanced       tissue                   effectiveness of the
                    head MRI.                                    device when used
                                                                       as labeled and is
                                                                          similar to the
                                                                        predicate use.
 21CFR Section      892.2050             892.2050            The same
 Product Code      LLZ              QIH                    Similar
 Target Population    Adults                Adults              The same

B. Technological Characteristics

                     Predicate Device      Subject Device                                               Comment                 SubtleMR         BoneMRI
 Device Nature       Software package      Software package     The same
 Operating System   Linux               Linux              The same
 Data input       MRI images in      MRI images in       The same
              DICOM format     DICOM format
 Data output       MRI images in      MRI images in       The same
              DICOM format     DICOM format
 Processing         SubtleMR software    MRIguidance          Different –
 Algorithms         implements an image   software implements
                   enhancement         an image           The algorithm while
                     algorithm using       enhancement          using similar
                      convolutional neural   algorithm using       methodology, uses
                    network based         convolutional neural   different filters and
                           filtering. Original      network. Original      outputs to enhance
                    images are enhanced   images are enhanced   the image. The
                   by running through a   by running them       difference does not
                     cascade of filter        through a cascade of   affect the safety and


MRIGuidance B.V.                      CONFIDENTIAL                           P a g e | 3

BoneMRI                                                                  Traditional 510(k) Notification


                     Predicate Device      Subject Device                                               Comment                 SubtleMR         BoneMRI
                      banks, where              filter banks, where     effectiveness of the
                      thresholding and       thresholding and       device when used as
                       scaling operations are   scaling operations      labeled and is similar
                       applied. Separate       are applied. Separate   to the predicate use.
                      neural network based   neural networkfilters are obtained     based filters are
                        for noise reduction     obtained to assign a
                   and sharpness         Hounsfield Unit
                        increase. The        (HU) value to a
                     parameters of the       single volume
                            filters were obtained    element, based on
                     through an image       intensity and
                    guided optimization    contextual
                       process.                information. The
                                           parameters of the
                                      model were obtained
                                           through an algorithm
                                         development
                                                 pipeline.
 User Interface      None – enhanced     None – enhanced     The same
                    images are viewed on  images are viewed
                       existing PACS        on existing PACS
                      workstations           workstations
 Workflow         The software         The software        The same
                      operates on DICOM    operates on DICOM
                           files on the file           files on the file
                     system, enhances the   system, enhances the
                     images, and stores     images, and stores
                       the enhanced images   the enhanced images
                   on the file system.     on the file system.
                  The receipt of        The receipt of
                        original DICOM        original DICOM
                   image files and       image files and
                       delivery of enhanced   delivery of enhanced
                    images as DICOM     images as DICOM
                           files depends on other   files depends on
                      software systems.      other software
                   Enhanced images co-   systems. Enhanced
                         exist with the original  images co-exist with
                     images.                the original images.


MRIGuidance B.V.                      CONFIDENTIAL                           P a g e | 4

BoneMRI                                                                  Traditional 510(k) Notification


  VII.   Performance Data:

BoneMRI conducted the following performance testing:
        1.   Software verification and validation testing
        2.   Studies that utilized retrospective clinical data to demonstrate the software enhanced
          imaging quality in MR images via an enhancement of bone.

     BoneMRI Pelvic region – Voxel-by-Voxel analysis

       Quantitative voxel-by-voxel validation of BoneMRI was performed on imaging data from
      61 patients, consisting of the BoneMRI and CT of the same patient, acquired during the
       previously conducted clinical investigations. MRIguidance conducted the validations
       based on an in-house developed algorithm validation pipeline, the core validation
      framework. The objective was to validate the quantitative accuracy of BoneMRI for the
       pelvic region using rigorous, objective, and unbiased statistical tests. The endpoints were
       the metrics that described the accuracy of 3D bone morphology, radiodensity, and
       radiodensity contrast versus co-registered CT scans in terms of voxel-by-voxel HUs and
       standard deviations around these HU values. The results demonstrate clinically
       acceptable accuracy on all of the endpoints.

      The  data provided demonstrate  that BoneMRI  application v1.2 can  accurately
       reconstruct the 3D bone morphology with a mean absolute cortical delineation error
      below 1.0 mm on average; accurately reconstruct the tissue radiodensity with a mean
       deviation below 10 HU on average and a mean deviation below 55 HU for bone
        specifically; accurately reconstruct the tissue radiodensity contrast with a mean HU
        correlation coefficient above 0.80 on average and a mean HU correlation coefficient
      above 0.75 for bone specifically.

     CONCLUSION: BoneMRI demonstrates accurate bone morphology, radiodensity, and
       radiodensity contrast. Thus, BoneMRI is a useful tool to qualitatively and quantitatively
       assess the pelvic region.


  VIII.  Conclusions:

  BoneMRI, based on the indications for use, product performance, and clinical information
  provided in  this notification, the subject device has been shown to be substantially
  equivalent to the currently marketed predicate device.  The two devices have similar
  technological characteristics: both algorithms use image based reconstruction, and both
  methods have optimized parameters to ensure the robustness of the algorithm. This 510(k)
  submission includes information on the BoneMRI technological characteristics, as well as
  performance data and verification and validation activities demonstrating that BoneMRI is
  as safe and effective as the predicate, and does not raise different questions of safety and
  effectiveness.


MRIGuidance B.V.                      CONFIDENTIAL                           P a g e | 5