Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                      December 4, 2020
℅ Flair Bar
VP Operations
Shefayim Commercial Center
PO Box 25
Shefayim, 6099000
ISRAEL

Re: K202487
    Trade/Device Name: HealthJOINT
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: November 3, 2020
    Received: November 6, 2020

Dear Flair Bar:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K202487 - Flair Bar                                                                   Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K202487
Device Name
HealthJOINT
Indications for Use (Describe)
The Zebra HealthJOINT device is a software tool for 3D reconstruction of bones from a set of 2D radiographs. The device
is intended for assisting clinicians in the preoperative planning of knee orthopedic surgical procedures. Zebra’s
HealthJOINT analyzes cases using an artificial intelligence algorithm for the 3D model reconstruction. In addition to the
model, the software provides a list of anatomical landmarks with their position on the 3D model.
The result is made available via a 3rd parties’ software interface for further display and analysis of the 3D bone model.
Clinical judgement and experience are required to properly use the models produced by this software.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

5. 510 (k) Summary

                         510(K) Summary - HealthJOINT
                           Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.

                              510(k) Number – K202487


Applicant’s Name:   Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.
                    Shefayim Commercial Center
               PO Box 25
                     Shefayim, 6099000
                ISRAEL
                     Telephone: +972-9-8827795
                      Fax: +972-9-8827795

Date Prepared:        November 03, 2020

Trade Name:            HealthJOINT


Classification Name:
LLZ – Picture Archiving and Communication System

Classification:
Class II, Radiology


Predicate Device:
The HealthJOINT device is substantially equivalent to the following device:

 Proprietary Name            Efficient Care 3D Planning
 Premarket Notification     K183544
 Classification Name         Picture Archiving and Communication System
 Regulation Number        21 CFR 892.2050
 Product Code          LLZ
 Regulatory Class               II


Performance Standards:
No performance standards have been established for such device under Section 514 of the Federal Food,

Drug, and Cosmetic Act.


Intended Use/Indication for Use:

The Zebra HealthJOINT device is a software tool for 3D reconstruction of bones from a set of 2D
radiographs. The device is intended for assisting clinicians in the preoperative planning of knee orthopedic

Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                                  5-1

surgical procedures. Zebra’s HealthJOINT analyzes cases using an artificial intelligence algorithm for the
3D model reconstruction. In addition to the model, the software provides a list of anatomical landmarks
with their position on the 3D model.
The result is made available via a 3rd parties’ software interface for further display and analysis of the 3D
bone model.
Clinical judgement and experience are required to properly use the models produced by this software.

Device Description:

Zebra’s HealthJOINT device is a software product that uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze
X-ray scans. The HealthJOINT is indicated for the analysis of X-rays scans. The device receives a set of
2D radiographs and automatically provides a 3D model of the bones together with a list of anatomical
landmarks with their position on the 3D model. The 3D model may be used by physicians for pre-operative
planning of knee orthopedic surgeries. The HealthJoint supports 3D reconstructions of healthy bones, and
osteoarthritis patients graded 1 to 4 based on the Kellgren-Lawrence grading system.

The HealthJOINT device functions as a component that can be used by 3rd parties via an API to generate
the 3D models and provides a list of anatomical landmarks with their position on the 3D model. The
software communicates with the API only, and is not user-facing. The software does not recommend
clinical decisions or treatment.

The software is intended for use by clinicians in conjunction with additional patient information and
professional judgment.

The following modules compose the HealthJoint software:
Data input and validation: performs validation of the input, X-ray DICOM images, assesses the input
data (i.e. age, modality, view) to ensure compatibility for processing by the algorithm.
HealthJoint algorithm: Once the study has been validated the algorithm analyzes the AP (anteriorposterior) along with the LAT (lateral) knee X-ray study in order to provide 3D bone models and locations
of anatomic landmarks.
IMA Integration feature: provides the capability to post studies for processing, get the study analysis
status and the results of successful study analysis via a Web API.
Error codes feature: In the case of a study failure during data validation or the analysis by the algorithm,
an error is provided to the calling 3rd party via the Web API.

Performance Data:

Safety and performance of HealthJOINT has been evaluated and verified in accordance with software
specifications and applicable performance standards through Software Development and Validation &
Verification Process to ensure performance according to specifications, User Requirements and Federal
Regulations and Guidance documents, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software
Contained in Medical Devices”.

The HealthJOINT device performance was evaluated in a stand-alone retrospective study for accuracy of
the 3D model of the Femur, Tibia, and Fibula (RMSE) and the accuracy of the three-dimensional
positioning of the anatomic landmarks on the Femur and Tibia. The 3D model accuracy and the anatomical
landmark positioning were evaluated comparing to the pre-defined success criteria. The data set for the 3D
model accuracy included 67 pairs of a Knee X Ray and a CT scan of the same patient within a maximum


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                                  5-2

time frame of 6 months. Performance accuracy of the HealthJOINT software was compared to an
established Ground Truth by an experienced US Board-Certified radiologist.

The HealthJOINT software performance accuracy was determined by measuring the RMSE (Root Mean
Square Error), versus the ground truth. The HealthJOINT device performance for the Femur was an RMSE
of 1.14 (95% CI: [1.097,1.187]), for the Tibia an RMSE of 1.05 (95% CI: [1.005,1.087]), and for the Fibula
an RMSE of 0.94 (95% CI: [0.891, 0.986]). The device performance met the pre-defined success criteria.

Additionally, HealthJOINT performance accuracy  in  the  identification  of  the anatomic landmark
positioning versus the ground truth was determined by measuring the distance between the software
landmarks positioning and the ground truth in mm, in terms of the standard deviation of the distance. The
HealthJOINT software device precision met the performance goal. In conclusion, this study demonstrated
the HealthJOINT safety and effectiveness and meets its intended use statement.


Technological Characteristics Compared to Predicate Device:

The  technological  characteristics,  e.g.,  overall  design, mechanism  of  action, mode  of  operation,
performance characteristics, etc., and the intended use of the HealthJOINT device are substantially
equivalent to the predicate device cited above.

A comparison of the technological characteristics with the predicate device is summarized below.


    Technological           Proposed Device:                 Predicate Device:          Summary
    Characteristics              HealthJoint                 Efficient Care 3D Planning
                                                              (K183544)
 Intended            The Zebra HealthJOINT device is   Efficient Care 3D Planning is          Similar. In
 Use/Indications for     a software tool for 3D              software indicated for assisting        addition to the 3D
 Use                    reconstruction of bones from a set   orthopedic surgeons in preoperative   reconstruction and
                         of 2D radiographs. The device is    planning of knee orthopedic        3D/2D overlay for
                        intended for assisting clinicians     surgeries. The software allows for     the visualization
                           in the preoperative planning of      the overlaying of 3D/2D implant      of radiological
                      knee orthopedic surgical          models and for the visualization of    images, the
                         procedures. Zebra’s                the radiological images and 3D        predicate device
                     HealthJOINT analyzes cases        reconstruction of bones, and           also provide tools
                        using an artificial intelligence       includes tools for performing          for performing
                        algorithm for the 3D model        measurements on the images or 3D   measurements and
                          reconstruction. In addition to the    model of bones, and for selecting      for selecting the
                       model, the software provides a list  and positioning the implant model.    implant model.
                         of anatomical landmarks with       Clinical judgments and experience
                             their position on the 3D model.      are required to properly use the
                    The result is made available via a    software.
                        3rd parties’ software interface for
                           further display and analysis of the   Efficient Care 3D Planning is to be
                 3D bone model.                  used with the following fixed
                          Clinical judgement and             bearing knee replacement systems
                        experience are required to           in accordance with their indications
                         properly use the models produced   and contraindications: NexGen®
                     by this software.               CR, NexGen CR-Flex, NexGen
                                                   CR-Flex Gender, NexGen LPS,
                                              NexGen LPS-Flex, NexGen
                                                   LPSFlex Gender, Persona® CR,

Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                                  5-3

Persona PS, Vanguard® CR, and
                                                   Vanguard PS.
  Classification/Produc  21 CFR 892.2050/LLZ           21 CFR 892.2050/LLZ           Same
  t code
 User                   Prespecified clinical users           Prespecified clinical users         Same
                            (clinicians)                            (clinicians)
 Radiological images  DICOM                 DICOM                      Same
 format
 Modality             X-ray                           X-ray                        Same
 Body part           Knee                        Knee                        Same
 Software processing   Image segmentation and          Image segmentation and processing  Same
                        processing
 Output            3D bone reconstruction         3D bone reconstruction           Same
 2D/3D Overlay       Yes                          Yes                         Same
 Anatomic Landmarks  Yes                          Yes                         Same
 Measurement Tools   No                          Yes                                    Different, but do
                                                                                                not raise
                                                                                                 questions of
                                                                                                      safety and
                                                                                                        effectiveness.
 Implant Predictability  No                          Yes                                    Different, but do
                                                                                                not raise
                                                                                                 questions of
                                                                                                      safety and
                                                                                                        effectiveness.


Substantial Equivalence:

Based on the information submitted in this premarket notification, and based on the indications for use,

technological characteristics and performance testing, HealthJoint device raises no new questions of safety

and effectiveness and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in terms of safety and effectiveness.

The subject device has the same intended use, similar indications for use, and technological characteristics

as the predicate device.

The results of the performance comparison study demonstrated that the HealthJoint device performs as

intended, in the specified use conditions, and thus demonstrates the safety and effectiveness of the subject

device.

The HealthJoint device is therefore substantially equivalent to the predicate device and share the same

intended use and technological characteristics.


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                                  5-4