Deepvoxel, Inc.                                                               April 2, 2021
℅ Albert Rego, Ph.D.
Consultant
Albert Rego, Ph.D., Inc.
27001 La Paz Road, Suite #314
MISSION VIEJO CA 92691

Re: K202928
    Trade/Device Name: DV.Target
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QKB
    Dated: February 19, 2021
    Received: March 2, 2021

Dear Dr. Rego:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K202928 - Albert Rego, Ph.D.                                                           Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K202928

Device Name
DV.Target


Indications for Use (Describe)
DV.Target is a software application that enables the routing of DICOM-compliant data (CT Images) to automatic image
processing workflows, using machine learning-based algorithms to automatically delineate organs-at-risk (OARs).
Contours generated by DV.Target may be used as an input to clinical workflows for treatment planning in radiation
therapy.

DV.Target is intended to be used by trained medical professionals including radiologists, radiation oncologists,
dosimetrists, and physicists.

DV.Target does not provide a user interface for data visualization. Image data uploaded, auto-contouring results, and
other functionalities are managed via an administration interface. Thus, it is required that DV.Target be used in
conjunction with appropriate software, such as a treatment planning system (TPS), to review, edit, and approve for all
contours generated by DV.Target.

DV.Target is only intended for normal organ contouring, not for tumor or clinical target volume contouring.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                     PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF
                                                              138

22 Talisman, Irvine, CA, 92620                                                               Email: support@deep-voxel.com
858-281-8029                                                                           www.deep-voxel.com


                510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness


The assigned 510(k) Number: K202928


1.  Submitter

    Applicant Information:             DeepVoxel Inc.
                                 22 Talisman
                                               Irvine, CA 92620

   Phone:                          858-281-8029
    Email:                           support@deep-voxel.com

    Contact Person:                      Dr. Albert Rego
                                  27001 La Paz Road, Suite #314
                                      Mission Viejo, CA, 92691, USA

   Date Prepared:                        April 1, 2021


2.  Device Name

   Trade Name:                       DV.Target
    Device Common Name:              Radiological Image Processing Software For Radiation Therapy
    Regulation Number:              21 CFR 892.2050
    Product Code:                 QKB
    Classification Name:                  Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulation Class:                     Class II


                                      1

22 Talisman, Irvine, CA, 92620                                                               Email: support@deep-voxel.com
858-281-8029                                                                           www.deep-voxel.com

3.  Identification of Predicate Device

    Predicate Device
                                  Table 1. Identification of Predicate Device.
 Device trade      510(k)     Date of        Classification     Product    Regulation    Class          Classification       Submitter’s
 name          number    clearance    name           code                                panel          name


 Workflow       K181572    July 10,       Picture           LLZ       21CFR         Class II       Radiology         Mirada
 BoxTM                    2018         Archiving and               892.2050                                   Medical Ltd
  (including                              Communicatio
 DLCExpert™,                              ns System
 Embrace:CT™,

 Embrace:MR™,
 Re:Contour™)


    Reference Device
  MIM – MRT Dosimetry, K182624


4.  Indications for use

    DV.Target is a software application that enables the routing of DICOM-compliant data (CT Images) to
    automatic image processing workflows, using machine learning-based algorithms to automatically
    delineate organs-at-risk (OARs). Contours generated by DV.Target may be used as an input to clinical
   workflows for treatment planning in radiation therapy.

    DV.Target is intended to be used by trained medical professionals including radiologists, radiation
    oncologists, dosimetrists, and physicists.

    DV.Target does not provide a user interface for data visualization. Image data uploaded, autocontouring results, and other functionalities are managed via an administration interface. Thus, it is
    required that DV.Target be used in conjunction with appropriate software, such as a treatment
    planning system (TPS), to review, edit, and approve for all contours generated by DV.Target.

    DV.Target is only intended for normal organ contouring, not for tumor or clinical target volume
    contouring.


5.  Device Description

   The proposed device, DV.Target, is a standalone software that is designed to be used by trained
    medical professionals to automatically delineate organs-at-risk (OARs) on CT images. This OARs
    delineation function, often referred as auto-contouring, is intended to facilitate radiation therapy
    workflows. Supported image modalities include CT and RTSTURCT.


                                      2

22 Talisman, Irvine, CA, 92620                                                               Email: support@deep-voxel.com
858-281-8029                                                                           www.deep-voxel.com


   DV.Target can automatically delineate major OARs in three anatomical sites --- Head & Neck, Thorax,
   and Abdomen & Pelvis. It receives CT images in DICOM format as input and automatically generates
   the contours of OARs, which are stored in DICOM format and in RTSTRUCT modality.

   The deployment environment of the proposed device is recommended to be a local network with an
    existing hospital-grade IT system in place. DV.Target should be installed on a specialized server
   supporting deep learning processing. After installation, users can login to the DV.Target
   administration interface via browsers from their local computers. All activities, including autocontouring, are operated by users through the administration interface.

    In addition to auto-contouring, DV.Target also has the following auxiliary functions:

     ●  User interface for receiving, updating and transmitting medical images in DICOM format;

     ●  User management;
     ●  Processed image management and output (RTSTRUCT) file management.

   Once data is routed to DV.Target auto-contouring workflows, no user interaction is required, nor
   provided. The image data, auto-contouring results, and other functionalities can be managed by
   DV.Target users via an administration user interface. Third-party image visualization and editing
   software, such as a treatment planning system (TPS), must be used to facilitate the review and
    editing of contours generated by DV.Target.

   DV.Target can delineate the following 49 OARs distributed across three anatomic sites (Table 2):

                  Table 2. List of OARs delineated by DV.Target across three anatomic sites.
     Anatomic Site                            OARs                             No. of OARs

                       Brachial plexus, Brain Stem, Constrictor naris, Ear Left, Ear Right, Eye Left,
                    Eye Right, Hypophysis, Larynx, Lens Left, Lens Right, Mandible, Optic
                     chiasm, Optic nerve Left, Optic nerve Right, Oral cavity, Parotid Left,
                      Parotid Right, Sublingual gland, Submandibular gland Left,                   28     Head & Neck
                    Submandibular gland Right, Spinal Cord, Temporal Lobe Left, Temporal
                   Lobe Right, Temporomandibular joint Left, Temporomandibular joint
                        Right, Thyroid, Trachea
        Thorax      Esophagus, Heart, Lung Left, Lung Right, Spinal Cord, Trachea                 6
                      Bladder, Duodenum, Gallbladder, Femur Left, Femur Right, Kidney Left,     Abdomen &
                     Kidney Right, Large Bowel, Liver, Pancreas, Rectum, Small Bowel, Spleen,       15          Pelvis                       Spinal Cord, Stomach


                                      3

22 Talisman, Irvine, CA, 92620                                                               Email: support@deep-voxel.com
858-281-8029                                                                           www.deep-voxel.com

6. Comparison of Indications for Use with Predicate Device

   Both the proposed and predicate devices are software applications designed to be used by trained
    medical professionals within a hospital environment, and are indicated for the creation of contours
    for use in clinical workflows for the purpose of radiation therapy treatment planning.

   Both the predicate and proposed devices support contouring based on machine learning techniques,
   whereas the predicate device additionally supports atlas-based contouring and registration-based
    re-contouring.

   Both the proposed and predicate devices are designed to interoperate via DICOM objects and to
   network with other DICOM capable devices such as PACS and Radiation Treatment Planning
    Systems.

   Both the proposed and predicate devices do not facilitate the display or visualization of the data by
    users. Reviewing and editing of contouring results cannot be performed within both devices.

   Both the proposed and predicate devices require users to confirm and review generated contours in
   a separate image visualization system.

    In summary, DeepVoxel Inc. believes the intended use of the proposed device is substantially
    equivalent to the predicate device, excepting the registration-based features in the predicate
    device, which are not applicable to the proposed device.


                    Table 3. Comparison of Indications for Use with Predicate Device.
            Proposed Device                         Predicate Device
                                                •  Workflow Box is a software system            •   DV.Target is a software application                                                        designed to allow users to route DICOM-                  that enables the routing of image                                                        compliant data to and from automated                 data (CT Images) to automatic image                                                           processing components. Supported                  processing workflows, using machine                                                            modalities include CT, MR, RTSTRUCT.                  learning learning-based algorithms to                                                •  Workflow Box includes processing                  automatically delineate OARs                                                  components for automatically                    (Organs-at-risk). Contours generated                                                         contouring imaging data usingIndications      by DV.Target may be used as an                                                      deformable image registration tofor use           input to clinical workflows for                                                        support atlas-based contouring, re-                treatment planning in radiation                                                         contouring of the same patient                  therapy.                                                  and machine learning based contouring.            •   DV.Target is intended to be used by                                                •  Workflow Box is a data routing and                  trained medical professionals                                                   image processing tool which                   including radiologists, radiation                                                            automatically applies contours to                   oncologists, dosimetrists, and                                                        data which is sent to one or more of the                    physicists.                                                           included image processing workflows.


                                      4

22 Talisman, Irvine, CA, 92620                                                               Email: support@deep-voxel.com
858-281-8029                                                                           www.deep-voxel.com
            •   DV.Target does not provide a user         Contours generated by Workflow Box
                   interface for data visualization. The      may be used as an input to clinical
               image data uploaded, auto-              workflows including, but not limited to,
                 contouring results and other               radiation therapy treatment planning.
                    functionalities are managed via an     •  Workflow Box must be used in
                  administration interface. Thus, it is         conjunction with appropriate software
                 required that DV.Target be used in         to review and edit results
                 conjunction with appropriate             generated automatically by Workflow
                  software, such as a treatment           Box components, for example image
                 planning system (TPS), to review, edit       visualization software must be used to
               and approve for all contours                  facilitate the review and edit of contours
                generated by DV.Target.                 generated by Workflow Box component
            •   DV.Target is only intended for normal       applications.
                organ contouring, not for tumor or    •  Workflow Box is intended to be used by
                      clinical target volume contouring.          trained medical professionals.
                                                •  Workflow Box is not intended to
                                                            automatically detect lesions.


7. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with Predicate Device


                    Table 4. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with Predicate Device.

        Characteristic         Proposed Device                  Predicate Device
       Device Name           DV.Target                     Workflow Box (K181572)
       Regulation No.         No. 21CFR 892.2050              No. 21CFR 892.2050
                                 Picture archiving and               Picture archiving and         Classification Name                            communications system          communications system
       Product Code        QKB                              LLZ
        Class                                 II                                                        II
                          Any patient type for whom       Any patient type for whom
       Target Population       relevant modality scan data is      relevant modality scan data is
                                   available.                            available.
      Where Used             Clinical/Hospital environment       Clinical/Hospital environment
                             Designed to be used by trained    Designed to be used by trained       Target Users                                     clinicians                              clinicians
                         None – software only                                                   None – software only application.                                  application. The software       Energy Used and/or                                 The software application does not                                 application does not deliver or        Delivered                                                     deliver or depend on energy                          depend on energy delivered to or                                                                   delivered to or from patients                           from patients


                                      5

22 Talisman, Irvine, CA, 92620                                                               Email: support@deep-voxel.com
858-281-8029                                                                           www.deep-voxel.com

                                                   None – the predicate device has                        None – the proposed device has                                                     no data visualization functionality.                         no data visualization                                                                                 All data processing is automated                                   functionality. All data processing                                                       and does not require user      Data Visualization          is automated and does not                                                                       interaction. A control interface is                               require user interaction. A                                                              provided for system                                control interface is provided for                                                                  administration and configuration                            system administration and                                                                       only.                                configuration only.
                                                                 Atlas-based contouring,
       Regions and Volumes   Machine learning-based            registration-based re-contouring,
       of Interest (ROI)        contouring                     machine learning-based
                                                               contouring
      ROI measurements                           Not applicable                  Not applicable      and quantification
                                                                    Registration for the purposes of
      Image Registration     Not applicable                     re-planning/re-contouring and
                                                                         atlas based contouring.
        Label/labeling         Conform with 21CFR Part 801     Conform with 21CFR Part 801
       Operating System      Ubuntu, Windows             Windows
                                                        Machine learning-based and Atlas-       Algorithm            Machine learning-based                                                          based
       Supported Modalities   CT, RTSTRUCT                     CT, MR, RTSTRUCT
                             Supports automatic routing        Supports routing and distribution
       Reporting and data     images to processing workflow.    of images to other DICOM nodes
       routing            No customized options for the      including to custom executables
                              user                           determined by the user
      Communications/                              TCP/IP and SCP                   TCP/IP and SCP      Networking
       Compatible Scanner    No Limitation on scanner model,  No Limitation on scanner model,
      Models            DICOM 3.0 compliance required   DICOM 3.0 compliance required
       Compatible Treatment  No Limitation on TPS model,     No Limitation on TPS model,
       Planning System      DICOM 3.0 compliance required   DICOM 3.0 compliance required


   The predicate device and the proposed device are both standalone software applications for
   medical image processing. Both devices process DICOM image data and include design features to
   enable automatic delineation of contours on input image data.

   Both the proposed and predicate devices utilize algorithms to automatically generate regions of
    interest structures/contours. The predicate device also utilizes image registration for atlas-based
   contouring and re-contouring.


                                      6

22 Talisman, Irvine, CA, 92620                                                               Email: support@deep-voxel.com
858-281-8029                                                                           www.deep-voxel.com

   Both devices are compatible with the same use environments and utilize the same networking
    technology. The predicate device operates on Microsoft Windows operating systems, while the
   proposed device can operate on both Microsoft Windows and Ubuntu (a Linux distribution)
    operating systems.

   19 OARs (hereinafter referred to as “overlapping OARs”) are delineated by both the proposed and
    predicate devices. However, there are additional 30 OARs only delineated by the proposed device,
   and 16 OARs only delineated by the predicate device.

   The proposed device offers a subset of the image processing technical features presented by the
    predicate device. The shared features are substantially equivalent to the predicate device and do
    not present any additional or new risks when compared to the predicate device.


8.  Non-Clinical Test Conclusion

    In summary, we have conducted three Comparison Studies to evaluate the performance of the
   proposed device:

   ●  Comparison Study 1: Conducted between the proposed and predicate devices on a public
        validation dataset (64% are from the US) to evaluate the auto-contouring accuracy of 19
       overlapping OARs (OARs delineated by both devices).
   ●  Comparison Study 2: Conducted between the proposed and predicate devices on an in-house
         clinical dataset to evaluate the auto-contouring accuracy of the overlapping OARs.
   ●  Comparison Study 3: Conducted between the proposed device and a reference device (MIM –
     MRT Dosimetry 510(k) Number K182624) on the public validation data (64% are from the US) to
       evaluate the auto-contouring accuracy of 30 non-overlapping OARs (OARs delineated by the
       proposed device, but not by the predicate).

   The validation data used in these studies consists of two independent datasets: a) a public dataset
    collected from a large medical images archive --- TCIA and b) a clinical in-house dataset collected
    retrospectively from the City of Hope (our primary validation site). A comprehensive characteristic
    analysis of validation data to demonstrate the representativeness of the intended patient
    population is presented and related backgrounds are introduced. The ground truth OARs contours
   on the public validation data were generated from the consensus of three board-certified
    physicians. The ground truth contours on the in-house clinical data (collected retrospectively) were
   based on actual clinical contouring results.

     All validation data described above were invisible in model training. The Dice-Sørensen coefficients
    (DICE score) were calculated and used to evaluate contouring accuracies by comparing devicegenerated contours with ground truth contours. A systematic statistical methodology, including data
    presentation (histogram, Box and Whisker plot, and Bland-Altman plot) and statistical inferences


                                      7

22 Talisman, Irvine, CA, 92620                                                               Email: support@deep-voxel.com
858-281-8029                                                                           www.deep-voxel.com

     (i.e. the non-inferiority tests), is established as the guidelines for data analysis in the three
   Comparison Studies.

  We have presented detailed results from the three Comparison Studies. In each of the studies, we
   observed the following results: a) The DICE scores from the proposed and the predicate/reference
    devices both have a central tendency (DICE Score differences can be approximated by the normal
    distribution) and have a good agreement with each other (from histograms and Bland-Altman plots).
    b) The DICE scores of the proposed device are generally higher than those of the
    predicate/reference device (from the Box and Whisker plots). c) The confidence interval of
   performance differences between the proposed and the predicate/reference devices are within the
    non-inferiority margin for all compared OARs. Hence the statement that the proposed device is noninferior to the predicate/reference device is established. Additionally, we demonstrate that the
   performance of the proposed device on the non-overlapping OARs is similar to its performance on
    the overlapping OARs (Comparison Study 3b).

  We draw the following conclusions from these studies:

   ●  DV.Target is non-inferior to the predicate device Mirada on all 19 overlapping OARs. This
        conclusion is supported by Comparison Studies 1&2, based on validation data from different
         sites and with independent annotations.
   ●  DV.Target is non-inferior to the reference device MIM on the 30 non-overlapping OARs. The
       performance of DV.Target on the non-overlapping OARs is similar to its performance on the
       overlapping OARs. This is supported by Comparison Studies 3a & 3b.

    According to these results, we conclude that the performance of the proposed device is
    substantially equivalent to the performance of the predicate device.


9.  Clinical Test Conclusion

   No clinical study is included in this submission.


10. Substantially Equivalent (SE) Conclusion

   Based on the comparison and analysis above, DeepVoxel Inc. believes that the proposed device can
   be determined to be Substantially Equivalent (SE) to the predicate device.


                                      8