Perspectum LTD                                                         October 2, 2020
  Jaco Jacobs
Chief Compliance Officer
Gemini One, 5520 John Smith Drive
Oxford, Oxfordshire OX4 2LL
UNITED KINGDOM

Re: K202170
    Trade/Device Name: LiverMultiScan (LMSv4)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic resonance diagnostic device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH
    Dated: March 13, 2020
    Received: August 3, 2020

Dear Jaco Jacobs:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 1 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K202170 - Jaco Jacobs                                                                 Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K202170
Device Name
LiverMultiScan (LMSv4)
Indications for Use (Describe)
LiverMultiScan (LMSv4) is indicated for use as a magnetic resonance diagnostic device software application for noninvasive liver evaluation that enables the generation, display and review of 2D magnetic resonance medical image data
and pixel maps for MR relaxation times.
LiverMultiScan (LMSv4) is designed to utilize DICOM 3.0 compliant magnetic resonance image datasets, acquired from
compatible MR systems, to display the internal structure of the abdomen including the liver. Other physical parameters
derived from the images may also be produced.
LiverMultiScan (LMSv4) provides a number of tools, such as automated liver segmentation and region of interest (ROD
placements, to be used for the assessment of selected regions of an image. Quantitative assessments of selected regions
include the determination of triglyceride fat fraction in the liver (PDFF), T2* and iron-corrected T1 (cT1) measurements.
T2* may be optionally computed using the DIXON or LMS MOST methods.
These images and the physical parameters derived from the images, when interpreted by a trained clinician, yield
information that may assist in diagnosis
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

LMSv4 510(k) Summary


Date Prepared:                            21st of July 2020

1. Submitter Details
Owner Address:                     Perspectum Ltd
                                  Gemini One,
                                5520 John Smith Drive,
                                    Oxford Business Park,
                                      Oxford,
                             OX4 2LL


Owner/Operator Number:           10056574

Establishment Registration Number:    3014232555

Contact Person:                     Dr Jaco Jacobs
                                   jaco.jacobs@perspectum.com
                                +44 (0) 1865 655329

2. Subject and Predicate Device
                                              Subject Device                   Predicate Device
          510(k) number                    Not known                    K190017
          Legal Manufacturer               Perspectum Ltd.           Perspectum Diagnostics Ltd.
        Owner/Owner Operator             10056574                    10056574
        NumberDevice Name                   LiverMultiScan (LMSv4)           LiverMultiScan (LMSv3)
         Proprietary/Common                LiverMultiScan                    LiverMultiScan
        namePanel                                Radiology                        Radiology
          Regulation                         892.1000                      892.1000
           Risk Class                                Class II                             Class II
         Product Class code                 LNH                      LNH
           Classification                 System, Nuclear Magnetic        System, Nuclear Magnetic
                                      Resonance Imaging             Resonance Imaging


3. Subject Device Description
3.1.    General
LiverMultiScan is a standalone software device. The purpose of the LiverMultiScan device is to assist a trained
operator with the evaluation of information from Magnetic Resonance (MR) images from a single time-point (a
patient visit). LiverMultiScan is a post-processing software device, a trained operator uses tools such as automatic liver
segmentation and region of interest placement upon previously acquired MR images, from which a summary report is
generated. The summary report is subsequently sent to an interpreting clinician at the acquiring site.

LiverMultiScan is not intended to replace the established procedures for the assessment of a patient’s liver health by
an interpreting clinician, providing many opportunities for competent human intervention in the interpretation of
images and information displayed.

                                                                                         Page 1 of 9LMSv4 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

LMSv4 510(k) Summary


The metrics are intended to be used as an additional diagnostic input to provide information to clinicians as part of a
wider diagnostic process. It is expected that in the normal course of liver disease diagnosis, patients will present with
clinical symptoms or risk factors which may indicate liver disease. The interpreting clinician needs to take into
consideration the device’s limitations and accuracy during clinical interpretation.

Liver function tests, blood tests, ultrasound scanning as well as liver biopsy are all expected to be used at the
discretion of a qualified clinician in addition to information obtained from the use of LiverMultiScan metrics. The
purpose of LiverMultiScan metrics is to provide imaging information to assist in characterizing tissue in the liver, in
addition to existing methods for obtaining information relating to the liver. LiverMultiScan metrics are not intended to
replace any existing diagnostic source of information but can be used to identify patients who may benefit most from
further evaluation, including biopsy.

Information gathered through existing diagnostic tests and clinical evaluation of the patient, as well as information
obtained from LiverMultiScan metrics, may contribute to a diagnostic decision.

LiverMultiScan is not a computer-aided diagnostic device and can only present imaging information which must be
interpreted by a qualified clinician. LiverMultiScan is an aid to diagnosis; and diagnosis and treatment decisions
remains the responsibility of the clinician.

In consequence, the product is considered to have no adverse effect on health since the results represent only a part
of the information that the user will utilize for final interpretation. In this regard, LiverMultiScan presents a moderate
level of concern with respect to patient safety.

3.2.     Sterilization and Shelf Life
LMSv4 is a standalone software device thus it is non-contact, non-invasive and non-sterile. The shelf life of LMSv4 is
indefinite as long as the manufacturer continues to support the device. Both sterilization and shelf life characteristics
are equivalent of the predicate device.

3.3.    Biocompatibility
LMSv4 is a standalone software device thus it is non-contact and non-invasive. No biocompatibility testing was
deemed necessary to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of LMSv4. LMSv4 does not consists of materials that
differ from the predicate device.

3.4.    Software
LMSv4 was successfully validated and verified against the requirements specification and its intended use. The results
from the validation and verification activities, documented in this submission, corroborate that LMSv4 meets the
product requirement specifications and intended use, which is deemed to be substantially equivalent to the predicate
(see section below).

Validation and verification activities were conducted in a controlled environment and in compliance with IEC
62304:2006, ISO 13485:2016 and 21 CFR 820. LMSv4 is also in compliance with the DICOM standard.

3.5.    Electromagnetic and Electrical Safety
LMSv4 is a standalone software device, there are no electromagnetic or electrical safety risks associated with the
direct use of the LMSv4 device. No electromagnetic or electrical safety testing was deemed necessary to demonstrate
the safety and effectiveness of LMSv4.


                                                                                         Page 2 of 9LMSv4 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

LMSv4 510(k) Summary

4. Subject and Predicate Comparison
4.1.    Subject and Predicate Device Comparison
The following characteristics were compared between the subject device and the predicate device in order to
demonstrate substantial equivalence.

                               Comparison of Subject and Predicate Device
 Characteristic             LMSv4 (Subject device)                   LMSv3 (Predicate device)
 Intended Use     “LiverMultiScan (LMSv4) is indicated for use as   “LiverMultiScan (LMSv3) is indicated for use as
 and Indications   a magnetic resonance diagnostic device        a magnetic resonance diagnostic device
 for Use           software application for non-invasive liver       software application for non-invasive liver
                    evaluation that enables the generation, display   evaluation that enables the generation, display
                and review of 2D magnetic resonance medical   and review of 2D magnetic resonance medical
                 image data and pixel maps for MR relaxation    image data and pixel maps for MR relaxation
                    times.                                           times.

                   LiverMultiScan (LMSv4) is designed to utilize     LiverMultiScan (LMSv3) is designed to utilize
              DICOM 3.0 compliant magnetic resonance     DICOM 3.0 compliant magnetic resonance
                 image datasets, acquired from compatible MR   image datasets, acquired from compatible MR
                   systems, to display the internal structure of the  systems, to display the internal structure of
               abdomen including the liver. Other physical      the abdomen including the liver. Other
                  parameters derived from the images may also    physical parameters derived from the images
                be produced.                          may also be produced.

                   LiverMultiScan (LMSv4) provides a number of    LiverMultiScan (LMSv3) provides a number of
                      tools, such as automated liver segmentation      tools, such as automated liver segmentation
                and region of interest (ROI) placements, to be   and region of interest (ROI) placements, to be
                 used for the assessment of selected regions of   used for the assessment of selected regions of
                 an image. Quantitative assessments of         an image. Quantitative assessments of
                    selected regions include the determination of    selected regions include the determination of
                      triglyceride fat fraction in the liver (PDFF), T2*    triglyceride fat fraction in the liver (PDFF), T2*
                and iron-corrected T1 (cT1) measurements.     and iron-corrected T1 (cT1) measurements.
                 T2* may be optionally computed using the      PDFF may optionally be computed using the
                DIXON or LMS MOST methods.             LMS IDEAL or three-point DIXON
                                                            methodology.
                 These images and the physical parameters
                   derived from the images, when interpreted by   These images and the physical parameters
                 a trained clinician, yield information that may    derived from the images, when interpreted by
                       assist in diagnosis.”                          a trained clinician, yield information that may
                                                                              assist in diagnosis.”
 Target             Patients suitable to undergo an MRI scan and    Patients suitable to undergo an MRI scan and
 Population       not contra-indicated for MRI.                  not contra-indicated for MRI.
 Device User       Trained Perspectum operator                   Trained Perspectum operator
 Report User     An interpreting clinician or healthcare         An interpreting clinician or healthcare
                     practitioner.                                       practitioner.

 Device Use         Installation of LMSv4 is controlled and installed   Installation of LMSv3 is controlled and
 Environment     on general purpose workstations at               installed on general purpose workstations at
                  Perspectum’s image analysis centre, by         Perspectum’s image analysis centre by
                      specialist members of staff.                        specialist members of staff.


                                                                                         Page 3 of 9LMSv4 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

LMSv4 510(k) Summary


                               Comparison of Subject and Predicate Device
 Characteristic             LMSv4 (Subject device)                   LMSv3 (Predicate device)
 Clinical Setting   LMSv4 is a standalone software device that is   LMSv3 is a standalone software device that is
                  intended to be installed on general use         intended to be installed on general use
                   workstations at Perspectum’s image analysis     workstations at Perspectum’s image analysis
                    centre. The intended device users will log on to  centre. The intended device users will log on
                  the workstations, access the device, and use     to the workstations, access the device, and
                  the device on general-use HD monitors.         use the device on general-use HD monitors.

               LMSv4 is a post-processing software, the       LMSv3 is a post-processing software, the
                  intended device users are trained internal       intended device users are trained internal
                 Perspectum operators. Operators use LMS to    Perspectum operators. Operators use LMS to
                  conduct quantitative analysis of liver tissue     conduct quantitative analysis of liver tissue
                     characteristics to produce a report.              characteristics to produce a report.

                The end-users for the output from the device,   The end-users for the output from the device,
                  the pdf report, are clinicians who receive and    the pdf report, are clinicians who receive and
                     interpret LMSv4 reports through the QAS.        interpret LMSv3 reports through the QAS.
 Anatomical      Abdomen, Liver                          Abdomen, Liver
 Location
 Energy           Software only application. The device, a         Software only application. The device, a
 Considerations    standalone software application, does not       standalone software application, does not
                      deliver, monitor or depend on energy             deliver, monitor or depend on energy
                    delivered to or from patients.                   delivered to or from patients.
 Design: Purpose  LMS is a standalone software application that   LMS is a standalone software application that
                  imports MR data sets encompassing the        imports MR data sets encompassing the
                abdomen, including the liver. Visualisation and  abdomen, including the liver. Visualisation
                    display of 2D multi-slice, spin-echo MR data    and display of 2D multi-slice, spin-echo MR
                 can be analysed, and quantitative metrics of    data can be analysed, and quantitative
                     tissue characteristics are then reported.         metrics of tissue characteristics are then
                                                                  reported.
                   Datasets imported into LMS are DICOM 3.0
                   compliant, reported metrics are independent    Datasets imported into LMS are DICOM 3.0
                    of the MRI equipment vendor.                  compliant, reported metrics are independent
                                                                    of the MRI equipment vendor.
 Design: Tools     Allows for the visualisation via parametric       Allows for the visualisation via parametric
               maps and quantification of metrics (cT1, T2*   maps and quantification of metrics (cT1, T2*
                                                        and PDFF) from liver tissue and exportation of                and PDFF) from liver tissue and exportation of
                                                                          results & images to a deliverable report.                     results & images to a deliverable report.

                                                     LMSv3 allows for:               LMSv4 allows for:
                 cT1                                       cT1

                  •   Full segmentation of the outer liver         •   Full segmentation of the outer liver
                     contour and liver vasculature of the cT1        contour and liver vasculature of the cT1
                      parametric map. Interquartile Range (IQR)       parametric map.
                                                                             Interquartile Range (IQR) and median                   and median metrics are reported from the
                                                                      metrics are reported from the                      segmentation.                                                                   segmentation.


                                                                                         Page 4 of 9LMSv4 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

LMSv4 510(k) Summary


                               Comparison of Subject and Predicate Device
 Characteristic             LMSv4 (Subject device)                   LMSv3 (Predicate device)
                  •  ROI placed method on the cT1 map with    •  ROI placed method on the cT1 map with
                    IQR and median metrics from the placed       IQR and median metrics from the placed
                                                                        ROI’s potentially across multiple acquired                       ROI’s potentially across multiple acquired
                                                                                        slices.                             slices.

                 T2*                                     T2*

                  •  ROI placed method on the T2* map with    •  ROI placed method on the T2* map with
                    IQR and median metrics from the placed       IQR and median metrics from the placed
                       ROI’s potentially across multiple acquired        ROI’s potentially across multiple acquired
                                                                                        slices.                             slices.
                                                             •  T2* parametric maps are calculated from                  •  T2* parametric maps are calculated from                                                                   the three-point DIXON method.
                      the MOST method or the three-point
                  DIXON method.

                PDFF                                   PDFF
                  •   Full liver segmentation of the PDFF         •   Full liver segmentation of the PDFF
                                                                    parametric map where IQR and median                      parametric map where IQR and median
                                                                      metrics are reported from the                       metrics are reported from the
                                                                   segmentation.
                      segmentation.                                                             •  ROI placed method on the PDFF map with
                  •  ROI placed method on the PDFF map with                                                              IQR and median metrics from the placed
                    IQR and median metrics from the placed         ROI’s potentially across multiple acquired
                       ROI’s potentially across multiple acquired         slices.
                             slices.                                  •  PDFF parametric maps can be calculated
                                                                      using either the LMS IDEAL method 1 or                  •  PDFF parametric maps are calculated
                                                                    1                 the three-point DIXON method 2                       using the LMS IDEAL method

 Design: MR        T1, iron-corrected T1 (cT1) and T2* mapping.    T1, iron-corrected T1 (cT1) and T2* mapping.
 Relaxometry
 Design: Liver Fat   Utilizes MR images that exploit the difference    Utilizes MR images that exploit the difference
 Quantification     in resonance frequencies between hydrogen     in resonance frequencies between hydrogen
                    nuclei in water and triglyceride fat using the     nuclei in water and triglyceride fat using either
              LMS IDEAL method.                           the LMS IDEAL method or three-point DIXON
                                                          method.
 Design: Liver     LMSv4 supports automatic multi-slice full liver   LMSv3 supports automatic multi-slice full liver
 Segmentation     segmentation of the cT1 and PDFF parametric   segmentation of the cT1 and PDFF parametric
                map, use of this functionality is at the          map, use of this functionality is at the
                     discretion of the operator instead or in           discretion of the operator instead or in
                  combination with the ROI based method.       combination with the ROI based method.

                The cT1 segmented liver is presented in colour  The cT1 segmented liver is presented in colour
                      level window, while the rest of the cT1 image     level window, while the rest of the cT1 image
                           is presented in greyscale level window with         is presented in greyscale level window with
                   ducts and liver vasculature excluded from the    ducts and liver vasculature excluded from the
                segmented volume.                        segmented volume.


                                                                                         Page 5 of 9LMSv4 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

LMSv4 510(k) Summary


                               Comparison of Subject and Predicate Device
 Characteristic             LMSv4 (Subject device)                   LMSv3 (Predicate device)
 Design: Regions   Median and interquartile range measurements  Median and interquartile range measurements
 of Interest (ROI)   created from a cross sectional slice of liver       created from a cross sectional slice of liver
                      tissue. For each parametric map, statistics        tissue. For each parametric map, statistics
                 from multiple Regions of Interest (ROIs) –       from multiple Regions of Interest (ROIs) –
                     potentially placed across multiple slices – are     potentially placed across multiple slices – are
                 summarised.                               summarised.
 Design:           Iron corrected T1 (cT1), T2* and Proton          Iron corrected T1 (cT1), T2* and Proton
 Parametric        Density Fat Fraction (PDFF) parametric maps    Density Fat Fraction (PDFF) parametric maps
 Maps                 can be created from all supported scanners.    can be created from all supported scanners.

                PDFF is quantified using the LMS IDEAL        PDFF is quantified using the LMS IDEAL
                 method. Parametric maps of T2* may be       method or the three-point DIXON method.
                    optionally be computed using either the
                   three-point DIXON method or the LMS MOST
                 method.
 Design:         Numerous views within the LMSv4 interface    Numerous views within the LMSv4 interface
 Visualisation      can be used to assist in analysis, Iron-          can be used to assist in analysis, iron
                                                                 corrected T1 (cT1), T2* and triglyceride fat                   corrected T1 (cT1), T2* and triglyceride fat
                                                                          (also known as Proton Density Fat Fraction                     (also known as Proton Density Fat Fraction
                                                                   (PDFF)) parametric maps can be created from
                   (PDFF)) parametric maps can be created from                                                                                          all supported scanners.
                          all supported scanners. R2 maps can also be
                      utilised to assess the quality of the map fitting.  Iron corrected T1 (cT1) displayed using the
                                                     LMSv3 colourmap, designed to have maximum                     Iron- corrected T1 (cT1) displayed using LMSv4
                                                                    contrast on liver parenchymal tissue.                  colourmap, designed to have maximum
                    contrast on liver parenchymal tissue.
 Design:        DICOM 3.0 compliant MR data from supported  DICOM 3.0 compliant MR data from supported
 Supported      MRI scanners.                          MRI scanners.
 Modalities
 Design: Report    Quantified metrics and images derived from     Quantified metrics and images derived from
                  the analysis conducted of liver tissue           the analysis conducted of liver tissue
                     characteristic on parametric maps are collated   characteristic on parametric maps are
                    into a report for evaluation and interpretation   collated into a report for evaluation and
                 by a clinician.                                   interpretation by a clinician.
 Compatibility      Installation of LMSv4 is controlled and is          Installation of LMSv3 is controlled and is
 with the           installed on general purpose workstations that   installed on general purpose workstations
 environment     meet the minimum technical requirements at   that meet the minimum technical
                  Perspectum’s image analysis centre by         requirements at PD’s image analysis centre by
                      specialist members of staff.                        specialist members of staff.
 Performance     Device performance was assessed with         Device performance was assessed with
                   purpose-built phantoms and in-vivo acquired    purpose-built phantoms and in-vivo acquired
                  data from volunteers covering a range of       data from volunteers covering a range of
                    physiological values for cT1, T2* and PDFF.       physiological values for cT1, T2* and PDFF.
 Supported MRI    Validated across all listed supported            Validated across all listed supported
 Systems          manufacturers and field strengths.             manufacturers and field strengths.
 Standards         IEC 62304, IEC 62366, DICOM 3.0, ISO 14971,    IEC 62304, IEC 62366, DICOM 3.0, ISO 14971,
                  ISO 13485                                   ISO 13485


                                                                                         Page 6 of 9LMSv4 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

LMSv4 510(k) Summary


                               Comparison of Subject and Predicate Device
 Characteristic             LMSv4 (Subject device)                   LMSv3 (Predicate device)
 System/Operati  Mac OS                             Mac OS
 ng System
 Materials        Not applicable, standalone software.          Not applicable, standalone software.
 Biocompatibility  Not applicable, standalone software.          Not applicable, standalone software.
  Sterility         Not applicable, standalone software.          Not applicable, standalone software.
 Electrical Safety   Not applicable, standalone software.          Not applicable, standalone software.
 Mechanical      Not applicable, standalone software.          Not applicable, standalone software.
 Safety
 Chemical Safety   Not applicable, standalone software.          Not applicable, standalone software.
 Thermal Safety   Not applicable, standalone software.          Not applicable, standalone software.
 Radiation Safety  Not applicable, standalone software.          Not applicable, standalone software.

             Table 1. Comparison of similar characteristics between the subject and predicate device.

In conclusion, the subject device does not result in any new potential safety risk when compared to the chosen
predicate device and performs in accordance with its use characteristics and intended use.

5. Performance Testing
LMSv4 underwent performance testing under controlled conditions to corroborate that it is safe and effective when
used as intended. The performance testing conducted demonstrates that LMSv4 is at least as safe and effective as the
predicate device and does not introduce any new risks.

5.1.    Performance Testing - Bench
The accuracy and precision of device measurements was assessed using purpose-built phantoms containing vials with
different relaxation times corresponding to the physiological range of liver tissue values expected to be seen in-vivo.
Accuracy was measured by the proximity of quantified LMSv4 values to the gold standard. The results of which are
summarized below:

                                                         Accuracy
        Metric
                                         1.5T                              3T
                             Limits of Agreement
        cT1                      -189.5 to -35.11 ms                    -187.0 to -19.12 ms
         T2*                         -0.68 to 0.64 ms                        -0.30 to 0.39 ms
        IDEAL PDFF             (lower-3.80thantoground6.08% truth              lower-1.39thantoground5.58%truth
                                 Table 2. Pooled performance testing - bench

 •   The MOLLI-based T1 measurement produced by LMSv4 is consistent with the literature-reported
    underestimation of ground truth T1 using MOLLI techniques 34
 •  LMSv4 measurement of T2* is accurate over the expected physiological range of values
 •  LMSv4 measurement of PDFF is accurate over the expected physiological range of values

5.2.    Performance Testing - Clinical
To assess the precision of LMSv4 measurements across supported scanners in-vivo acquired volunteer data was used,
volunteers participating in the performance testing were representative of the intended patient population. Inter and
intra operator variability was also assessed. The results of which are summarized below:


                                                                                         Page 7 of 9LMSv4 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

LMSv4 510(k) Summary


                                                      Repeatability                   Reproducibility
                    Metric
                                                                 Limits of Agreement                     Limits of Agreement

                  cT1 (ROI)                           - 43.25 to 26.77 ms              -103 to 91.8 ms
              cT1 (Segmentation)                    - 40.75 to 25.02 ms             -102.3 to 93.69 ms
                T2* (DIXON)                           - 5.21 to 6.01 ms                -1.74 to 0.35 ms
                T2* (MOST)                           - 3.17 to 3.25 ms                -2.40 to 2.15 ms
               IDEAL PDFF (ROI)                   -1.48 to 1.42%                  -2.88 to 2.53%
          IDEAL PDFF (Segmentation)             -1.31 to 1.34 %                  -2.94 to 2.53%
                                 Table 3. Pooled performance testing - clinical

  •   LMSv4 measurements of cT1, T2* and PDFF are highly repeatable
  •   LMSv4 measurements of cT1, T2* and PDFF are reproducible between scanners and field strengths
  •   The variation introduced by operator measurements with both ROI placement and segmentation method is well
      within the prescribed acceptance criteria.

5.3.     Clinical Investigation
No clinical investigations or studies were conducted during performance testing of LMSv4.

6. Conclusion
The subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, both regulated under regulation 21 CFR
892.1000. Substantial equivalence is based on the following observations:

  •   The indications for use and intended uses of both the subject device and predicate device are substantially
      equivalent.
   •   The subject and predicate devices are both software applications which facilitate the import and visualization of
    MR data sets to visualise and enable quantification of physiological characteristics in the liver to provide
     measurements.
  •   The subject and predicate devices both support tools and features to derive measurements from MR images
     and parametric maps of tissue characteristics.
  •   The subject and predicate device facilitate the creation of a medical report containing the images and analysis
      output derived from quantification of liver tissue parameters intended to be interpreted by a trained clinician.
  •   Both the subject and predicate devices are designed to run on general-purpose computing hardware and
      intended to be used in the same environment.
  •   Performance testing and risk management demonstrates that the subject device performs at least as safely and
       effectively as the proposed predicate device and supports the determination of substantial equivalence.

In conclusion, the subject device does not result in any new potential safety risks when compared to the chosen
predicate device and performs in accordance with its use characteristics and intended use.


                                                                                         Page 8 of 9LMSv4 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

LMSv4 510(k) Summary

References
1. Reeder, S. B. et al. Iterative decomposition of water and fat with echo asymmetry and least-squares estimation

   (IDEAL): Application with fast spin-echo imaging. Magn. Reson. Med. 54, 636–644 (2005).

2. Dixon, W. T. Simple proton spectroscopic imaging. Radiology 153, 189–194 (1984).

3. Piechnik, S. K. et al. Shortened Modified Look-Locker Inversion recovery (ShMOLLI) for clinical myocardial T1-

  mapping at 1.5 and 3 T within a 9 heartbeat breathhold. J. Cardiovasc. Magn. Reson. 12, 69 (2010).

4. Puntmann, V. O. et al. Are T1 values to characterize myocardial tissue equivalent between various sequences:

   comparison of MOLLI, shMOLLI, 3’5-MOLLI and SASHA. J. Cardiovasc. Magn. Reson. 15, E18 (2013).


                                                                                         Page 9 of 9LMSv4 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed