Canon Medical Systems Corporation                                           April 23, 2021
℅ Orlando Tadeo, Jr.
Sr. Manager, Regulatory Affairs
Canon Medical Systems USA, Inc.
2441 Michelle Drive
TUSTIN CA 92780

Re: K203314
    Trade/Device Name:  Cartesion Prime (PCD-1000A/3) V10.8
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1200
    Regulation Name: Emission Computed Tomography System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: KPS, JAK
    Dated: March 23, 2021
    Received: March 24, 2021

Dear Mr. Tadeo:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K203314 - Orlando Tadeo, Jr.                                                           Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                   Indications for Use                          See PRA Statementbelow.

510(k) Number (ifknown)
 K203314

Device Name
Cartesion Prime (PCD-1000A/3) V10.8


Indications for Use (Describe)

The device is a diagnostic imaging system that combines Positron Emission Tomography (PET) and X-ray Computed
Tomography (CT) systems. The CT component produces cross-sectional images of the body by computer reconstruction
of X-ray transmission data. The PET component images the distribution of PET radiopharmaceuticals in the patient body.
The PET component utilizes CT images for attenuation correction and anatomical reference in the fused PET and CT
images.

This device is to be used by a trained health care professional to gather metabolic and functional information from the
distribution of the radiopharmaceutical in the body for the assessment of metabolic and physiologic functions. This
information can assist in the evaluation, detection, localization, diagnosis, staging, restaging, follow-up, therapeutic
planning and therapeutic outcome assessment of (but not limited to) oncological, cardiovascular, neurological diseases
and disorders. Additionally, this device can be operated independently as a whole body multi-slice CT scanner.

AiCE-i for PET is intended to improve image quality and reduce image noise for FDG whole body data by employing
deep learning artificial neural network methods which can explore the statistical properties of the signal and noise of PET
data. The AiCE algorithm can be applied to improve image quality and denoising of PET images.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)     E  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                        Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (7117)                             Page  1 of 1                                                 PSCPubling Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K203314

CaYn                                                          Made For lfeCANON MEDICAL SYSTEMS USA, INC.


       510(k) SUMMARY

           1.  SUBMITTER'S NAME:
            Fumiaki Teshima
            Senior Manager, Quality Assurance Department
          Canon Medical Systems Corporation
           1385 Shimoishigami
           Otawara-Shi, Tochigi-ken, Japan 324-8550

          2.  ESTABLISHMENT REGISTRATION:
          9614698

          3.  OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENT/CONTACT  PERSON:
           Orlando Tadeo, Jr.
                Sr. Manager, Regulatory Affairs
          Canon Medical Systems USA, Inc
          2441 Michelle Drive
             Tustin, CA 92780
             (714) 669-7459

          4.  Date Prepared:
          November 6, 2020

          5.  TRADE NAME(S):
            Cartesion Prime (PCD-1000A/3) V10.8

          6. COMMON NAME:
           System, X-ray, Computed Tomography
           System, Emission Computed Tomography

          7.  DEVICE CLASSIFICATION:
             Class   II (per 21 CFR 892.1750, Computed Tomography X-ray System and 21 CFR §892.1200,
            Emission Computed Tomography System)


   2441 Michelle Drive, Tustin, CA 92780    PHONE: 800-421-1968

   https://us.medical.canon
                                                                                          Page 1 of 5

8.  PRODUCT CODE  / DESCRIPTION:
    90JAK /Computed  Tomography X-Ray System
    90KPS / Emission Computed Tomography System

9.  PERFORMANCE STANDARD:
    This device conforms to applicable Performance Standards for Ionizing Radiation Emitting Products
    [21 CFR, Subchapter J, Part 1020]

10. PREDICATE DEVICE:
                         Marketed     Regulation   Regulation     Product  510(k)
      Product                                                                             Clearance Date
                         by         Number     Name         Code    Number

                         Canon                     Emission
                            Medical      21 CFR      Computed      Cartesion Prime,                                               KPS      K202349  October 15, 2020                          Systems     892.1200    Tomography      PCD-1000A, V10.7                       USA                     System


11. REASON FOR SUBMISSION:
    Modification of a cleared device

12. DEVICE DESCRIPTION:
    Cartesion Prime (PCD-1000A) V10.8 system combines a high-end CT and a high-throughput PET
    designed to acquire CT, PET and fusion images. The high-end CT system  is a multi-slice helical CT
    scanner with a gantry aperture of 780 mm and a maximum scan field of view (FOV) of 700 mm. The
    high-throughput PET system has a digital PET detector utilizing SiPM sensors with temporal
    resolution of <280 ps (263 ps typical). Cartesion Prime (PCD-1000A) V10.8 is intended to acquire
    PET images of any desired region of the whole body and CT images of the same region (to be used
    for attenuation correction or image fusion), to detect the location of positron emitting
    radiopharmaceuticals in the body with the obtained images.  This device is used to gather the
    metabolic and functional information from the distribution of radiopharmaceuticals in the body for
    the assessment of metabolic and physiologic functions. This information can assist research,
    detection, localization, evaluation, diagnosis, staging, restaging, follow-up of diseases and disorders,
    as well as their therapeutic planning, and therapeutic outcome assessment. This device can also
    function independently as a whole body multi-slice CT scanner.

   The subject device incorporates the latest reconstruction technology, AiCE-i for PET (Advanced
     Intelligent Clear-IQ Engine- integrated), intended to improve image quality and reduce image noise
    for FDG whole body data by employing deep learning artificial neural network methods which can
   more fully explore the statistical properties of the signal and noise of   PET data. The AiCE algorithm
     will be able to better differentiate signal from noise and can be applied to improve image quality
    and denoising of PET images.


                                                                                    Page 2 of 5

13. INDICATIONS FOR USE:
   The device is a diagnostic imaging system that combines Positron Emission Tomography (PET) and Xray Computed Tomography (CT) systems. The CT component produces cross-sectional images of the
   body by computer reconstruction of X-ray transmission data. The PET component images the
    distribution of PET radiopharmaceuticals in the patient body. The PET component utilizes CT images
    for attenuation correction and anatomical reference in the fused PET and CT images.

    This device is to be used by a trained health care professional to gather metabolic and functional
    information from the distribution of the radiopharmaceutical in the body for the assessment of
    metabolic and physiologic functions. This information can assist in the evaluation, detection,
    localization, diagnosis, staging, restaging, follow-up, therapeutic planning and therapeutic outcome
    assessment of (but not limited to) oncological, cardiovascular, neurological diseases and disorders.
    Additionally, this device can be operated independently as a whole body multi-slice CT scanner.

    AiCE-i for PET is intended to improve image quality and reduce image noise for FDG whole body data
    by employing deep learning artificial neural network methods which can explore the statistical
    properties of the signal and noise of an input PET image. The AiCE algorithm can be applied to
    improve image quality and denoising of PET images.


14. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE:
    Cartesion Prime (PCD-1000A) V10.8, is substantially equivalent to the primary predicate device,
    Cartesion Prime, PCD-1000A, V10.7 which received premarket clearance under K191582 and  is
   marketed by Canon Medical Systems USA. Both systems have the same indications for use and
    intended use. The Cartesion Prime, PCD-1000A, V10.7, incorporates modifications to the cleared
    device including implementation of AiCE-i for PET images, PET 1-mm reconstruction and Dynamic
    PET Acquisition/Reconstruction. These changes do not affect the safety or efficacy of the cleared
    device, as demonstrated in performance testing. The method of operation and manufacturing
    process for the Cartesion Prime remain unchanged from the cleared device. See below for a brief
    comparison of the technological characteristics between the subject and the predicate device:

                                                         Cartesion Prime        Cartesion Prime,
      Item                                                     (PCD-1000A/3) V10.8   PCD-1000A, V10.7
       510(k) Number                                      This submission       K202349

     Advanced Intelligent Clear-IQ Engine- integrated    Option               N/A
       for PET  [AiCE-i for PET]
      PET 1-mm Reconstruction System                 Option               N/A
      Dynamic PET Acquisition/Reconstruction System    Option               N/A


                                                                                    Page 3 of 5

15. SAFETY:
   The device is designed and manufactured under the Quality System Regulations as outlined in 21
   CFR § 820 and ISO 13485 Standards. This device is in conformance with the applicable parts of the
    following standards IEC60601-1, IEC60601-1-2, IEC60601-1-3, IEC60601-1-6, IEC60601-1-9,
    IEC60601-2-28, IEC60601-2-44, IEC60825-1, IEC62304, IEC62366, IEC61675-1, NEMAXR-25, NEMA
    XR-26, NEMA XR-29 and NEMA NU-2.  Additionally, this device complies with all applicable
    requirements of the radiation safety performance standards, as outlined in 21 CFR §1010 and
    §1020.

16. TESTING
    Risk analysis and verification/validation testing conducted through bench testing are included in this
    submission which demonstrates that the established specifications for the device have been met.
    Bench testing was conducted and  it was determined that use of CaLM Reconstruction resulted in
    images with improvements to image quality, quantification accuracy, count dependency, and
    preservation of quantification.

   A series of bench tests were conducted to support marketing claims associated with image quality,
    quantification accuracy, count dependency, and preservation of quantification. As demonstrated in
    these studies, AiCE-i for PET significantly improved Signal to Noise Ratio, improved quantification at
    the same noise, reduced the count rates while preserving noise, and that it preserves average SUV
   and activity concentration of the image.

   A series of bench tests were conducted to support marketing claims associated with CaLM image
    quality, quantification accuracy, CaLM count dependency, and CaLM preservation of quantification.
    As demonstrated  in these studies, CaLM improved Signal to Noise Ratio, improved contrast
   compared to OSEM+ Gaussian at equivalent noise level, and reduced the scan duration or
    equivalently the counts compared to OSEM+Gaussian postfilter while preserving noise.


    Performance Testing - Bench AiCE-i for PET Evaluations

   NEMA NU 2-2018 Image Quality
   Through the phantom experiment following NEMA NU 2-2018, the basic performance of AiCE-i for
    PET is measured. (Indices Measured: Contrast Recovery Coefficient (CRC), Background Variability
    (BGV), and Lung Residual Error.)

    AiCE-i for PET Phantom Artifact Check
    By visually inspecting the IEC Body phantom images, it is confirmed that AiCE-i for PET does not
    create any artifacts.

    AiCE-i for PET Quantification Accuracy
   A phantom study was conducted to confirm that AiCE-i for PET yields higher contrast than
   OSEM+Gaussian post-filtering at the same noise level.


                                                                                   Page 4 of 5

AiCE-i for PET Preservation of Quantification
   The study confirmed that AiCE-i for PET does not change over all quantification of reconstructed
    image of IEC Body Phantom. (Indices Measured: Background mean, Sum of SUV of the sphere slice,
   and Sum of SUV of the entire IEC Body Phantom.)

    AiCE-i for PET Clinical Data Check
   The visual inspection, including slice by slice comparison of AiCE-i for PET and No-Postfiltered image
    as well as OSEM+Gaussian 6mm image, confirmed AiCE-i for PET creates no artifact. (Indices
    Measured: Liver SUV, Live SD, Hotspot SUV, Hotspot SUVmax, and Slice-by-Slice SUV of every slice in
    the volume)

    AiCE-i for PET PSNR Measurements
    Using the clinical data of long scan duration that is not used in the DCNN training process, it was
   confirmed that AiCE-i for PET images show higher similarity to the long duration image compared to
   OSEM + Gaussian Postfilter images. (Indices Measured: Peak Signal to Noise Ratio (PSNR))

   Performance Testing - Clinical AiCE-i for PET Evaluation
   Three physicians having at least 20 years of experience in nuclear medicine reviewed the AiCE-i for
    PET images of five patients. All three physicians determined that all five AiCE-i for PET images were
    of diagnostic quality. Overall image quality, image sharpness and image noise were determined to
   be either improved or significantly improved in AiCE-i for PET images when compared to Gaussian
    images, with the exception of image noise, where one physician determined that the noise in AiCE-i
    for PET images is about the same as Gaussian images.


    Software Documentation for a Moderate Level of Concern, per the FDA guidance document,
    "Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices
   Document" issued on May 11, 2005, is also included as part of this submission.
    Cybersecurity documentation, per the FDA cybersecurity premarket guidance document "Content of
    Premarket Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices" issued on October 2,
    2014, is also included as part of this submission.

    Additionally, testing of the subject device was conducted in accordance with the applicable
    standards published by the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) for Medical Devices
   and CT Systems.

    This 510(k) submission was prepared based upon the FDA Guidance for Submission of Premarket
    Notifications for Emission Computed Tomography Devices and Accessories (SPECT and PET) and
    Nuclear Tomography Systems.

17. CONCLUSION
    Cartesion Prime (PCD-1000A) V10.8, performs in a manner that is similar to and  is intended for the
   same use as the predicate device, as indicated in product labeling. Based upon this information,
   conformance to standards, successful completion of software validation, application of risk
   management and design controls and the performance data presented in this submission  it is
   concluded that the subject device is substantially equivalent in safety and effectiveness to the
    predicate device.
                                                                                   Page 5 of 5