Imbio, LLC                                                      March 9, 2021
℅ Mr. William McLain
Manager, RA/QA
1015 Glenwood Avenue, Floor 4
MINNEAPOLIS MN 55405

Re: K203256
    Trade/Device Name: Imbio RV/LV Software
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: February 4, 2021
    Received: February 5, 2021

Dear Mr. McLain:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)

K203256 - Mr. William McLain                                                         Page 2


regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

SECTION 4. INDICATIONS FOR USE STATEMENT                                   20


  K203256


  RV/LV Software


   The Imbio RV/LV Software device is designed to measure the maximal diameters of the right
and left ventricles of the heart from a volumetric CTPA acquisition and report the ratio of those
measurements. RV/LV analyzes cases using an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify the location
and measurements of the ventricles. The RV/LV software provides the user with annotated images
showing ventricular measurements.  Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis
for clinical decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CTPA cases.

I. 510(K) SUMMARY - K203256                                               182


I  510(k) Summary - K203256

I.1  Submission Owner and Correspondent

Imbio, LLC
1015 Glenwood Avenue
Floor 4
Minneapolis, MN 55405
Contact: William McLain
Phone: 717-656-9656
E-Mail: billmclain@imbio.com

Other submissions correspondents:
Lauren Keith, Director of Engineering, and
Hatice Akakin, Machine Learning Specialist

I.2  Date Summary Prepared

February 1, 2021

I.3  Device Trade Name

RV/LV Software

I.4  Device Common Name

Automated Radiological Image Processing Software

I.5  Device Classification Name

Picture archiving and communications system. Classified as Class 2 at 21 CFR 892.2050,
product code QIH.

I.6  Legally Marketed Device To Which The Device Is
     Substantially Equivalent

The RV/LV Software is substantially equivalent to the ct42 Cardiac Computed Tomography
Software cleared under K111373.

I.7  Description of the Device

The Imbio CT RV/LV Software is a set of medical image post-processing computer algorithms that together perform automated image segmentation and diameter measurements
on computed tomography pulmonary angiography (CTPA) images. The device then reports the ratio of those diameter measurements. The Imbio CT RV/LV Software is a single

I. 510(K) SUMMARY - K203256                                               183


command-line executable program that may be run directly from the command-line or
through scripting and thus the user interface is minimal.
   Imbio RV/LV Software is a Software and Medical Device (SaMD) intended to provide
annotated images and a PDF report that will be read most typically at a PACS workstation.
Imbio RV/LV Software is an aid only used to support a physician in the analysis of CTPA
images.
   The Imbio RV/LV Software program reads in DICOM CPTA image datasets, processes
the data, then writes output DICOM files and summary reports to a specified directory.
Imbio RV/LV Software outputs DICOMs of the original input DICOM CPTA images overlaid with color-codings representing the results of RV/LV computer caliper measurement.
Additionally, a summary PDF report is output.
   Imbio RV/LV Software does not interface directly with any CT scanner or data collection
equipment; instead the software imports data files previously generated by such equipment
and is integrated as part of the radiological work-flow, reducing the risk of use errors.

I.8  Indications for Use

The Imbio RV/LV Software device is designed to measure the maximal diameters of the right
and left ventricles of the heart from a volumetric CTPA acquisition and report the ratio
of those measurements. RV/LV analyzes cases using an artificial intelligence algorithm to
identify the location and measurements of the ventricles. The RV/LV software provides the
user with annotated images showing ventricular measurements. Its results are not intended
to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical
assessment of CTPA cases.

I.9  Technological Characteristics

Table 5 compares the technological characteristics between the proposed RV/LV Software
and the predicate ct42 Cardiac Computed Tomography Software.

I. 510(K) SUMMARY - K203256                                               184


                  Table 5: Technological Characteristics Comparison

 Feature        Proposed Device -    Predicate Device - ct42 Cardiac
            RV/LV Software     Computed Tomography Software
                                   (K111373)

 510(k) #      TBD                 K111373

 Device Class      2                      2

 Product Code    QIH               LLZ

 Regulation        Picture Archiving and    Picture Archiving and communications
 Name            communications         systems
                   systems

 Regulation       21 CFR 892.2050        21 CFR 892.2050
 Number

 Indication for    Due to the length of    Due to the length of the statement, see
 Use               the statement, see       below.
                    below.

 Input Data       Non-gated, CT         EKG-gated Cardiac CT images
 Requirements     Pulmonary
                  Angiography images

 DICOM          Yes                    Yes
 Compliant

 LV              Yes                    Yes
 Segmentation

 RV              Yes                    Yes
 Segmentation

 Diameter         Yes - Automated        Yes - Manual
 Measurements

 Fully-automated  Yes                No
 segmentation

 Interface        Command-Line          Graphical user interface

 Outputs          Reports, DICOM        Report, DICOM Secondary Capture
                  Secondary Capture        Series.
                       series


Proposed RV/LV Software Indication for Use:  The Imbio RV/LV Software device is
designed to measure the maximal diameters of the right and left ventricles of the heart from a
volumetric CTPA acquisition and report the ratio of those measurements. RV/LV analyzes
cases using an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify the location and measurements
of the ventricles. The RV/LV software provides the user with annotated images showing

I. 510(K) SUMMARY - K203256                                               185


ventricular measurements. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for
clinical decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CTPA cases.

Predicate ct42 Cardiac Computed Tomography Software Indications for Use:
ct42 is intended to be used for viewing, post-processing and quantitative evaluation of cardiovascular computed tomography (CT) images in a Digital Imaging and Communications
in Medicine (DICOM) Standard format. It enables:

   • Importing Cardiac CT Images in DICOM format

   • Supporting clinical diagnostics by qualitative analysis of the cardiac CT images using display functionality such as panning, windowing, zooming, navigation through
      series/slices and phases, 3D reconstruction of images including multi-planner reconstructions of the images.

   • Supporting clinical diagnostics by quantitative measurement of the heart and adjacent
      vessels in cardiac CT images

   • Supporting clinical diagnostics by quantitative measurements of calcified plaques in
     the coronary arteries (calcium scoring), specifically Agatston and volume and mass
     calcium scores

    It shall be used by qualified medical professionals, experienced in examining and evaluating cardiovascular CT images, for the purpose of obtaining diagnostic information as part
of a comprehensive diagnostic decision-making process. ct42 is a software application that
can be used as a stand-alone product or in a networked environment.
   The target population for the ct42 is not restricted, however the image acquisition by a
cardiac CT scanner may limit the use of the device for certain sectors of the general public.
    ct42 shall not be used to view or analyze images of any part of the body except the
cardiac CT images acquired from a cardiovascular CT scanner.

I.10  Non-Clinical Testing

Non-clinical testing was conducted in the form of a software validation.

I.11  Biocompatibility

Biocompatibility testing is not applicable for the RV/LV Software.

I.12  Clinical Testing

Clinical performance testing was conducted in the form of a reader study.  In order to
assess the software’s clinical performance, two different evaluations were carried out. The
first test plan (Reader Study-I) demonstrated the improvement of the agreement among
general radiologist with the assistance of the RVLV output report. The second test (Reader
Study- II) will demonstrated the accuracy of RVLV diameter ratios compared to radiologist’s
measurement of the RVLV diameter ratio. Anonymized CTPA datasets were utilized in the
reader study.

I. 510(K) SUMMARY - K203256                                               186


I.13  Conclusions

The results of the comparison of design, intended use and technological characteristics
demonstrate that the device is as safe and effective as the legally marketed predicate device.