March 14, 2022
Arterys Inc.
℅ Marina Codari
Head of Clinical Evidence
51 Federal Street, Suite 305
SAN FRANCISCO CA 94107

Re: K203744
    Trade/Device Name: Arterys MICA
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: February 8, 2022
    Received: February 11, 2022

Dear Marina Codari:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K203744 - Marina Codari                                                              Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                                                                                  Digitally signed by
                                                                         Laurel M. Burk -S
                                                                        Date: 2022.03.14
                                                                        10:07:17 -04'00'
                                             Laurel Burk, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-ray Systems Team
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K203744
Device Name
Arterys MICA
Indications for Use (Describe)
Arterys MICA software is a medical diagnostic application that displays, processes, stores, and transfers DICOM and nonDICOM medical data. It provides the capability to store images and patient information, and perform filtering, digital
manipulation, and quantitative measurements. The client software is designed to run on standard personal and business
computers and on monitors/screens that meet appropriate technical specifications for image diagnosis.
Arterys MICA includes an optional Cardio AI module which is used to analyze the heart and its major vessels using
multi-slice, multi-phase, and velocity-encoded cardiovascular magnetic resonance (MR) images. It provides clinically
relevant and reproducible, quantitative data, and has been tested and validated on MR images acquired from both 1.5T and
3.0 T MR Scanners.
Arterys MICA includes an optional Oncology AI module which provides analytical tools to help the user assess and
document changes in morphological activity at diagnostic and therapy follow-up examinations. It is a tool used to support
the oncological workflow by helping the user confirm the absence or presence of lesions, including evaluation,
quantification, follow-up, and documentation of any such lesions.
Arterys MICA software is intended to be used as a support tool by trained healthcare professionals to aid in diagnosis. It is
intended to provide image and related information that is interpreted by a trained professional to render findings and/or
diagnosis, but it does not directly generate any diagnosis or potential findings.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

Traditional 510(k) Premarket
             Notification
              for
       Arterys® MICA


         K203744/S002


                   Arterys Inc.
          2100 Fillmore Street #100, San
             Francisco, CA 94115, U.S.A


Arterys Inc., Traditional 510(k)

Db ARTERYS
Section 5. 510(k) Summary
Arterys Inc., Traditional 510(k)

510(k) Summary


  1. General Information


Date Prepared: December 17, 2020
Date Updated: March 08, 2022

Submitter Information

Company Name              Arterys Inc.

Company Address           2100 Fillmore Street #100, San
                                Francisco, CA 94115, U.S.A

Contact Person            John Axerio-Cilies
                    CEO and CTO

Contact Information          Email: regulatory@arterys.com
                            Phone: 1 (650) 391-7111


Proposed Device

Proprietary Name                 Arterys® MICA

Common Name                 Medical image processing software

Model Number           AMM7

Regulation Number           21 CFR 892.2050 Medical image management and processing system

Product Code                   QIH/LLZ

Regulatory Class                              II


Predicate Device

Predicate Device                   Arterys® MICA, K192437
                                Product Code QIH/LLZ


Arterys Inc., Traditional 510(k)

2. Device Description

Arterys MICA, already cleared as per the predicate, is a dedicated software application used as a
Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) and non-DICOM information and
data management system. Pre-existing DICOM images, such as CT or MR, are uploaded into
Arterys MICA from a PACS or a scanner. Arterys MICA is completely hosted in the cloud and is
accessed using a compatible web browser by navigating to the following https://app.arterys.com.
Cloud servers are provided by Amazon Web Services (AWS) and service is accessible globally.

The Viewer AI application of Arterys MICA is designed around a modular architecture of
separate components that make up a basic image viewer. These include the Studylist, from which
studies are selected and opened, the image display (2D, 3D, MIP, etc), view synchronization,
metadata information, and various navigational, measurement, and other action tools.

Functionality provided by the Viewer AI is extended by the additional Cardio AI and Oncology
AI application modules which add support for specific clinical workflows:
  ●  Cardiac Workflow Module: Evaluates  multi-slice and multi-phase velocity-encoded
       cardiovascular magnetic resonance (MR) images to quantify blood flow and ventricular
        function. In addition, perfusion and delayed enhancement datasets are analyzed and
        quantified, and for parametric mapping, T1, T2, and T2* values are obtained to assess
        tissue changes in the myocardium, as well as ECV calculations.
  ●  Arterys MICA includes an optional Oncology AI module which provides analytical tools
        to help the user assess and document changes in morphological activity at diagnostic and
       therapy follow-up examinations. It is a tool used to support the oncological workflow by
       helping the user confirm the absence or presence of lesions, including evaluation,
        quantification, follow-up, and documentation of any such lesions.

Arterys MICA uses many deep learning algorithms to reduce many tedious, time-consuming
manual steps, such as segmentation, landmark identification, etc. The results of these AI models
are available on-screen to the user for further review and editing. The software does not perform
any functions that could not be accomplished by a trained user with a manual method; the
purpose of the automation is to save time and automate potential error-prone manual tasks, while
allowing the results to be reviewed as per the normal clinical workflow.

NOTE: The clinician retains the ultimate responsibility for making the pertinent diagnosis based
on  their standard practices and visual comparison of images. Arterys MICA software is a
complement to these standard procedures.


Arterys Inc., Traditional 510(k)

3. Indications for Use

Indications for Use Statement for Arterys MICA is as follows:
        Arterys® MICA software is a medical diagnostic application that displays, processes,
         stores, and transfers DICOM and non-DICOM medical data. It provides the capability to
         store images and patient information, and perform filtering, digital manipulation, and
         quantitative measurements. The client software is designed to run on standard personal
       and  business computers and on monitors/screens  that meet  appropriate  technical
         specifications for image diagnosis.


        Arterys MICA includes an optional Cardio AI module which is used to analyze the heart
       and   its  major  vessels  using   multi-slice,  multi-phase,  and  velocity-encoded
        cardiovascular MR images. It provides clinically relevant and reproducible, quantitative
         data, and has been tested and validated on MR images acquired from both 1.5T and 3.0
      T MR Scanners.

         Arterys MICA includes an optional Oncology AI module which provides analytical
         tools to help the user assess and document changes in morphological activity at
         diagnostic and therapy follow-up examinations.  It  is a tool used to support the
         oncological workflow by helping the user confirm the absence or presence of lesions,
         including evaluation, quantification, follow-up, and documentation of any such lesions

         Arterys MICA software is intended to be used as a support tool by trained healthcare
         professionals to aid in diagnosis. It is intended to provide image and related information
          that is interpreted by a trained professional to render findings and/or diagnosis, but it
        does not directly generate any diagnosis or potential findings.


  4. Predicate Device Comparison

The indications for use of the proposed device Arterys MICA is similar to the predicate device.
They are intended to be used as a support tool by trained healthcare professionals to aid in
diagnosis. The devices are intended to provide image and related information that is interpreted
by a trained professional to render findings and/or diagnosis.

The indications for use of the proposed device consists of the indications for use statement of the
predicate, Arterys MICA (K192437). The differences in the added indications for use are mainly
due to duplication with other phrases in the existing Arterys MICA (K192437) indications for use
statement and don’t raise different questions of safety and effectiveness.


Arterys Inc., Traditional 510(k)

The  ability of Viewer AI  to  display annotations (segmentation, measurements,  etc.) was
expanded to integrate similar outputs of 3rd party models (bounding boxes, heatmaps, etc.). The
safety and effectiveness of the 3rd party model is covered under the original manufacturer’s
regulatory clearance; Arterys only displays the simple output.

The cardiac MRI T1 and T2 workflows were added to the proposed Cardio AI product. The
workflows and feature  lists are in alignment with the SCMR (Society for Cardiovascular
Magnetic Resonance) Post Processing Consensus Statement (https://scmr.org/page/guidelines).
The workflows and  calculations  are based on published industry technical standards and
peer-reviewed publications, resulting in no different questions of safety and effectiveness.

The Arterys MICA software has the similar technological characteristics as the predicate device
and has the same uses and applications as the predicate device. Differences include minor
incremental updates to some of the existing software features for user experience improvements.
These software changes do not impact safety or efficacy of the device.


  5. Performance Data

Safety and performance of Arterys MICA has been evaluated and verified in accordance with
software specifications and applicable performance standards through software verification and
validation testing. The software verification and validation activities were performed as per IEC
62304:2006/AC:2015- Medical  device  software – Software  life  cycle processes and ISO
14971:2019 Medical devices -- Application of risk management to medical devices, in addition to
the FDA Guidance documents Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software
Contained  in Medical Devices and Content of Premarket Submission for Management of
Cybersecurity in Medical Devices.

Hundreds of software verification and validation tests were repeatedly conducted throughout the
software development effort, with any defects logged and traced to the failed tests. Defects were
then fixed or were assessed for approval in the released product.

In our validation assessment, we compared the average T1 and T2 values obtained with the
Arterys software in delineated regions of interest (ROIs) to the average intensity value obtained
in a similar ROI delineated in OEM vendor generated inline maps. The results showed that the
difference between calculated and expected T1 and T2 values were within predefined accuracy
requirements (i.e., 30 ms and 4 ms for T1 and T2 values, respectively). T1 and T2 values derived
with the Arterys software depends on the ROI selected by the user.


Arterys Inc., Traditional 510(k)

In the T1 workflow, endocardial and epicardial contours can be generated using a deep learning
model. The generated contours are user-modifiable. These contours are used to derive Global T1
values. A standalone performance assessment was performed on 90 Cardiac T1 Mapping MRI
short axis (SAX) scans from 16 studies. As a result, the device performed as intended compared
to ground-truth contours.


  6. Conclusion

Based on the information submitted in this premarket notification, and based on the indications
for use, technological characteristics and performance testing, Arterys MICA raises no new or
different questions of safety and effectiveness and is substantially equivalent to the predicate
device in terms of safety, efficacy and performance.


Arterys Inc., Traditional 510(k)