Perspectum Ltd.                                                     January 12, 2021
℅ Ioan Wigley
Chief Compliance Officer
5520 John Smith Drive
Oxford, Oxfordshire OX4 2LL
UNITED KINGDOM

Re: K203280
    Trade/Device Name: Hepatica (Hepatica v1)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic resonance diagnostic device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH
    Dated: October 1, 2020
    Received: November 16, 2020

Dear Ioan Wigley:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K203280 - Ioan Wigley                                                                Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K203280
Device Name
Hepatica (Hepatica v1)
Indications for Use (Describe)
Hepatica (Hepatica v1) is a post-processing medical device software that presents quantified metrics which may
contribute to the assessment of a patient’s liver health.
Hepatica (Hepatica v1) uses image visualisation and analysis tools to process DICOM 3.0 compliant magnetic resonance
image datasets to produce semi-automatic segmented 3D models of the liver based on the work of Couinaud and the
Brisbane 2000 terminology. For each identified Couinaud segment, volumetric data is determined and reported.
Hepatica (Hepatica v1) may also report iron corrected-T1 (cT1) and PDFF calculated using the IDEAL method from
multi-slice acquisitions, on a per segment basis, over the whole liver. Both metrics present numerical values of different
fundamental liver tissue characteristics that can be used as measures of liver tissue health.
Hepatica (Hepatica v1) provides trained clinicians with additional information to evaluate the volume and health of a
patient’s liver on a segmental basis. It is not intended to replace the established procedures for the assessment of a
patient’s liver health. However, information gathered through existing diagnostic tests, clinical evaluation of the patient,
as well Hepatica (Hepatica v1), may support surgical decision making.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

Hepatica v1 510(k) Summary

                                                              K203280

Date Prepared:                           28th October 2020

1. Submitter Details
Owner Address:                     Perspectum Ltd
                                  Gemini One,
                                 5520 John Smith Drive,
                                    Oxford Business Park,
                                      Oxford,
                             OX4 2LL


Owner/Operator Number:            10056574

Establishment Registration Number:    3014232555

Contact Person:                       Ioan Wigley
                                   ioan.wigley@perspectum.com
                                 +44 (0) 1865 655329

2. Subject and Predicate Device

                                             Subject Device                   Predicate Device

         510(k) number                     K203280                      K202170

          Legal Manufacturer               Perspectum Ltd.                 Perspectum Ltd.

        Owner/Owner Operator             10056574                     10056574
       NumberDevice Name                   Hepatica (Hepatica v1)            LiverMultiScan (LMSv4)
        Proprietary/Common                  Hepatica                       LiverMultiScan
       namePanel                                Radiology                        Radiology

         Regulation                         892.1000                       892.1000

          Risk Class                                Class II                             Class II

         Product Class code                  LNH                       LNH

           Classification                 System, Nuclear Magnetic         System, Nuclear Magnetic
                                      Resonance Imaging              Resonance Imaging


3. Subject Device Description

3.1.    Intended Use
Hepatica (Hepatica v1) is a post-processing medical device software that presents quantified metrics which may
contribute to the assessment of a patient’s liver health.

Hepatica (Hepatica v1) uses image visualisation and analysis tools to process DICOM 3.0 compliant magnetic
resonance image datasets to produce semi-automatic segmented 3D models of the liver based on the work of
Couinaud and the Brisbane 2000 terminology. For each identified Couinaud segment, volumetric data is determined
and reported.


                                                                                       Page 1 of 10Hepatica v1 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

Hepatica v1 510(k) Summary


Hepatica (Hepatica v1) may also report iron corrected-T1 (cT1) and PDFF calculated using the IDEAL method from
multi-slice acquisitions, on a per segment basis, over the whole liver. Both metrics present numerical values of
different fundamental liver tissue characteristics that can be used as measures of liver tissue health.

Hepatica (Hepatica v1) provides trained clinicians with additional information to evaluate the volume and health of a
patient’s liver on a segmental basis. It is not intended to replace the established procedures for the assessment of a
patient’s liver health. However, information gathered through existing diagnostic tests, clinical evaluation of the
patient, as well Hepatica (Hepatica v1), may support surgical decision making.

3.2.     Sterilization and Shelf Life
Hepatica v1 is a standalone software device thus it is non-contact, non-invasive and non-sterile. The shelf life of
Hepatica v1 is indefinite as long as the manufacturer continues to support the device. Both sterilization and shelf life
characteristics are equivalent of the predicate device.

3.3.    Biocompatibility
Hepatica v1 is a standalone software device thus it is non-contact and non-invasive. No biocompatibility testing was
deemed necessary to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of Hepatica v1. Hepatica v1 does not consist of
materials that differ from the predicate device.

3.4.    Software
Hepatica v1 was successfully validated and verified against the requirements specification and its intended use. The
results from the validation and verification activities, documented in this submission, corroborate that Hepatica v1
meets the product requirement specifications and intended use, which is deemed to be substantially equivalent to the
predicate (see section below).

Validation and verification activities were conducted in a controlled environment and in compliance with IEC
62304:2006, ISO 13485:2016 and 21 CFR 820. Hepatica v1 is also in compliance with the DICOM standard.

3.5.    Electromagnetic and Electrical Safety
Hepatica v1 is a standalone software device- there are no electromagnetic or electrical safety risks associated with the
direct use of the Hepatica v1 device. No electromagnetic or electrical safety testing was deemed necessary to
demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of Hepatica v1.


                                                                                       Page 2 of 10Hepatica v1 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

Hepatica v1 510(k) Summary


4. Subject and Predicate Comparison

4.1.    Subject and Predicate Device Comparison
The following characteristics were compared between the subject device and the predicate device in order to
demonstrate substantial equivalence.

                               Comparison of Subject and Predicate Device

     Characteristic             Hepatica v1 (Subject device)                LMSv4 (Predicate device)

 Intended Use and    “Hepatica (Hepatica v1) is a post-processing    “LiverMultiScan (LMSv4) is indicated for use
 Indications for Use   medical device software that presents         as a magnetic resonance diagnostic device
                       quantified metrics which may contribute to    software application for non-invasive liver
                      the assessment of a patient’s liver health.      evaluation that enables the generation,
                                                                        display and review of 2D magnetic resonance
                                                                medical image data and pixel maps for MR
                                                                        relaxation times.


                      Hepatica (Hepatica v1) uses image             LiverMultiScan (LMSv4) is designed to utilize
                         visualisation and analysis tools to process     DICOM 3.0 compliant magnetic resonance
                DICOM 3.0 compliant magnetic resonance     image datasets, acquired from compatible
                   image datasets to produce semi-automatic   MR systems, to display the internal structure
                   segmented 3D models of the liver based on    of the abdomen including the liver. Other
                      the work of Couinaud and the Brisbane 2000   physical parameters derived from the images
                      terminology. For each identified Couinaud    may also be produced.
                     segment, volumetric data is determined and
                       reported.


                      Hepatica (Hepatica v1) may also report iron    LiverMultiScan (LMSv4) provides a number of
                      corrected-T1 (cT1) and PDFF calculated using   tools, such as automated liver segmentation
                      the IDEAL method from multi-slice           and region of interest (ROI) placements, to
                         acquisitions, on a per segment basis, over     be used for the assessment of selected
                      the whole liver. Both metrics present          regions of an image. Quantitative
                      numerical values of different fundamental     assessments of selected regions include the
                            liver tissue characteristics that can be used     determination of triglyceride fat fraction in
                      as measures of liver tissue health.             the liver (PDFF), T2* and iron-corrected T1
                                                                        (cT1) measurements. T2* may be optionally
                                                        computed using the DIXON or LMS MOST
                                                             methods.
                      Hepatica (Hepatica v1) provides trained
                          clinicians with additional information to       These images and the physical parameters
                      evaluate the volume and health of a patient’s  derived from the images, when interpreted
                            liver on a segmental basis. It is not intended   by a trained clinician, yield information that
                       to replace the established procedures for the  may assist in diagnosis.”
                     assessment of a patient’s liver health.
                    However, information gathered through
                         existing diagnostic tests, clinical evaluation of
                      the patient, as well Hepatica (Hepatica v1),
                 may support surgical decision making.”
 Target Population     Patients who are suitable to undergo an MRI   Patients suitable to undergo an MRI scan and
                     scan and not contra-indicated for MRI.        not contra-indicated for MRI
                      Hepatica may benefit the clinical
                  management of patients who are being
                     considered for liver resection(s).

                                                                                       Page 3 of 10Hepatica v1 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

Hepatica v1 510(k) Summary


                               Comparison of Subject and Predicate Device

     Characteristic             Hepatica v1 (Subject device)                LMSv4 (Predicate device)

 Device User          Trained Perspectum internal operator         Trained Perspectum internal operator

 Report User        An interpreting clinician or healthcare       An interpreting clinician or healthcare
                        practitioner                                     practitioner

 Device Use            Installation of Hepatica v1 is controlled and is   Installation of LMSv4 is controlled and is
 Environment          installed on general purpose workstations      installed on general purpose workstations
                       that meet the minimum technical              that meet the minimum technical
                     requirements at Perspectum’s image analysis  requirements at Perspectum’s image analysis
                      centre by specialist members of staff          centre by specialist members of staff.
 Clinical Setting       Hepatica v1 is a standalone software device   LMSv4 is a standalone software device that is
                       that is intended to be installed on general     intended to be installed on general use
                     use workstations at Perspectum’s image       workstations at Perspectum’s image analysis
                        analysis centres. The intended device users     centres. The intended device users will log
                            will log on to the workstations, access the     on to the workstations, access the device,
                        device, and use the device on general-use     and use the device on general-use HD
                HD monitors.                                monitors.

                      Hepatica v1 is a post-processing software     LMSv4 is a post-processing software and the
                   and the intended device users are trained     intended device users are trained
                    Perspectum internal operators.              Perspectum internal operators.

                     Operators use Hepatica v1 to conduct         Operators use LMS to conduct quantitative
                        quantitative analysis of liver tissue              analysis of liver tissue characteristics to
                         characteristics to produce a report.           produce a report.

                   The end-users for the output from the        The end-users for the output from the
                        device, the report, are clinicians who receive   device, the report, are clinicians who receive
                   and interpret Hepatica v1 reports.           and interpret LMSv4 reports.
 Anatomical         Abdomen, including the Liver              Abdomen, including the liver
 Location

 Energy              Hepatica is a standalone software          LMS is a standalone software application. It
 Considerations        application. It does not deliver, monitor or     does not deliver, monitor or depend on
                   depend on energy delivered to or from        energy delivered to or from patients.
                         patients.
 Design: Purpose      Hepatica is a standalone software application  LMS is a standalone software application that
                       that imports MR datasets encompassing the   imports MR data sets encompassing the
                   abdomen, including the liver. Visualisation    abdomen, including the liver. Visualisation
                   and display of T1-weighted MR data which    and display of 2D multi-slice, spin-echo MR
                    can be analysed, and quantitative metrics of   data can be analysed, and quantitative
                         tissue characteristics and liver volume are      metrics of tissue characteristics are then
                     then reported.                                reported.

                      Datasets imported into Hepatica are DICOM    Datasets imported into LMS are DICOM 3.0
                       3.0 compliant and reported metrics are        compliant, reported metrics are independent
                    independent of the MRI equipment vendor.    of the MRI equipment vendor.

 Design: Tools         Allows for the 3D visualisation of the liver      Allows for the visualisation via parametric
                   and quantification of metrics (cT1, PDFF and   maps and quantification of metrics (cT1, T2*
                      volumetry) from liver tissue and exportation   and PDFF) from liver tissue and exportation
                       of results and images to a deliverable report.   of results and images to a deliverable report.


                                                                                       Page 4 of 10Hepatica v1 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

Hepatica v1 510(k) Summary


                               Comparison of Subject and Predicate Device

     Characteristic             Hepatica v1 (Subject device)                LMSv4 (Predicate device)


                      Hepatica v1 allows for:                   LMSv4 allows for:

                     Volumetry                                cT1

                     •   Reporting of whole liver and segmental    •   Full segmentation of the outer liver
                       volume                                    contour and liver vasculature of the cT1
                     •   Semi-automatic segmentation of the          parametric map. IQR and median metrics
                         outer contour of the liver                     are reported from the segmentation.
                     •   Semi-automatic segmentation of the      •  ROI placed method on the cT1 map with
                                 liver into Couinaud segments via placed       IQR and median metrics from the placed
                        landmarks of anatomical areas of              ROI’s potentially across multiple
                             interest                                    acquired slices.

                    cT1 and PDFF metrics may be quantified and   T2*
                     loaded from LMS when analysis has been
                    conducted on the same patient. Datasets      •  ROI placed method on the T2* map with
                     imported from LMS contain all image analysis     IQR and median metrics from the placed
                     warnings and cautions associated with the         ROI’s potentially across multiple
                         individual analysis and are included in the         acquired slices.
                      hepatica report.                            •  T2* parametric maps are calculated from
                                                                     the MOST method or the three-point
                                                         DIXON method (1)

                                                         PDFF

                                                               •   Full liver segmentation of the PDFF
                                                                     parametric map where IQR and median
                                                                       metrics are reported from the
                                                                    segmentation.
                                                               •  ROI placed method on the PDFF map
                                                                     with IQR and median metrics from the
                                                                    placed ROI’s potentially across multiple
                                                                     acquired slices
                                                               •  PDFF parametric maps are calculated
                                                                        using the LMS IDEAL method (2)
 Design: MR          Hepatica v1 does not support quantification    T1, iron- and fat- corrected T1 (cT1) and T2*
 Relaxometry          of metrics from MR relaxometry. If cT1       mapping
                         results are imported from LMS, cT1 may be
                      reported for all individual Couinaud
                    segments and for whole-liver analysis.
                   Median T2* values are given from the cT1
                         quantification.
 Design: Liver Fat       Liver fat quantification data is imported from   Utilizes MR images that exploit the
 Quantification        the predicate device (LMSv4), where           difference in resonance frequencies between
                         available. If PDFF results are imported from    hydrogen nuclei in water and triglyceride fat
                    LMS, PDFF may be reported for all individual   using the LMS IDEAL method (2).
                    Couinaud segments as well as Whole-liver
                   PDFF based on the segmented outerPage 5 of 10Hepatica v1 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

Hepatica v1 510(k) Summary


                               Comparison of Subject and Predicate Device

     Characteristic             Hepatica v1 (Subject device)                LMSv4 (Predicate device)

                      contour. PDFF parametric maps are
                       calculated using the LMS IDEAL method (2).
 Design: Liver         Hepatica v1 supports semi-automatic liver    LMSv4 supports automatic multi-slice full
 Segmentation       segmentation of T1-weighted volumetric        liver segmentation of the cT1 and PDFF
                        data.                                       parametric maps. Use of this functionality is
                                                                        at the discretion of the operator, instead or
                         Liver segmentation in Hepatica v1 requires      in combination, with the ROI based method.
                      the placement of anatomical landmarks to
                       define the outer contours of the liver and     The cT1 segmented liver is presented in
                    can be adjusted by the operator, where        colour level window, while the rest of the
                       necessary.                                cT1 image is presented in greyscale level
                                                      window with liver vasculature excluded from
                 Where available, whole liver and segmental    the segmented volume.
                    cT1 and PDFF quantitative metrics derived
                    from the predicate device may be presented
                          in the final report.
 Design: Regions of   Does not support ROI functionality.          Median and interquartile range
 Interest (ROI)                                              measurements created from a cross
                                                                        sectional slice of liver tissue. For each
                                                                 parametric map, statistics from multiple
                                                                Regions of Interest (ROIs) – potentially
                                                                 placed across multiple slices – are
                                                             summarised.

                                                                    Also supports the display of ‘Live’ ROI
                                                                                   statistics when moving the ROI across the
                                                                 parametric map.
 Design: Parametric   Hepatica uses volumetric datasets to create    Iron corrected T1 (cT1), T2* and Proton
 Maps            2D anatomical views from all supported        Density Fat Fraction (PDFF) parametric maps
                       scanners.                                can be created from all supported scanners.

                 Where available, cT1 and PDFF parametric        It is possible to use the T2* and PDFF maps
                  maps are derived from the predicate device.   and knowledge of the T2* and PDFF
                                                         measurements and the scanner field
                                                                    strength to correct for signal changes related
                                                                     to iron deposits, producing a cT1 map. The
                                                             cT1 map eliminates the effects of elevated
                                                                        iron from the T1 measurement (3) and
                                                                    standardizes for the fat signal across scanner
                                                                 manufacturers.

                                                         PDFF is quantified using the LMS IDEAL
                                                           method. Parametric maps of T2* may be
                                                                        optionally be computed using either the
                                                                     three-point DIXON method or the LMS MOST
                                                           method.


                                                                                       Page 6 of 10Hepatica v1 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

Hepatica v1 510(k) Summary


                               Comparison of Subject and Predicate Device

     Characteristic             Hepatica v1 (Subject device)                LMSv4 (Predicate device)

 Design:            Numerous views in the Hepatica v1 interface  Numerous views within the LMSv4 interface
 Visualisation        can be used to assist analysis.               can be used to assist in analysis, Ironcorrected T1 (cT1), T2* and triglyceride fat
                     Operators are able to see live views of          (also known as Proton Density Fat Fraction
                        crosshair placements during landmarking       (PDFF)) parametric maps can be created
                       across multiple image planes simultaneously   from all supported scanners. R2 maps can
                   and adjust contrast where required.            also be utilised to assess the quality of the
                      Lesion segmentation will be performed by    map fitting.
                       navigating through the axial slices using the
                        crosshair tool and “painting in” the segment    Iron- corrected T1 (cT1) displayed using
                  on each slice.                          LMSv4 colourmap, designed to have
                                                  maximum contrast on liver parenchymal
                     Operators will be required to navigate           tissue.
                     through the axial, sagittal and coronal planes
                       using the crosshair tool to confirm that the
                       delineation carried out by the device is
                       accurate. The borders can be adjusted
                        accordingly.

                    Views of the segmented liver and lesions are
                    updated in real-time and can be rotated in a
                 3D space. Paint, eraser and zooming
                         functionalities are also available to the
                       operator.

                 Where available, operators can review the
                        position of cT1 and PDFF slices (derived from
                    LMSv4) within the 3D view of the liver.

 Design: Supported   DICOM 3.0 compliant MR data from        DICOM 3.0 compliant MR data from
 Modalities           supported MRI scanners.                    supported MRI scanners.
 Design: Report       Quantified metrics and images derived from    Quantified metrics and images derived from
                      the analysis of liver volume and tissue         the analysis of liver tissue characteristic on
                         characteristics are collated into a report for    parametric maps are collated into a report
                       evaluation and interpretation by a clinician.     for evaluation and interpretation by a
                                                                                   clinician.
                    Images
                    Images of the whole liver divided into       When segmentation analysis is used a
                    Couinaud segments are presented in           representative pie- chart is provided based
                       greyscale in the report.                   on the confirmed segmentation contour
                                                           from the PDFF map. The voxels within the
                 Where available, cT1 and PDFF slices are also  segmentation are separated into 5
                     presented from the imported LMSv4           categories (<5% PDFF, 5-10% PDFF, 10-33%
                          analysis.                                   PDFF, 33-66% PDFF and >66%) to give
                                                                   proportions based on PDFF. These categories
                      Values                                 were chosen based on the work of Kleiner et
                  Whole and segmental liver volume metrics      al (3) and Satkunasingham et al (4) on the
                       calculated during analysis are provided in the   grading of histological features presented in
                        report.                                      Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.


                                                                                       Page 7 of 10Hepatica v1 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

Hepatica v1 510(k) Summary


                               Comparison of Subject and Predicate Device

     Characteristic             Hepatica v1 (Subject device)                LMSv4 (Predicate device)

                 Where available, whole liver segmental cT1    Based on the placed ROIs, for each metric
                   and PDFF values are provided. For each        the median and IQR are given as well as a
                        metric, the median, IQR and a ‘reference       ‘reference range’.
                      range’ are provided.
 Compatibility with     Installation of Hepatica v1 is controlled and is   Installation of LMSv4 is controlled and is
 the environment      installed on general purpose workstations      installed on general purpose workstations
                       that meet the minimum technical              that meet the minimum technical
                     requirements at Perspectum’s image analysis  requirements at Perspectum’s image analysis
                      centre by specialist members of staff.          centre by specialist members of staff.
 Performance         Device performance was assessed with        Device performance was assessed with
                       previously acquired in-vivo data from healthy   purpose-built phantoms and in-vivo acquired
                   and non-healthy volunteers.                  data from volunteers covering a range of
                                                                        physiological values for cT1, T2* and PDFF.

 Human Factors       Assessed in accordance with IEC 62366 and    Assessed in accordance with IEC 62366 and
                  FDA guidance document ‘Applying Human    FDA guidance document ‘Applying Human
                       Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical   Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical
                        Devices.’                                       Devices.’

 Supported MRI       Validated across all listed supported           Validated across all listed supported
 Systems             manufacturers and field strengths.            manufacturers and field strengths.

 Standards            IEC 62304, IEC 62366, DICOM 3.0, ISO 14971,   IEC 62304, IEC 62366, DICOM 3.0, ISO 14971,
                     ISO 13485                                 ISO 13485
 System/Operating   Mac OS                            Mac OS
 System
 Materials           Not applicable, standalone software          Not applicable, standalone software
 Biocompatibility     Not applicable, standalone software          Not applicable, standalone software
 Sterility            Not applicable, standalone software          Not applicable, standalone software
 Electrical Safety      Not applicable, standalone software          Not applicable, standalone software
 Mechanical Safety    Not applicable, standalone software          Not applicable, standalone software
 Chemical Safety     Not applicable, standalone software          Not applicable, standalone software
 Thermal Safety      Not applicable, standalone software          Not applicable, standalone software
 Radiation Safety     Not applicable, standalone software          Not applicable, standalone software

             Table 1. Comparison of similar characteristics between the subject and predicate device.

In conclusion, the subject device does not result in any new potential safety risk when compared to the chosen
predicate device and performs in accordance with its use characteristics and intended use.

5. Performance Testing
Hepatica v1 underwent performance testing under controlled conditions to corroborate that it is safe and effective
when used as intended. The performance testing conducted demonstrates that Hepatica v1 is at least as safe and
effective as the predicate device and does not introduce any new risks.

5.1.    Performance Testing - Clinical
To assess the accuracy and precision of Hepatica v1 measurements across supported scanners, previously acquired invivo volunteer data was used. Volunteers participating in the performance testing were representative of the
intended patient population. Inter and intra operator variability was also assessed. The results of which are
summarized below:


                                                                                       Page 8 of 10Hepatica v1 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

Hepatica v1 510(k) Summary


Accuracy

 Metric                     Volume (% of total liver              cT1                  PDFF
                                    volume)

        Liver Segment         Upper and Lower Limits of    Upper and Lower Limits   Upper and Lower Limits
                                 Agreement                 of Agreement              of Agreement
 Segment 1                       -0.49% to 0.95%            -1.13% to 0.61%          -0.26% to 0.21%
 Segment 2                       -3.09% to 5.06%            -2.38% to 1.56%          -0.33% to 0.38%
 Segment 3                        -5.01% to 3.9%             -1.51% to 1.31%          -0.16% to 0.17%
 Segment 4a                      -4.60% to 4.26%            -0.77% to 1.10%          -0.30% to 0.23%
 Segment 4b                      -5.50% to 2.56%            -1.32% to 1.13%          -0.16% to 0.14%
 Segment 5                       -1.54% to 3.38%            -1.11% to 0.87%          -0.16% to 0.18%
 Segment 6                       -4.34% to 4.29%            -1.00% to 0.83%          -0.16% to 0.26%
 Segment 7                       -3.30% to 1.79%            -0.88% to 0.64%          -0.12% to 0.18%
 Segment 8                       -3.86% to 5.54%            -0.91% to 1.09%          -0.24% to 0.32%
 Whole liver                      -4.16% to 0.54%            0.00% to 0.00%          -0.02% to 0.02%
   Table 2: Performance testing results for Hepatica v1 accuracy when compared to the gold standard (radiologists)

Precision

   Liver Segment (% of total liver                Repeatability                           Reproducibility
            volume)
                             Upper and Lower limits of Agreement   Upper and Lower Limits of Agreement
 Segment 1                               -0.72% to 0.65%                      -1.39% to 0.90%
 Segment 2                               -3.06% to 3.24%                      -3.10% to 3.15%
 Segment 3                               -2.67% to 3.13%                      -2.41% to 2.06%
 Segment 4a                              -2.48% to 2.43%                      -2.54% to 2.58%
 Segment 4b                             -1.82% to 1.96%                      -1.70% to 1.74%
 Segment 5                               -4.45% to 4.45%                      -4.97% to 5.94%
 Segment 6                               -3.60% to 4.10%                      -3.69% to 5.40%
 Segment 7                               -3.32% to 3.33%                      -4.39% to 3.59%
 Segment 8                               -4.99% to 3.81%                      -6.23% to 5.04%
 Whole liver                              -6.15% to 3.78%                      -16.6% to 6.95%
                       Table 3: Pooled performance testing results for Hepatica v1 precision

Performance testing of Hepatica v1 demonstrates that:

•   Metrics reported by Hepatica v1 (cT1, PDFF and volumetry in the whole liver and in each liver segment) are
   comparable to the gold standard (considered to be radiologists)
•   Hepatica v1 measurements of volumetry are highly repeatable
•   Hepatica v1 measurements of volumetry are highly reproducible
•  The variation introduced by operator measurements are well within the acceptance criteria
•  cT1 and PDFF measurements reported by Hepatica v1 are within the acceptance criteria set for the predicate device.


                                                                                       Page 9 of 10Hepatica v1 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

Hepatica v1 510(k) Summary


5.2.     Clinical Investigation
No clinical investigations or studies were conducted during performance testing of Hepatica v1.

6. Conclusion
The subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, and is based on the following observations:


•  The indications for use and intended use of the subject device fall within the general tool-type claims of the
    predicate device.
•  The subject device and predicate device both support multi-slice MR data acquired using the specific acquisition
    protocols, from supported MR systems, to acquire the input data.
•  The subject and predicate devices include software applications which utilise MR data to visualise and enable
    quantification of physiological characteristics in the liver to provide measurements which may be used to assess
     liver health.
•  Both the subject device and the predicate device include applications to facilitate the import and visualization of
  MR data sets and include tools to enable the manipulation of the views and to enable the quantification and
    analysis of tissue characteristics in the liver from the MR data.
•  The subject and predicate device are both standalone software applications to facilitate the import and
    visualization of MR data sets.
•  The subject and predicate devices enable the quantification of analysis of tissue characteristics in the liver from
    the MR data.
•  The subject and predicate device facilitate the creation of a medical report containing the images and analysis
    output derived from quantification of liver tissue parameters intended to be interpreted by a trained clinician.
•  The subject and predicate device reports all include tabular display of quantification statistics, parametric map
   images and include normal range references.
•  Both the subject and predicate devices are designed to run on general-purpose computing hardware.
•  Both the subject and predicate device are intended to be used in the same use environment and by trained
   Perspectum operators.
•  Performance testing demonstrates that the subject device performs at least as safely and effectively as the
   proposed predicate device.


References

1. Reeder, S. B. et al. Iterative decomposition of water and fat with echo asymmetry and least-squares estimation

   (IDEAL): Application with fast spin-echo imaging. Magn. Reson. Med. 54, 636–644 (2005).

2. Dixon, W. T. Simple proton spectroscopic imaging. Radiology 153, 189–194 (1984).

3. Piechnik, S. K. et al. Shortened Modified Look-Locker Inversion recovery (ShMOLLI) for clinical myocardial T1-

  mapping at 1.5 and 3 T within a 9 heartbeat breathhold. J. Cardiovasc. Magn. Reson. 12, 69 (2010).

4. Puntmann, V. O. et al. Are T1 values to characterize myocardial tissue equivalent between various sequences:

   comparison of MOLLI, shMOLLI, 3’5-MOLLI and SASHA. J. Cardiovasc. Magn. Reson. 15, E18 (2013).


                                                                                      Page 10 of 10Hepatica v1 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed