June 10, 2021

Digital Diagnostics Inc.
Ashley Miller
Regulatory Affairs Manager
2300 Oakdale Blvd.
Coralville, Iowa 52241


Re: K203629
    Trade/Device Name: IDx-DR
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 886.1100
    Regulation Name: Retinal Diagnostic Device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: PIB
    Dated: May 11, 2021
    Received: May 11, 2021

Dear Ashley Miller:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                              D o c I D # 0 4 0 1 7 .04 .2 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K203629 - Ashley Miller                                                                Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
               Elvin Y. Ng -S

                                             Elvin Ng
                                               Assistant Director
                                 DHT1A: Division of Ophthalmic Devices
                                  OHT1: Office of Ophthalmic, Anesthesia,
                                                 Respiratory, ENT and Dental Devices
                                           Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                           Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K203629
Device Name
IDx-DR
Indications for Use (Describe)
IDx-DR is indicated for use by healthcare providers to automatically detect more than mild diabetic retinopathy in adults
diagnosed with diabetes who have not been previously diagnosed with diabetic retinopathy. IDx-DR is indicated for use
with the Topcon NW400.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K203629                                                               Page 1 of 7


   V.    510(k) Summary

I.     Submitter

        Digital Diagnostics Inc.
      2300 Oakdale Blvd.
        Coralville, IA 52241
      Phone: 319-248-5620

      Contact Person: Ashley Miller
      Date Prepared: December 4, 2020

II.    Device

     Name of Device: IDx-DR
     Common or Usual Name: Diabetic Retinopathy Detection Device
       Classification Name: Retinal diagnostic software device
      Regulatory Class: II
       Regulation: 21 CFR 886.1100
      Product Code: PIB

III.    Predicate Device

      IDx-DR, Diabetic Retinopathy Detection Device, DEN180001
       This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.

     No reference devices were used in this submission.

IV.    Indications for Use

      IDx-DR is indicated for use by healthcare providers to automatically detect more than
       mild diabetic retinopathy in adults diagnosed with diabetes who have not been previously
       diagnosed with diabetic retinopathy. IDx-DR is indicated for use with the Topcon
     NW400.
      The Indications for Use statement is identical to the predicate device.

V.    Device Description

      The IDx-DR device consists of several component parts (see image below). A camera is
       attached to a computer, where IDx-DR client is installed. Guided by the Client, users
       acquire two fundus images per eye to be dispatched to IDx-Service. IDx-Service is
        installed on a server hosted at a secure datacenter. From IDx-Service, images are

K203629                                                               Page 2 of 7


        transferred to IDx-DR Analysis. No information other than the fundus images is required
        to perform the analysis. IDx-DR Analysis, which runs on dedicated servers hosted in the
      same secure datacenter as IDx-Service, processes the fundus images and returns
       information on the exam quality and the presence or absence of mtmDR to IDx-Service.
       IDx-Service then transports the results to the IDx-DR Client that displays them to the
        user.


Figure 1: IDx-DR Components
   The component parts of IDx-DR illustrated above are summarized as follows:
       •  IDx-DR Analysis: Software that analyzes the patient’s images and determines exam
           quality and the presence/absence of diabetic retinopathy.
       •  IDx-DR Client: A software application component running on a computer, usually
          connected to the fundus camera, at the customer site. Using this software, the
          customer can transfer images to IDx-DR Analysis via IDx-Service and receive results
           back.
       •  IDx-Service: IDx-Service comprises a general exam analysis service delivery
          software package. IDx-Service contains a webserver front-end that securely handles
          incoming requests, a database that stores customer information, and a logging system
            that records information about each transaction through IDx-Service. IDx-Service is
           also primarily responsible for device cybersecurity.

VI.   Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

      IDx-DR, the subject device of this 510(k), has the same intended use and indications for
       use as the predicate IDx-DR device cleared under DEN180001.
        Artificial intelligence software as a medical device is the main technological principle for
       both the subject and predicate devices. The software as a medical device uses artificial
        intelligence technology to analyze specific disease features from fundus retinal images
        for diagnostic screening of diabetic retinopathy. The subject and predicate devices are
       based on the same general technological elements:

K203629                                                               Page 3 of 7


          •  Fundus camera to obtain retinal images
          •  IDx-DR Client installed on a computer to guide the user to acquire images using
               the fundus camera, transfer the images to IDx-DR Analysis via IDx-Service, and
               receive the results
          •  IDx-DR Analysis to analyze the patient’s images for exam quality and the
              presence/absence of diabetic retinopathy
          •  IDx-Service to facilitate secure transfer of exam data from IDx-DR Client to IDxDR Analysis and the results from IDx-DR Analysis back to IDx-DR Client
      The major technological differences that exist between each component of the subject
      and predicate devices are described below.
       IDx-Service
          •  The subject device allows of the submission of DICOM images
          •  The subject device provides improved feedback to the client by distinguishing
             between the states “submission not found” and “submission not ready”
          •  The subject device tracks image analysis statistics, such as analysis start and end
      IDx-DR Client
          •  The subject device does not require the user to “refresh” the user interface to
               display new exams
          •  The subject device incorporates customer configuration options:
             o  Submission of DICOM images
             o  Output filename structure
             o  Highlight most recent exam
             o  Masking of exam result on the user interface (the result is unchanged in
                      the final report)
             o  Dark mode for viewing based on customer preference
          •  The subject device incorporates a guided workflow in IDx-DR Client to guide the
              user through the image acquisition/submission and display step-by-step
               instructions directly on the user interface
          •  The subject device incorporates local image retention
          •  The subject device incorporates a training mode
          •  The subject device in-exam image quality feedback and allows the user to resubmit images when applicable

K203629                                                               Page 4 of 7


      IDx-DR Analysis
          •  The subject device determines image fixations when the number of left and right
             eye images does not meet protocol requirements
       Table 3 provides a comparison between the technical characteristics and indications for
       use of the subject and predicate devices.

Table 1: Comparison of the Subject and Predicate Device
                     Subject Device           Predicate Device          Discussion
                    IDx-DR           IDx-DR, DEN180001
 Component   IDx-DR Client v3.2.0      IDx-DR Client v2.0.1        Substantially
 Software      IDx-DR Analysis v2.1.1    IDx-DR Analysis v2.0.1     Equivalent. The
 Versions       IDx-Service v1.1.2         IDx-Service v1.0.0         changes described
                                                                 above do not
               See above for the major                                    significantly affect
                  technological differences                                 the use of the
               between each component                                 device, clinical
                  of the subject and                                           functionality, nor
                  predicate device.                                     performance of the
                                                                       device as
                                                                      supported by
                                                                        software
                                                                                verification and
                                                                             validation testing.
 Technological  Artificial intelligence         Artificial intelligence       Equivalent
 Principle       software as a medical       software as a medical
                  device.                      device.
 Indications    For use by healthcare       For use by healthcare       Equivalent
 for Use         providers to automatically   providers to automatically
                  detect more than mild        detect more than mild
                   diabetic retinopathy in       diabetic retinopathy in
                  adults diagnosed with        adults diagnosed with
                  diabetes who have not       diabetes who have not
                been previously diagnosed  been previously diagnosed
                with diabetic retinopathy.   with diabetic retinopathy.
 Indicated     Topcon NW400 fundus     Topcon NW400 fundus     Equivalent
 Camera       camera                  camera
 Inputs        Macula and disc centered   Macula and disc centered    Equivalent
                  color fundus images with    color fundus images with
                45° field of view, 2 per     45° field of view, 2 per
                  eye.                         eye.
 Outputs        Detection of diabetic        Detection of more than      Equivalent
                  retinopathy and referral     mild diabetic retinopathy
                  decision:               (mtmDR) and referral
                                                decision:

K203629                                                               Page 5 of 7


                •  mtmDR detected:       •  mtmDR detected:
                    Refer to an eye care         Refer to an eye care
                      professional                 professional
                •  mtmDR not detected:    •  mtmDR not detected:
                   Rescreen in 12 months      Rescreen in 12 months
                •   Insufficient image      •   Insufficient image
                      quality                       quality
 Architecture   User facing client software  User facing client software  Equivalent
                   transfers images to and       transfers images to and
                  receives results from        receives results from
                  analysis software through    analysis software through
                a web server.               a web server.
 Workflow     The graphical user          Labeling (the Quick         Substantially
                   interface includes on-       Reference Guide) guides    Equivalent. The
                 screen prompts to guide     the user through the image   labeling is being
                  the user through the image   acquisition workflow and    incorporated
                  acquisition workflow one   submission of the exam.     directly into the
               image at a time and                                      user interface and
                submission of the exam.                                   instructions are
                                                                        displayed as the
                                                                          user progress
                                                                     through each step
                                                                                for improved
                                                                               interaction with
                                                                            the device. The
                                                                              overall workflow
                                                                and directions for
                                                                     use do not change.


VII.  Performance Data

      The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence
       determination.

   A. Summary of Non-clinical Studies

       Software
      IDx-DR (software version 2) was identified as having a major level of concern as defined
        in the FDA guidance document Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for
       Software Contained in Medical Devices. The software documentation includes:
            1.  Software/Firmware Description
            2.  Device Hazard Analysis

K203629                                                               Page 6 of 7


            3.  Software Requirement Specifications
            4.  Architecture Design Chart
            5.  Software Design Specifications
            6.  Traceability
            7.  Software Development Environment Description
            8.  Revision Level History
            9.  Unresolved Anomalies
           10. Cybersecurity

    A comprehensive risk analysis was performed on IDx-DR with identification and detailed
       description of the hazards, their causes and severity, as well as acceptable methods for
       control of the identified hazards. A description of acceptable verification and validation
         activities, at the unit, integration, and system level, including test protocols with pass/fail
        criteria and a report of the results, was provided. The expected impact of various
      hardware features on performance was assessed and minimum specifications for
       acceptable images for analysis were specified.

      The cybersecurity considerations of data confidentiality, data integrity, data availability,
       denial of service attacks, and malware were adequately addressed utilizing platform
        controls, application controls, and procedure controls, and evidence was provided for the
       intended performance of the controls. Risks related to failure of various software
      components and their potential impact on patient reports and operator failures were also
       adequately addressed in the risk analysis. This software documentation information
       provided sufficient evidence of safe and effective software performance.

    A full characterization of the technical parameters of all of the components of the
       software, including a description of the algorithms that analyzes the patient’s images to
       determine exam quality and the diagnostic screening of diabetic retinopathy, has been
       provided. IDx-DR requires one optic disc centered image and one macula centered image
      from a fundus camera with at least 22 pixels per degree on the retina. So, a 1000 pixel
        field of view diameter for a 45 degree field of view image.

      The IDx-DR artificial intelligence device design has the ability to perform analysis on the
        specific disease features that are important to a retina specialist for diagnostic screening
       of diabetic retinopathy. Future algorithm improvements will be made under a consistent
       medically relevant framework. A protocol was provided to mitigate the risk of algorithm
       changes leading to changes in the device technical specifications, which would lead to
       changes in false positive or false negative results. These changes could significantly
        affect clinical functionality or performance specifications directly associated with the
       intended use of the device. The protocol specifies the level of change in device
        specifications that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device,
        triggering the requirement for a new 510(k) premarket notification submission before
      commercial introduction. The protocol incorporates a risk management approach and

K203629                                                               Page 7 of 7


       other approaches provided in the FDA guidance document Deciding When to Submit a
       510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device: Guidance for Industry and FDA
        Staff in development, validation, and execution of the device changes.

       Usability
       Usability validation testing was performed under simulated-use to assess the user
        interface (IDx-DR Client) of the subject device. The testing was performed in an
       environment equivalent to the intended use environment of IDx-DR with subjects that
      had no prior experience using the IDx-DR Client. The critical task for the IDx-DR system
         is the ability to capture four images of sufficient quality. The purpose of the usability
        validation test plan was to demonstrate that the intended image capture workflow and
        training methodology can successfully be used by the intended operators to capture four
        retinal images. The results of the usability validation study indicated that no existing
         critical tasks were impacted by the modification and no new critical tasks were
       introduced, and demonstrated that previously untrained camera operators can capture four
        retinal images of sufficient quality following the imaging protocol and using the indicated
      camera system and standardized training and operating materials.

   B. Summary of Clinical Studies

      The determination of substantial equivalence is not based on an assessment of clinical
       performance data. The device modifications do not affect clinical performance. Refer to
     DEN180001 for details about the pivotal clinical trial of the IDx-DR device.

VIII.  Conclusions

      IDx-DR is substantially equivalent to the predicate IDx-DR device cleared under
      DEN180001. The subject and predicate devices have the same indications for use,
       technological characteristics, and performance specifications.