Subtle Medical, Inc.                                                February 26, 2021

Regulatory Consultant
Enzyme Corporation
611 Gateway Blvd #120
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO CA 94080

Re: K203182
    Trade/Device Name: SubtleMR
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: November 28, 2020
    Received: December 1, 2020

Dear Jared Seehafer:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K203182 - Jared Seehafer                                                               Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K203182
Device Name
SubtleMR
Indications for Use (Describe)
SubtleMR is an image processing software that can be used for image enhancement in MRI images. It can be used to
reduce image noise for head, spine, neck, abdomen, pelvis, prostate, breast and musculoskeletal MRI, or increase image
sharpness for head MRI.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

Subtle Medical, Inc.                                                                                        510(k) - SubtleMR

  510(k) Summary                                               K203182

  Table 1. Subject Device Overview.
   Submitter’s Name:              Subtle Medical, Inc.
                               883 Santa Cruz Ave, Suite 205   Address:                             Menlo Park, CA 94025
   Contact Person:                 Jared Seehafer
    Title:                          Regulatory Consultant
   Telephone Number:           415-857-9554
   Fax Number:                 415-367-1279
   Email:                      jared@enzyme.com
   Date Summary Prepared:      18-FEB-2021
   Device Proprietary Name:     SubtleMR
   Model Number:          V 2.0.0
  Common Name:             SubtleMR
   Regulation Number:          21 CFR 892.2050
   Regulation Name:              System, Image Processing, Radiological
   Product Code:             LLZ
   Device Class:                   Class II
                                 Trade name: SubtleMR
                                   Manufacturer: Subtle Medical, Inc.
                                   Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
                                   Regulation Name: System, Image Processing,
   Predicate Device                Radiological
                                 Device Class: Class II
                                   Product Code: LLZ
                                   510(k) Number: K191688
                                   510(k) Clearance Date: September 16, 2019


510(k) Summary                                                                                           1

Subtle Medical, Inc.                                                                                        510(k) - SubtleMR
1   Device Description

    SubtleMR is Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) consisting of a software algorithm that
     enhances images taken by MRI scanners. As it only processes images for the end user, the
     device has no user interface. It is intended to be used by radiologists in an imaging center,
      clinic, or hospital. The software can be used with MR images acquired as part of MRI
    exams on 1.2 Tesla, 1.5 Tesla or 3 Tesla scanners. The device’s inputs are standard of care
    MRI images. The outputs are images with enhanced image quality.

    The software uses a convolutional neural network-based algorithm to improve image
      quality by reducing noise or enhancing the image sharpness. The algorithm’s specific
     parameters vary depending on the choice of image enhancement: noise reduction or
     sharpness enhancement, while the network designs are similar. For each choice, there is a
     fixed set of parameters and the algorithm is working as a fixed nonlinear filter. The choice
     of image enhancement is made by the end user via the DICOM Series Description,
    command line argument, or environment variable.

2    Indications for Use

    SubtleMR is an image processing software that can be used for image enhancement in MRI
     images. It can be used to reduce image noise for head, spine, neck, abdomen, pelvis,
      prostate, breast and musculoskeletal MRI, or increase image sharpness for head MRI.

3   Purpose of Submission

    The purpose of this 510(k) is to provide premarket notification for an expansion in the
      indications for use of SubtleMR to include: a) additional anatomical locations for which
    SubtleMR can reduce image noise and b) that SubtleMR can increase image sharpness in
     both contrast-enhanced and non-contrast-enhanced head MRI.

4   Summary of Technological Characteristics Comparison

     Table 2 shows the similarities and differences between the technological characteristics of
      the two products.

     Table 2. Summary of Technological Characteristics Comparison.
      Topic           Predicate Device                 Subject Device
       Physical        Software package that operates on  Same
        Characteristics   off-the-shelf hardware
      Computer       Linux Compatible             Same
     DICOM       The software processes DICOM   Same
       Standard        compliant image data
      Compliance


  510(k) Summary                                                                                           2

Subtle Medical, Inc.                                                                                        510(k) - SubtleMR
       Topic           Predicate Device                 Subject Device
        Operating       Linux                      Same
       System
        Modalities     MRI                       Same
        User Interface   None                       Same
       Image         SubtleMR software implements    Same
       Enhancement    an image enhancement algorithm
        Algorithm       using convolutional neural
        Description     network based filtering. Original
                       images are enhanced by running
                        through a cascade of filter banks,
                      where thresholding and scaling
                          operations are applied. Separate
                          neural network based filters are
                         obtained for noise reduction and
                         sharpness enhancement. The
                        parameters of the filters were
                         obtained through an image-guided
                          optimization process.
       Workflow      The software operates on DICOM  Same
                               files on the file system, enhances
                          the images, and stores the
                       enhanced images on the file
                         system. The receipt of original
                DICOM image files and delivery
                          of enhanced images as DICOM
                               files depends on other software
                         systems. Enhanced images coexist with the original images.
        Target          Head, spine, neck, and knee MRI   Head, spine, neck, abdomen,
        Anatomical                                              pelvis, prostate, breast and
        Locations                                          musculoskeletal MRI


 5   Performance Data

       Subtle Medical conducted the following performance testing:
          •  Software verification and validation testing
          •  Study that utilized retrospective clinical data to demonstrate the software
             enhanced image quality in MR images via a reduction of noise or sharpness
             enhancement.


510(k) Summary                                                                                           3

Subtle Medical, Inc.                                                                                        510(k) - SubtleMR
    The main performance study, utilizing retrospective clinical data, was divided into two
       tests.

     For the noise reduction performance test, acceptance criteria were that signal-to-noise ratio
    (SNR) of a selected region of interest (ROI) in each test dataset is on average improved by
      greater than or equal to 5% after SubtleMR enhancement compared to the original images,
     and (ii) the visibility of small structures in the test datasets before and after SubtleMR is on
     average less than or equal to 0.5 Likert scale points. This test passed.

     For the sharpness enhancement performance test, acceptance criteria were that the
     thickness of anatomic structure and the sharpness of structure boundaries are improved
      after SubtleMR enhancement in at least 90% of the test datasets. This test passed.

     Based upon the results of this testing, the SubtleMR performance was determined to be
      substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

6    Substantial Equivalence Conclusion

    The predicate for the subject device is its legally marketed prior revision (K191688). The
    two devices have the same intended use and similar indications for use. The two devices
     have nearly identical technological characteristics, the lone exception being the subject
     device’s expanded target anatomical locations relative to the predicate device. The subject
     device was verified and validated using the same test methods and acceptance criteria as
      the predicate device and does not introduce any additional risk relative to its predicate.
     Therefore, this difference in technological characteristics does not raise different questions
     of safety and effectiveness. Consequently, SubtleMR is substantially equivalent to the
      predicate device.


  510(k) Summary                                                                                           4