Fujifilm Corporation                                                February 9, 2021
℅ Mr. Jeffrey Wan
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
Fujifilm Medical Systems U.S.A., Inc.
81 Hartwell Avenue, Suite 300
LEXINGTON MA 02421

Re: K203103
    Trade/Device Name: Synapse 3D, Synapse 3D Base Tools v6.1
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: December 14, 2020
    Received: December 16, 2020

Dear Mr. Wan:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K203103 - Mr. Jeffrey Wan                                                             Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K203103
Device Name
Synapse 3D, Synapse 3D Base Tools v6.1


Indications for Use (Describe)
Synapse 3D Base Tools is medical imaging software that is intended to provide trained medical professionals with tools
to aid them in reading, interpreting, reporting, and treatment planning. Synapse 3D Base Tools accepts DICOM
compliant medical images acquired from a variety of imaging devices including, CT, MR, CR, US, NM, PT, and XA,
etc.
This product is not intended for use with or for the primary diagnostic interpretation of Mammography images.
Synapse 3D Base Tools provides several levels of tools to the user:
Basic imaging tools for general images, including 2D viewing, volume rendering and 3D volume viewing, orthogonal /
oblique / curved Multi-Planar Reconstructions (MPR), Maximum (MIP), Average (RaySum) and Minimum (MinIP)
Intensity Projection, 4D volume viewing, image fusion, image subtraction, surface rendering, sector and rectangular
shape MPR image viewing, MPR for dental images, creating and displaying multiple MPR images along an object,
time-density distribution, basic image processing, CINE, measurements, annotations, reporting, printing, storing,
distribution, and general image management and administration tools, etc.
-Tools for regional segmentation of anatomical structures within the image data, path definition through vascular and
other tubular structures, and boundary detection.
-Image viewing tools for modality specific images, including CT PET fusion and ADC image viewing for MR studies.
-Imaging tools for CT images including virtual endoscopic viewing.
-Imaging tools for MR images including delayed enhancement image viewing, diffusion-weighted MRI data analysis.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                          Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

                                                                                       0051

Section 5


              510(K) Summary


This Section contains:
510(k) Summary (per 21 CFR 807.92)

510(k) Summary                K203103


Date Prepared:                Aug. 15, 2020
                           FUJIFILM Corporation
Submitter’s Information:
                           26-30,NISHIAZABU 2-CHOME MINATO-KU
                     TOKYO 106-8620
                                 Telephone: (781) 323-5315
                                  Contact: Tommy San

Device Trade Name:                               Synapse 3D, Synapse 3D Base Tools v6.1
Device Common Names:                                    Picture Archiving and Communications System (PACS)
Device Clasification Name:                                System, Image Processing, Radiological
Product Code:                        LLZ
Regulation Number:                             21 CFR 892.2050
Device Class:                                  Class II
Panel:                                Radiology
Predicate Devices:
                               Synapse 3D Base Tools (K120361)
                           FUJIFILM Medical Systems U.S.A., Inc.


                                           510(k) Summary
                                               05-1

1. Description of the Device
Synapse 3D Base Tools (V6.1) (this submission) is updated software of previously-cleared
Synapse 3D Base Tools (V3.0) (cleared by CDRH via K120361 on 04/06/2012).
The 3D image analysis software Synapse 3D Base Tools (V6.1)  is medical application
software  running  on  Windows  server/client  configuration  installed  on  commercial
general-purpose Windows-compatible computers. It offers software tools which can be used by
trained professionals to interpret medical images obtained from various medical devices, to
create reports, or to develop treatment plans.
Synapse 3D Base Tools is connected through DICOM standard to medical devices such as CT,
MR, CR, US, NM, PT, XA, etc. and to a PACS system storing data generated by these medical
devices, and  it retrieves image data via network communications based on the DICOM
standard. The retrieved image data are stored on the local disk managed by Synapse 3D Base
Tools (V6.1), and the associated image-related information of the image data is registered in its
database and is used for display, image processing, analysis, etc. Images newly created by
Synapse 3D Base Tools (V6.1) not only can be displayed on a display, but also can be printed
on a hardcopy using a DICOM printer or a Windows printer.
Synapse 3D Base Tools (V6.1) is a basic software module that works with other cleared
clinical applications, including Synapse 3D Cardiac Tools (K200973), Synapse 3D Perfusion
Analysis (K162287), Synapse 3D Lung and Abdomen Analysis (K130542), Synapse 3D Liver
and Kidney Analysis (K142521)， Synapse 3D Nodule Analysis (K120679), Synapse 3D
Colon Analysis (K123566), Synapse 3D Tensor Analysis (K141514) and Synapse 3D Blood
Flow Analysis (K191544). All these software modules consist of the Synapse 3D product
family.
Synapse 3D Base Tools can be integrated with Fujifilm’s Synapse PACS, and can be used as a
part of a Synapse system. Synapse 3D Base Tools also can be integrated with Fujifilm’s Synapse
Cardiovascular for cardiology purposes.


                                             510(k) Summary
                                                 05-2

2. Indications for Use
Synapse 3D Base Tools is medical imaging software that is intended to provide trained medical
professionals with tools to aid them in reading, interpreting, reporting, and treatment planning.
Synapse 3D Base Tools accepts DICOM compliant medical images acquired from a variety of
imaging devices including, CT, MR, CR, US, NM, PT, and XA, etc.
This product  is not intended for use with or for the primary diagnostic interpretation of
Mammography images.
Synapse 3D Base Tools provides several levels of tools to the user:
Basic imaging tools for general images, including 2D viewing, volume rendering and 3D
volume  viewing,  orthogonal   /  oblique   /  curved  Multi-Planar  Reconstructions (MPR),
Maximum (MIP), Average (RaySum) and Minimum (MinIP) Intensity Projection, 4D volume
viewing, image fusion, image subtraction, surface rendering, sector and rectangular shape
MPR image viewing, MPR for dental images, creating and displaying multiple MPR images
along an object, time-density distribution, basic image processing, CINE, measurements,
annotations, reporting, printing, storing, distribution, and general image management and
administration tools, etc.
  Tools for regional segmentation of anatomical structures within the image data, path
      definition through vascular and other tubular structures, and boundary detection.
  Image viewing tools for modality specific images, including CT PET fusion and ADC
     image viewing for MR studies.
   Imaging tools for CT images including virtual endoscopic viewing.
  Imaging  tools  for MR  images  including  delayed  enhancement  image  viewing,
      diffusion-weighted MRI data analysis.

3. Substantial Equivalence Comparison
Synapse 3D Base Tools has the same intended use, similar labeling, and clinical application tools
as those of the cleared predicate device Synapse 3D Base Tools (K120361). The device features
and technical characteristics comparison with predicates is shown as Table 1 Device Features
and Technical Characteristics Comparison Matrix.


                                             510(k) Summary
                                                 05-3

Table 1 Device Features and Technical Characteristics Comparison Matrix
                                                          Synapse 3D Base
                             Synapse 3D Base Tools             Tools(V3.0)
     Device Parameters                  (V6.1)                   (K120361)
                                   (This submission)          (Primary predicate
                                                                        device)
  Basic features and basic imaging tools
  2D Viewing                         Yes                      Yes
  Image Storing (DICOM                                    Yes                      Yes  SCP)
  Image Communication                                    Yes                      Yes  (DICOM SCU)
  DICOM Interface                                    Yes                      Yes  (SCP/SCU)
   Printing (DICOM SCU)               Yes                      Yes
  Measurements (2D and                                    Yes                      Yes  3D)
   Annotations -
   Standardized and Free                 Yes                      Yes
   Text
   Reporting                          Yes                      Yes
  Cine                              Yes                      Yes
  Volume Rendering and                                    Yes                      Yes  3D Viewing
  MPR
 ・  orthogonal / oblique /
    curved Multi-Planar
    Reconstructions (MPR),
 ・  Sector and rectangular                                    Yes                      Yes
    shape MPR image
    viewing
 ・ MPR for dental images
 ・  Multiple MPR images
    along an object (Slicer)
 Maximum, Average,                                    Yes                      Yes
 Minimum Intensity


                                             510(k) Summary
                                                 05-4

Synapse 3D Base
                            Synapse 3D Base Tools             Tools(V3.0)
    Device Parameters                  (V6.1)                   (K120361)
                                  (This submission)          (Primary predicate
                                                                       device)
Projection

 4D viewing                         Yes                      Yes
 Image fusion                        Yes                      Yes
 Surface rendering                    Yes                      Yes
 Image subtraction (3D)                Yes                      Yes
 Time-density distribution              Yes                      Yes
 General image data
 management and                     Yes                      Yes
 administration tools
 In-depth analysis tools
                          Yes                                 Yes
                          (Some segmentation
                                  applications are
 Segmentation                implemented using a deep
                                 learning method called as
                                “Fully Convolutional
                             Network”)
 Path definition                       Yes                      Yes
 Boundary detection                   Yes                      Yes
 Modality specific imaging tools
 CT PET fusion                      Yes                      Yes
 ADC image viewing                                   Yes                      Yes (MRI)
   Virtual Endoscopic                                   Yes                    N/ASimulator
   Diffusion-weighted MRI                                   Yes                    N/AData Analysis
  Delayed Enhancement                                   Yes                    N/AImage Viewing
 Product characteristics


                                           510(k) Summary
                                                05-5

Synapse 3D Base
                             Synapse 3D Base Tools             Tools(V3.0)
     Device Parameters                  (V6.1)                   (K120361)
                                   (This submission)          (Primary predicate
                                                                        device)
   Product Availability               Software Product             Software Product
  Hardware Platform               Windows PC              Windows PC
The main differences as in-depth analysis tools are shown as follows.
     1. The new segmentation features implemented using an algorithm “graph cuts” same as the
       algorithm used in our previously cleared Synapse 3D Basic Tools (K120361).
     2. The old segmentation features that had existed in our previously cleared Synapse 3D Basic
       Tools (K120361) are implemented using a new algorithm called as “Fully Convolutional
       Network” — a new deep learning-based algorithm.
     3. The new segmentation features are implemented using a new algorithm called as “Fully
       Convolutional Network” — a new deep learning-based algorithm.
The main differences presented as new features of modality specific imaging tools are shown as
follows.
     1. Virtual Endoscopic Simulator (CT).
     2. Diffusion-weighted MRI Data Analysis (MRI).
     3. Delayed Enhancement Image Viewing (MRI).

4. Safety Information
Synapse 3D Base Tools introduces no new safety or efficacy issues other than those already
indentified with the predicate devices. The Risk Management and the results of the Hazard
Analysis combined with the appropriate preventive measures taken indicate that the device is of
moderate concern as per the May 11, 2005 issue of the “Guidance for the Content of Premarket
Submission for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The Synapse 3D Base Tools labeling
contains instructions for use and necessary cautions, warnings and notes to provide the safe and
effective use of the device.

5. Testing and Performance Information
Nonclinical testing result:
The purpose of Software Development Process for Synapse 3D Bae Tools is to carry out the
activities relating to the establishment of the software development plan (or plans) for definitely
conducting software hazard  analysis,  risk management, requirement  analysis,  architectural
design, the design specification, unit implementation and verification, software integration and
integration testing, software system  test, software release, software maintenance. The main
activities in software development process are described as follows.

                                             510(k) Summary
                                                 05-6

•  Software development plan
  •  Software hazard analysis and risk management
  •  Software requirements analysis/specification
  •  Software architectural design
  •  Software detailed design specification
  •  Software unit module implementation and verification
  •  Software integration and system testing
Clinical tests:
The subject of this 510(k) notification, Synapse 3D Base Tools does not require clinical studies
to support safety and effectiveness of the software.
Verification and Validation:
Testing for verification and validation involved system level functionality test, component testing,
verification testing, integration testing, usability testing, installation/upgrade testing, labeling
testing, as well as the testing for risk mitigations associated with the risk management process. In
addition, benchmark performance testing was conducted using actual clinical images to help
demonstrate that the semi-automatic or automatic segmentation, detection, and registration
functions implemented in Synapse 3D Base Tools achieved the expected accuracy performance.
Pass/Fail criteria were based on the requirements and intended use of the product. Test results
showed that  all tests passed successfully according to the design specifications. All of the
different components of the Synapse 3D Base Tools software have been stress tested to ensure
that the system as a whole provides all the capabilities necessary to operate according to its
intended use and in a manner substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.
Cybersecurity:
The confidentiality, integrity and availability are maintained by Synapse 3D Base Tools in
accordance with Section 6 of the Content of Premarket Submissions for Management of
Cybersecurity in Medical Devices; Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration
Staff (October 2, 2014).
Synapse 3D Base Tools is connected through DICOM standard to medical devices and to a
PACS system storing data generated by these medical devices, and it retrieves image data via
network communication based on the DICOM standard. Therefore Synapse 3D Base Tools
assures an adequate degree of protection for cybersecurity.
Performance standards:
  •  Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) Set (PS 3.1 – 3.20) (2016).
  •  AAMI / ANSI / IEC 62304:2015, Medical Device Software - Software Life Cycle Processes.
  •  ISO 14971 Second Edition 2007-03-01, Medical Devices - Application of Risk Management
      to Medical Devices.


                                             510(k) Summary
                                                 05-7

6. Conclusion
Performance tests were conducted to test the functionality of the subject device, Synapse 3D
Base Tools. Results of  all conducted  testing were acceptable in supporting the claim of
substantial equivalence.


                                             510(k) Summary
                                                 05-8