GE Medical Systems, LLC.                                    March 2, 2021
℅ Ms. Amy Yang
Regulatory Affairs Manager
3000 N Grandview Blvd
WAUKESHA WI 53188

Re: K203617
    Trade/Device Name: MaxFOV 2
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed tomography x-ray system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: December 9, 2020
    Received: December 11, 2020

Dear Ms. Yang:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

2K203617 - Ms. Amy Yang                                                             Page


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K203617
Device Name
MaxFOV 2
Indications for Use (Describe)
The deep learning based Max Field-of-View (MaxFOV 2) is a CT image reconstruction method intended to produce
images of the head and whole-body using Axial, Helical, and Cine acquisitions.
MaxFOV 2 is designed to extend the nominal display field of view (DFoV) for cases where patient size and positioning
requirements result in a portion of the patient’s body to be outside of the nominal DFoV.
These extended FoV images are intended for use in radiation therapy planning and are clinically useful for the simulation
and planning of radiation therapy for the treatment of cancer for patients. They can also be used for visualization of
patient anatomy for cases not involving therapy planning. MaxFOV 2 is intended for patients of all ages, especially
bariatric patients.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1of! PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


                                     510(k) Summary

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:
 Date:                December 10, 2020

 Submitter:           GE Medical Systems, LLC
                      3000 North Grandview Blvd
                      Waukesha, WI 53188

 Primary Contact:      Amy Yang
                         Regulatory Affairs Manager
                       Phone: 414-514-3904
                           Email: Amy.yang@ge.com

 Secondary Contacts:     John Jaeckle
                          Chief Regulatory Affairs Engineer
                       Phone: 262-424-9547
                           Email: john.jaeckle@ge.com

 Device Trade Name:    MaxFOV 2
 Device Classification     Class II
 Regulation Number/    21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
 Product Code:
 Predicate Device Information
 Device Name:           LightSpeed Ultra with Wide View Option
 Manufacturer:        GE Medical Systems, LLC
 510(k) Number:         K023332, Cleared on October 23, 2002
 Regulation Number/    21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
 Product Code:
 Reference Devices Information
 Device Name:        SOMATOM DEFINITION AS OPEN
 Manufacturer:         Siemens Medical Systems, Inc.
 510(k) Number:        K130901 cleared on January 02, 2014
 Regulation Number/    21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
 Product Code:


                                              Page 1 of 4

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

Device Description

The MaxFOV 2 is an enhanced Extended Field of View (EFOV) reconstruction option for GE’s CT scanners.
The MaxFOV 2 utilizes a new deep learning algorithm to extend the display field of view (DFOV) beyond
the CT system’s scan field of View (SFOV) of 50cm to up to 80cm depending on the bore size of the CT
system. CT scanners use the EFOV reconstruction algorithms to visualize tissue truncated due to large
patient habitus and/or off-center patient positioning. Same as the Wide View option on the predicate,
the MaxFOV 2 is designed to enable a clinically useful visualization of the skin line and CT Number of
human body parts located outside of the SFOV. EFOV images are especially useful for radiation therapy
planning and they can also be used for visualization of patient anatomy outside of the SFOV for routine
CT imaging. This DL enabled new MaxFOV2 EFOV reconstruction process offers improved performance
over the existing WideView option on the predicate device.

The DL MaxFOV2 algorithm was designed and tested for GE’s multiple CT scanner platforms of various
bore sizes from 70cm to 80cm. These CT systems with the integrated MaxFOV 2 option remain
compliant with the same standards as base CT systems.

This option is commercially marketed as MaxFOV2.

Intended Use
The MaxFOV 2 reconstruction software is intended for head and whole body CT scans.

Indications for Use
The deep learning based Max Field-of-View (MaxFOV 2) is a CT image reconstruction method intended
to produce images of the head and whole-body using Axial, Helical, and Cine acquisitions.
MaxFOV 2 is designed to extend the nominal display field of view (DFoV) for cases where patient size
and positioning requirements result in a portion of the patient’s body to be outside of the nominal
DFoV.
These extended FoV images are intended for use in radiation therapy planning and are clinically useful
for the simulation and planning of radiation therapy for the treatment of cancer for patients. They can
also be used for visualization of patient anatomy for cases not involving therapy planning. MaxFOV 2 is
intended for patients of all ages, especially bariatric patients.

Technological Characteristics
The MaxFOV 2 employs the same fundamental technology as that of the WideView on the predicate
device. It is used in the same clinical environment and by the same intended users. Use of the MaxFOV2
does not require change in the CT scanner hardware and does not alter the CT system’s control
mechanism, or energy type or operating principles.
The table below summarizes the substantive feature/technological differences between the predicate
device and the proposed device:


                                              Page 2 of 4

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

 Specification               Predicate Device                    Proposed Device
                       Wide View (K023332)             MaxFOV 2
 Patient Population             Patients of all ages                    Same

 Intended users                Dosimetrist                         Same
                             Medical Physicists
                                Radiation Oncologists
  Clinical Use                   Routine Clinical Use                   Same

 Targeted clinical condition,     Part of scanned object is located out of     Same
 anatomy                     the scan field of view.
 Compatible Scan modes       Compatible with Axial, Helical, and Cine    Same
                              scan modes.
 Technology/Principles          Analytical model – classic algorithm where  MaxFOV 2 uses a CNN which is trained on
                              the measured sinogram is expanded to      multiple CT scanners. MaxFOV 2’s
                              cover a FOV larger than SFOV.               reconstruction process (algorithm) contains
                                                                   a Deep Learning based component.
 Extended Field of View Spec    Allows visualization of up to 65cm          Allows visualization of up to 80cm, same as
                                                                         reference device

The MaxFOV 2 option has same intended use, indications for use and substantially equivalent
technological characteristics as its predicate and reference device. The changes and the different
technological characteristics do not raise new or different questions of safety and effectiveness. The
software was developed, verified, and validated under GE Healthcare’s QMS including software
development lifecycle.

Determination of Substantial Equivalence
Summary of Non-Clinical Testing
MaxFOV 2 has successfully completed the design control activities per our quality system that conforms
to the Quality System Regulations of 21CFR 820 and ISO 13485, including the Software Development Life
Cycle process per IEC62304.
The following quality assurance measures have been applied to the development of the system:
       •       Risk Analysis
       •      Required Reviews
       •      Design Reviews
       •      Software Development Lifecycle
       •       Testing on unit level (Module verification)
       •       Integration testing (System verification)
       •      Performance testing (Verification)
       •       Safety testing (Verification)
       •      Simulated use testing (Validation)


                                              Page 3 of 4

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

A suite of engineering bench testing using phantoms was performed to evaluate image quality
performance of MaxFOV 2. These tests include:
    •  MaxFOV 2 Patient contour (Skin line) accuracy and CT Number accuracy
    •  MaxFOV 2 IQ Performance Evaluation using a very large phantom
    •  MaxFOV 2 Performance Evaluation Using an anthropomorphic phantom
This set of testing was repeated and performed on different GE CT system platforms, all test results
demonstrated MaxFOV 2’s consistent and acceptable performance.
The complete testing and results did not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness than
associated with predicate device. We consider the proposed device is substantially equivalent to the
predicate and reference devices, and hence is safe and effective for its intended use.
Summary of Clinical Testing
A clinical reader study with 49 CT exams was conducted. The exams were acquired from different GE CT
system platforms and were scored by 5 external, clinical readers. The exams represent typical and
challenging RTP-relative scenarios where the MaxFOV2 will likely be used. The readers used a 5 point
Likert scale to score the images for each of the following aspects: depiction of the patient’s skin surface;
depicted tissue densities in the extended FOV region; and overall image quality. The results of the study
support substantial equivalence and performance claims.
Substantial Equivalence
MaxFOV 2 was developed under GE Healthcare’s quality system. MaxFOV2’s design, verification,
validation and risk management processes did not identify any new hazards, unexpected results, or
adverse effects stemming from the changes to the predicate.
Software verification & validation, along with bench testing and the clinical reader study demonstrate
that MaxFOV 2 is substantially equivalent and hence as safe and as effective as the legally marketed
predicate device, hence is safe and effective for its intended use.
The substantial equivalence is also based on the submitted software documentation that is consistent
with the appropriate Level of Concern as recommended by pre-market software guidance.
Conclusion
Based on development under GE Healthcare’s quality system, the successful verification and validation,
engineering bench and clinical testing, GE Healthcare believes that MaxFOV 2 is substantially equivalent
to the predicate device and hence is safe and effective for its intended use.


                                              Page 4 of 4