Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
℅ Tabitha Estes
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
810 Innovation Drive
KNOXVILLE TN 37932
                                                                            January 28, 2022Re: K203260
    Trade/Device Name: syngo.CT Brain Hemorrhage
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: December 15, 2021
    Received: December 17, 2021

Dear Tabitha Estes:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K203260 - Tabitha Estes                                                               Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                              For

                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K203260
Device Name
syngo.CT Brain Hemorrhage
Indications for Use (Describe)
syngo.CT Brain Hemorrhage is designed to assist the radiologist in prioritizing cases of suspected intracranial hemorrhage
on non-contrast CT examinations of the head. It makes case-level output available to a CT scanner or other PACS system
for worklist prioritization. The output is intended for informational purposes only and is not intended for diagnostic use.
The device does not alter the original medical image and is not intended to be used as a stand-alone diagnostic device.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF
60001

510(K) SUMMARY
                       FOR
             SYNGO.CT BRAIN HEMORRHAGE
                           K203260
                             Date Prepared: January 26th, 2022


Identification of the Submitter
Importer/Distributor
Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
40 Liberty Boulevard
Malvern, PA 19355
Establishment Registration Number
2240869

Manufacturing Site
Siemens Healthcare GmbH
Siemensstr 1
D-91301 Forchheim, Germany

Establishment Registration Number
3004977335

Submitter Contact Person:
Tabitha Estes
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
Siemens Medical Solutions, Inc. USA
810 Innovation Drive
Knoxville, TN 37932
Phone: (865) 804-4553
Email: tabitha.estes@siemens-healthineers.com

Alternate Contact:
Alaine Medio

I.   Device Name and Classification
Product Name:         syngo.CT Brain Hemorrhage
Propriety Trade Name:  syngo.CT Brain Hemorrhage
Classification Name:    Radiological Computer-Assisted Triage and Notification Software
Classification Panel:    Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.2080
Device Class:           Class II
Product Code:       QAS

II.   Predicate Device
Trade Name:            Accipiolx
510(k) Number:       K182177
Clearance Date:         07/26/2019
Classification Name:    Radiological Computer-Assisted Triage and Notification Software
Classification Panel:    Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.2080
Device Class:           Class II
Product Code:       QAS

III.  Device Description
The subject device syngo.CT Brain Hemorrhage is an image processing software that utilizes artificial
intelligence learning algorithms to support qualified clinicians in analysis and prioritization of noncontrast head CT DICOM images by algorithmically identifying findings suspicious of acute intracranial
hemorrhage. The subject device provides a pipeline for the analysis and identification of potential ICH
as well as a finding notification mechanism.
IV.  Indications for Use
syngo.CT Brain Hemorrhage is designed to assist the radiologist in prioritizing cases of suspected
intracranial hemorrhage on non-contrast CT examinations of the head. It makes case-level output
available to a CT scanner or other PACS system for worklist prioritization. The output is intended for
informational purposes only and is not intended for diagnostic use. The device does not alter the original
medical image and is not intended to be used as a stand-alone diagnostic device.
V.  Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device
The differences and similarities between the above referenced predicate device are listed at a high-level
in the following table:

         Feature                    Subject Device                      Predicate Device          Comparison
                                                                                                Table                             syngo.CT Brain Hemorrhage            MaxQ-AI AccipioIx
  Notification-only, parallel                Yes                             Yes                 Same
 workflow tool
 Intended User                 Hospital networks and qualified         Hospital networks and qualified       Same
                                               clinicians                                 clinicians
  Setting                              Acute Care                         Acute Care               Same
  Identify patients with a                  Yes                             Yes                 Same
  prespecified clinical
 condition
  Clinical condition                   Intracranial hemorrhage                  Intracranial hemorrhage          Same
  Alert to finding                  Yes; flagged for review               Yes; flagged for review          Same
 Independent of standard       Yes; No cases are removed from       Yes; No cases are removed from       Same
  of care workflow                           worklist                                worklist
 Modality                            Non-contrast CT                      Non-contrast CT             Same
 Body Part                           Head                           Head                 Same
  Artificial Intelligence                   Yes                             Yes                 Same
 algorithm
 Limited to analysis of                   Yes                             Yes                 Same
 imaging data

Feature                    Subject Device                      Predicate Device          Comparison
                                                                                                Table                             syngo.CT Brain Hemorrhage            MaxQ-AI AccipioIx
 Output                    Suspected hemorrhage / No suspected   Suspected hemorrhage / No suspected     Same
                                     hemorrhage                        hemorrhage


The subject device syngo.CT Brain Hemorrhage does not have changes in fundamental scientific
technology compared to the predicate device. The post-processing software functionality remains
unchanged from the subject device and the predicate device. The operating principle and the scientific
technology are the same; therefore, Siemens believes that syngo.CT Brain Hemorrhage application is
substantially equivalent to the predicate device.
VI.  Performance Data
The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.
Non-Clinical Testing
Non-clinical tests (integration and functional) were conducted for syngo.CT Brain Hemorrhage during
product development. These tests have been performed to test the ability of the included features of the
subject device. The results of these tests demonstrate that the subject device performs as intended. The
results of all conducted testing were found acceptable to support the claim of substantial equivalence.
Performance Evaluation of the Algorithm
The performance of the syngo.CT Brain Hemorrhage device has been validated in a retrospective standalone performance study. Sensitivity and specificity of syngo.CT Brain Hemorrhage in processing of
non-contrast head CT have been analyzed by comparison to a ground truth established by majority read
of 3 US board certified neuroradiologists with more than 10 years of experience. The data cohort
consisted of 600 anonymized head CT cases from 5 sites in US and Europe with approximately equal
distribution of positive (case with ICH) and negative (case without ICH) cases.
Sensitivity was observed to be 92.8% (95% CI: 89.3%-95.2%). Specificity was observed to be 94.5%
(95% CI: 91.3%-96.5%). Thus, sensitivity and specificity exceeded the 80% performance goal.
The average per-case processing time was 13.67 seconds (95% CI: 7.48-19.86 seconds). This is
comparable to the predicate device.
To conclude, syngo.CT Brain Hemorrhage is a safe and effective triage and notification device for
intracranial hemorrhages which is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.
Siemens hereby certifies that syngo.CT Brain Hemorrhage will meet the following voluntary standards
covering electrical and mechanical safety listed below, prior to introduction into interstate commerce:

                                                                                       Standards Recognition     Product                                               Date of                                    Title of Standard                                        Development Number        Area                                                     Recognition                                                                                          Organization
                                     Digital Imaging and Communications in 12-300           Radiology                                                  06/27/2016   NEMA                               Medicine (DICOM) Set; PS 3.1 – 3.20
                               Medical Device Software –Software Life Cycle               AAMI, ANSI, 13-79            Software                                                   01/14/2019                                   Processes; 62304:2006 (1st Edition)                         IEC
                               Medical devices – Application of risk                   Software/ 5-40                        management to medical devices; 14971 Second    06/27/2016     ISO                    Informatics                                   Edition 2007-03-01
                               Medical devices - Part 1: Application of                  General I 5-114                              usability engineering to medical devices          12/23/2016     IEC               (QS/RM)                           IEC 62366-1:2015

VII. Conclusion
syngo.CT Brain Hemorrhage has the same intended use and similar indication for use as the predicate
device. The result of all testing conducted was found acceptable to support the claim of substantial
equivalence. The comparison of technological characteristics, clinical and non-clinical performance
data, and software validation demonstrates that the subject device is as safe and effective when compared
to the predicate device that is currently marketed for the same intended use. Siemens considers syngo.CT
Brain Hemorrhage to be as safe, as effective and with performance substantially equivalent to the
commercially available predicate device.