Varian Medical Systems Inc.                                                   April 19, 2021
℅ Mr. Peter Coronado
Director, Varian Oncology Systems Regulatory Affairs
911 Hansen Way
PALO ALTO CA 94304


Re: K203469
    Trade/Device Name: AI Segmentation
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.5050
    Regulation Name: Medical Charged-Particle Radiation Therapy System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MUJ
    Dated: March 18, 2021
    Received: March 19, 2021

Dear Mr. Coronado:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K203469 – Mr. Peter Coronado                                                          Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).


                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K203469
Device Name
AI Segmentation
Indications for Use (Describe)
AI Segmentation uses CT images to segment patient anatomy for use in radiation therapy treatment planning. AI
Segmentation utilizes a pre-defined set of organ structures in the following regions: head and neck, thorax, pelvis,
abdomen. Segmentation results are subject to review and editing by qualified, expert radiation therapy treatment planners.
Results of AI Segmentation are utilized in the Eclipse Treatment Planning System where it is the responsibility of a
qualified physician to further review, edit as needed, and approve each structure.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K203469
                                     varian

                                                                                                           Varian Medical Systems
                                                                                              3100 Hansen Way
                                                                                                          Palo Alto, CA 94304
   510(K) SUMMARY

     The following information  is provided as required by 21 CFR 807.92.

      SUBMITTER
     Name and Address:                    Varian Medical Systems
                                         3100 Hansen Way, m/s El 10
                                                 Palo Alto, CA 94304

       Contact Person:                        Peter J. Coronado
                                                                 Sr. Director, Regulatory Affairs
                                            Phone: 650-424-6320         | Fax: 650-646-9200
                                            submissions.support@varian.com

       Date Prepared:                        18 March 2021

      DEVICE
       Subject Device Name:                   Al Segmentation
      Common/Usual Name:                medical image segmentation software
       Product Code and Classification:     Medical charged-particle radiation therapy system
                                    MUJ |21 CFR 892.5050       | Class  II

      PREDICATE DEVICE
       Predicate Device Name:              Smart Segmentation Knowledge Based Contouring v2.2 (Kl41248)
       Reference Device:                     Ethos Treatment Planning v1.0 (KI92377)
                                                    Note: Referenced for the use of existing, established methods to
                                                    evaluate performance ofAl-based algorithms and technology

      DEVICE DESCRIPTION
       Al segmentation  is a web-based application, running in the cloud, that provides a combined deep learning
      and classical-based approach for automated segmentation of organs at risk, along with tools for structure
        visualization. This software medical device product is used by trained medical professionals and consists of a
      web application user interface where the results from the automated segmentation can be reviewed and
        selected for export into the compatible treatment planning system. Al Segmentation  is not intended to
       provide clinical decisions, medical advice, or evaluations of radiation plans or treatment procedures.

      INDICATIONS FOR USE
       Al Segmentation uses CT images to segment patient anatomy for use in radiation therapy treatment planning.
        Al Segmentation utilizes a pre-defined set of organ structures in the following regions: head and neck, thorax,
         pelvis, abdomen. Segmentation results are subject to review and editing by qualified, expert radiation therapy


      Product: Al Segmentation                                                                   Page    1

varian


 treatment planners. Results of Al Segmentation are utilized in the Eclipse Treatment Planning System where it is
 the responsibility of a qualified physician to further review, edit as needed, and approve each structure.

 COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE
 The new device, referred to as the "subject device" throughout this summary, is release version vi.0 (version
 1.0) of Al Segmentation. The subject device has some technological and functional similarity and differences
 with the predicate device, Smart Segmentation Knowledge Based Contouring version v2.2 (Kl41248).

 At a high level, both the predicate device and the subject device are based on the same characteristics:
      *   Both devices are software-only medical devices.
      *   Both devices are intended for use by medical professionals within the context of supporting
         radiotherapy treatment planning.
      *   Both devices contain automated segmentation algorithms used to process radiological images in order
          to generate contouring of structures for a variety of anatomical sites.
      *   Both devices include review interfaces and tools for users to independently assess the output.
      *   Both devices are compatible with the Eclipse Treatment Planning System, which is Varian's
         radiotherapy treatment planning software.

 The significant differences in the subject device compared with the predicate device are:
        1.  Use of Al-based algorithms for automated segmentation and contouring
                   a.   Note: These algorithms are static and non-adaptive; they do not alter their behavior over time
                based on user input.
       2.   Cloud deployment and hosting of software components and algorithms
       3.  Absence of manual editing or contouring tools

 PERFORMANCE DATA
 The following performance data was provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.

 Software Verification and Validation Testing
 Software verification and validation testing was conducted and documentation was provided as recommended
 by FDA's Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, "Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software
 Contained in Medical Devices." The software for this device was considered as a "major" level of concern.

 Test results demonstrate conformance to applicable requirements and specifications.
 No animal studies or clinical tests have been included in this pre-market submission.

 Standards Conformance
 The subject device conforms in whole or in part with the following standards that address software
 development, safety, and usability:

      *    IEC 62304 Edition 1.1 2015-06 Medical device software - Software life cycle processes


Product: Al Segmentation                                                                         Page       | 2

varian


      *    IEC 62366-1 Edition 1.0 2015-02 Application of usability engineering to medical devices
      *    IEC 62083 Edition 2.0 2009-09 Requirements for the safety of radiotherapy treatment planning systems
      *    IEC 82304-1 Edition 1.0 2016-10 Health software - Part 1: General requirements for product safety

 Argument for substantial equivalence to the predicate device
 A subset of software features and characteristics of the subject device are different from the predicate device.
 However, Varian considers these differences to be enhancements of the predicate, while the principle of
 operation of the subject device is the same as that of the existing predicate device. Verification and validation
 testing demonstrate that the subject device performs  its intended use as designed through the product's
 functional, usability, and safety requirements. Varian therefore believes that the subject device is substantially
 equivalent to the predicate device.

 CONCLUSION
 The predicate device was cleared based only on non-clinical testing, and no animal or clinical studies were
 performed for the subject device. The non-clinical data supports the safety of the device, and verification and
 validation testing demonstrate that the subject device should perform as intended in the specified use
 conditions.There were no remaining discrepancy reports (DRs) which could be classified as Safety or Customer
 Intolerable.

 Therefore, Varian considers Al Segmentation to be substantially equivalent to the predicate device, Smart
 Segmentation Knowledge Based Contouring (K141248).


Product: Al Segmentation                                                                         Page       | 3