Siemens Healthcare GmbH                                          March 31, 2021
℅ Mr. Abhineet Johri
Regulatory Affairs Manager
Siemensstr. 1
Forchheim, 91301
GERMANY

Re: K203258
    Trade/Device Name: syngo.CT Lung CAD (VD20)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: OEB
    Dated: February 19, 2021
    Received: February 22, 2021

Dear Mr. Abhineet:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K203258 - Mr. Abhineet Johri                                                           Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)

K203258
Device Name
syngo.CT Lung CAD (VD20)


Indications for Use (Describe)
The syngo.CT Lung CAD device is a Computer-Aided Detection (CAD) tool designed to assist radiologists in the
detection of solid and subsolid (part-solid and ground glass) pulmonary nodules during review of multi-detector
computed tomography (MDCT) from multivendor examinations of the chest. The software is an adjunctive tool to alert
the radiologist to regions of interest (ROI) that may otherwise be overlooked.
The syngo.CT Lung CAD device may be used as a concurrent first reader followed by a full review of the case by the
radiologist or as second reader after the radiologist has completed his/her initial read.
The software device is an algorithm which does not have its own user interface component for displaying of CAD marks.
The Hosting Application incorporating syngo.CT Lung CAD is responsible for implementing a user
interface.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2021


                          510(k) Summary                  K203258


This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR §807.92.

Date prepared: November 04, 2020

1.  Submitter (Legal Manufacturer):
   Siemens Healthcare GmbH
   Henkestrasse 127
   91052 Erlangen
   Germany

   Establishment Registration Number:
   3004977335

2.  Contact Person:
   Mr. Abhineet Johri
   Regulatory Affairs Manager
   Siemens Healthcare GmbH,
   65-3 Valley Stream Parkway
   Malvern, PA 19355.
   U.S.A
   E-mail: abhineet.johri@siemens-healthineers.com
   Telephone: +1 (484) 680-8723
   Fax: +1 610-448-6557

3.  Device Name and Classification:
   Trade Name:          syngo.CT Lung CAD (Version VD20)
    Classification Name:   Lung computed tomography system, computer-aided detection
    Classification Panel:    Radiology
  CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.2050
   Device Class:           Class II
   Product Code:      OEB

4.  Legally Marketed Predicate Device:
   Trade Name:          syngo.CT Lung CAD (Version VC30)


 All rights reserved.              510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VD20                    Page 1

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2021

   510(k) Clearance:     K193216
   Clearance Date:       March 2020
    Classification Name:   Lung computed tomography system, computer-aided detection
    Classification Panel:    Radiology
  CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.2050
   Device Class:           Class II
   Product Code:      OEB
   Recall Information:     This predicate device has not been the subject of any
                            design related recalls.

5. Device Description:
Siemens Healthcare GmbH intends to market the syngo.CT Lung CAD which is a medical
device that is designed to perform CAD processing in thoracic CT examinations for the
detection of solid pulmonary nodules (between 3.0 mm and 30.0mm) and subsolid (partsolid and ground glass) nodules (between 5.0 mm and 30.0mm) in average diameter. The
device processes images acquired with multi-detector CT scanners with 16 or more detector
rows.
The syngo.CT Lung CAD device supports the full range of nodule locations (central, peripheral) and contours (round, irregular).
The syngo.CT Lung CAD sends a list of nodule candidate locations to a visualization application, such as syngo MM Oncology, or a visualization rendering component, which
generates output images series with the CAD marks superimposed on the input thoracic CT
images to enable the radiologist’s review. syngo MM Oncology (FDA clearance k191309)
is deployed on the syngo.via platform (FDA clearance k191040), which provides a common
framework for various other applications implementing specific clinical workflows (but are
not part of this clearance) to display the CAD marks. The syngo.CT Lung CAD device may
be used either as a concurrent first reader, followed by a review of the case, or as a second
reader only after the initial read is completed
The subject device and predicate device have the same basic technical characteristics. This
does not introduce new types of safety or effectiveness concerns as demonstrated by the
statistical analyses and results of the reader study and additional evaluations results documented in the Statistical Analysis.

6. Intended Use:
syngo.CT Lung CAD software device is a Computer-Aided Detection (CAD) tool designed to assist radiologists in the detection of pulmonary nodules during review of
multi-detector computed tomography examinations of the chest. The software is an adjunctive tool to alert the radiologist to regions of interest (ROI) that may otherwise be
overlooked.


 All rights reserved.              510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VD20                    Page 2

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2021


7. Indications for Use:
The syngo.CT Lung CAD device is a Computer-Aided Detection (CAD) tool
designed to assist radiologists in the detection of solid and subsolid (part-solid
and ground glass) pulmonary nodules during review of multi-detector
computed tomography (MDCT) from multivendor examinations of the chest.
The software is an adjunctive tool to alert the radiologist to regions of interest (ROI) that
may otherwise be overlooked.
The syngo.CT Lung CAD device may be used as a concurrent first reader
followed by a full review of the case by the radiologist or as second reader after
the radiologist has completed his/her initial read.
The software device is an algorithm which does not have its own user interface
component for displaying of CAD marks. The Hosting Application incorporating
syngo.CT Lung CAD is responsible for implementing a user interface.

Safety and Effectiveness Information

Software design description, hazard analysis, and technical and safety information have
also been completed and provided in support of this device. The results of the hazard analysis, combined with the appropriate preventive measures taken indicate the device is of
moderate level of concern, as per Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submission for
Software Contained in Medical Devices, May 2005.
The device has no PHI and is utilized only by trained professionals. The output of the device
is evaluated by trained professionals as a concurrent first reader or as a second reader. Use
of this device does not impact the quality or status of the original acquired data.

Substantial Equivalence:

This premarket notification assesses that while Siemens syngo.CT Lung CAD VD20 introduces changes to the cleared device (syngo.CT Lung CAD VC30) in the indications for
use and extends the workflow to concurrent first reader, the technological characteristics
of the product and intended use have remained unchanged.

Specifically, both the predicate VC30 and VD20 share the same algorithm based on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) and the same basic architectural workflow. However,
VD20C extends the indication for use of VC30 by introducing:

 All rights reserved.              510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VD20                    Page 3

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2021


    (1) new AI models for Candidate Generation and Classification components to support the extension of the claims.
    (2) regional configurability of the workflow so that the device, subject to configuration controls, may be also used for outside the US Market.
    (3) a post-filtering module (also CNN-based) aimed at reducing false positives
       caused by bony protrusions or detections in the colon.
    (4) bug-fixes to address apical or basal-lungs under-segmentation.

These extensions do not introduce new types of safety or effectiveness questions. As
demonstrated by (a) the statistical analysis following the MRMC reader study and results
of the standalone Mark Overlap evaluations. Specifically:

    i.   The results from the analysis of the retrospective reader study meet the end points
      and as such validate that the new device VD20 (point 1 above) is safe and effective
   ii.   Regional configurability does not impact the safety and effectiveness of the device
       as the configurability does not affect the workflow nor the operational aspects of
       the device.
  iii.   The reduction of false positives by post-filtering (point 3 above) and bug-fixes
        (point 4 above) are subjects of the standalone analysis which has demonstrated
        that the marks generated by the two devices are reasonably consistent.

Note: The substantial equivalence comparison is performed with the previously cleared
VC30 version of this device, as reflected in the predicate labeling and provided in the
510(k) cleared in March 2020 (K193216).

In summary, Siemens Healthcare GmbH is of the opinion that the syngo.CT Lung CAD
software, as described within this document, does not pose any unmitigated safety risks and
is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

8. Summary of Differences between the Subject Device and the Predicate Device:
The differences between the subject device described in this premarket notification and
the predicate device are summarized in the following comparison Table 1 and Table 2 below.


 All rights reserved.              510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VD20                    Page 4

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2021


Subject            Current Predicate Device           New Device                                                                                   Type of Change and Impact to
Device            syngo.CT Lung CAD (VC30) (K193216)  syngo.CT Lung CAD (VD20)                                                                                                 Safety & Effectiveness
Characteristic
                                                                                         [Unchanged]Manufacturer       Siemens Healthcare GmbH             Siemens Healthcare GmbH                                                                            No Impact
Detection target      Solid pulmonary nodules in diagnostic      Solid and subsolid (part-solid and         [Updated]
                     chest CT acquisitions                     ground-glass) pulmonary nodules in        Reflecting parameters validated in the
                                                            screening and diagnostic chest CT acqui-  reader study.
                                                                        sitions
Intended Use       The LungCAD software device is a Com-  syngo.CT Lung CAD software device is a   [Updated]
                     puter-Aided Detection (CAD) tool de-      Computer-Aided Detection (CAD) tool de-                                                                                                             Reflecting key aspects for the intended
                    signed to assist                         signed to assist radiologists in the detec-                                                                                                       use. Details that explicitly relate to the
                       radiologists in the detection of solid pul-    tion of pulmonary nodules during review                                                                                                                   indication for use have been removed
                  monary nodules during review of multi-     of multi-detector computed tomography                                                                                       and are included in the indications for
                      detector                          (MDCT) thoracic examinations. The soft-                                                                                          use (see below).
                  computed tomographic (MDCT) thoracic   ware is an adjunctive tool to alert the raexaminations. The software is an adjunc-   diologist to regions of interest (ROI) that
                         tive tool                         may otherwise be overlooked.
                        that alerts the radiologist to regions of interest (ROI) that may be initially overlooked. The
                LungCAD software device use is intended to be used as a second reader
                         after the radiologist has completed
                       his/her initial read.


All rights reserved.              510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VD20                    Page 5

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2021


Indications For      •  The syngo.CT Lung CAD device is a   •  The syngo.CT Lung CAD device is a   [Updated]
Use                    computer-aided detection (CAD) tool      computer-aided detection (CAD) tool   Reflecting parameters validated in the
                       designed to assist radiologists in the      designed to assist radiologists in the   reader study.
                          detection of solid pulmonary nodules       detection of solid and subsolid (part-                                                                                                    Extensions include:
                         during review of multi-detector com-        solid and ground glass) pulmonary
                                                                                                                                                  - subsolid (part-solid and ground glass)                       puted tomography (MDCT) examina-      nodules during review of multi-detecnodules                            tions of the chest.                             tor computed tomography (MDCT)
                     •  The software is an adjunctive tool to       from multivendor examinations of the    - multivendor (Siemens, Ge, Philips,
                              alert the radiologist to regions of in-        chest.                           and Toshiba
                            terest (ROI) that may have been ini-   •  The software is an adjunctive tool to     - concurrent first reader workflow
                                   tially overlooked.                              alert the radiologist to regions of in-      - clarification on the fact that the device
                     •  The syngo.CT Lung CAD device is         terest (ROI) that may be otherwise     does not have its own user interface
                        intended to be used as a second          overlooked.
                        reader after the radiologist has com-   •  The syngo.CT Lung CAD device
                          pleted his/her initial read.              maybe be used as a concurrent first
                                                                    reader, followed by a full review of
                                                                   the case by the radiologist or as a
                                                          second reader after the radiologist
                                                         has completed his/her initial read.
                                                               •  The software device is an algorithm
                                                            which does not have its own user interface component for displaying of
                                            CAD marks. The Hosting Application
                                                                      incorporating syngo.CT Lung CAD is
                                                                   responsible for implementing a user
                                                                           interface.


All rights reserved.              510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VD20                    Page 6

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2021


Nodule             Size                                Diameter                              [Extended]
Characteristics      •   Solid ≥ 3mm and < 20mm             •   Solid ≥ 3mm and < 30mm                                                                                                                                                  - Solid nodules to 30mm
                                                               •   Subsolid (part-solid and ground
                                                                                                                                                  - Included Subsolid (part-solid and                   Locations                                     glass) ≥ 5mm and < 30mm
                                                                                              ground glass) nodules                     •    full range: central, peripheral         Locations
                   Contours:                                •    full range: central, peripheral               - Validated by reader study
                     •   round, irregular                    Contours:
                                                               •   round, irregular
Reader            second reader workflow                  concurrent first reader OR                [Updated]
Workflow                                              second reader workflow                    Reflecting parameters validated in the
                                                                                                     reader study.

Input scanning     Scanners                          Scanners                              [Updated]
parameters        Siemens multi-detector CT (MDCT)        Multi-vendor and multi-detector CT         Reflecting parameters validated in the
                     scanners.                         (MDCT) scanners (Siemens, GE, Philips,   reader study.
                                                    and Toshiba)

                    Detector rows                         Detector rows                         [Updated]
                  4 or more detector rows                16 or more detector rows               Recommendation to use 16 or more
                                                                                                            detector rows included, as recommended by FDA,
                                                                                                             Reflecting parameters validated in the
                                                                                                     reader study.
                 Scan area                        Scan area                             [Updated]
                 The scan area needs to comprise the     The scan area needs to comprise the en-   Clarification added; no Impact
                        entire thorax covering the lung apices to    tire thorax covering the lung apices to the
                     the bases                            bases (single breath hold recommended)

                 Scan direction                     Scan direction                       [Unchanged]
                     Cranio-caudal or caudal-cranial           Cranio-caudal or caudal-cranial         No Impact


All rights reserved.              510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VD20                    Page 7

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2021


                   Voltage                              Voltage                               [Updated]
                  120 -140 kVp                        100 -140 kVp                               Reflecting parameters validated in the
                                                                                                     reader study.

                 Exposure                                                             [Removed]
                  40–120 mAs                                    None                  Aspect captured by the Dose recommendation
                    Collimation                            Collimation                          [Unchanged]
                  1 mm or less                        1 mm or less                      No Impact

                     Slice width                              Slice Thickness                        [Updated]
                     1.00 - 1.25 mm                   Up to and including 2.5mm, it is recom-     Reflecting parameters validated in the
                                               mended that <= 1.25 mm be used for the  reader study.
                                                             detection of smaller nodules (e.g.
                                                  3.0mm)
                     Slice overlap                            Slice Overlap                          [Updated]
                0–25%                          0–50%                                     Reflecting parameters validated in the
                     Note: Reconstruction overlap is allowed,   Note: Reconstruction overlap is allowed,   reader study.
                     but gaps are not permitted                but gaps are not permitted

                Number of images                                                     [Removed]
                                                              None               Up to 1000 images per series.                                        No longer a technological limitation
                   Kernel                               Kernel                                [Updated]
                  Siemens B60                            Consistent with thoracic CT protocols and  Reflecting parameters validated in the
                                                                           in line with patient safety                  reader study.
                                                                   guidelines. Kernels were grouped as to
                                                                           their profile. Typical kernels
                                                                  validated by the reader study were:
                                                       Smooth: B, B30f, Standard, FC10.
                                                     Medium: C B45f, B50f, Lung, FC50,
                                                     FC51, Bv49d_2, I50f_2, B60f.
                                                           Sharp: D, B70f, Bone, FC52 .


All rights reserved.              510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VD20                    Page 8

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2021


                    Contrast                                                              [Removed]
                      Intravenous contrast enhancement is op-                                                    Insufficient data in the reader study to
                          tional                                          None                    substantiate this characteristic.


                 Dose                           Dose                                 [Extended]
                      Diagnostic                               Consistent with thoracic CT protocols and  Dose characteristic has been updated,
                                                                            in line with patient safety guidelines.       as discussed with FDA, to reflect the
                                                                 Typical values are: CTDIvol < 8.0 mGy     data for diagnostic and screening pro-
                                                                           (milligray) in diagnostic protocols and       tocols included and validated as part of
                                                         CTDIvol of = 3.0 mGy in screening proto-   the reader study.
                                                                        cols. These values are defined for standard sized patient—5 ft 7 in., 154 lb (170
                                                       cm, 70 kg)—based on a 32-cm reference
                                                     phantom with appropriate reductions in
                                                         CTDIvol for smaller patients and appropriate increases in CTDIvol for larger patients.

                                                                                         [Unchanged] and no Impact Hosting Platform     syngo.via (VB50)                         syngo.via (VB60)

 Hosting Application  syngo MM Oncology                   syngo MM Oncology                   [Unchanged] and no Impact
Table 1 Summary of Differences between the Subject Device and the Predicate Device


 All rights reserved.              510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VD20                    Page 9

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2021


 Functional Compo-                 LungCAD VC30                                 LungCAD VD20
       nent
Preprocessing         (a) isotropic volume resampling                                   (a) isotropic volume resampling
Standardization of       (b) lung segmentation is accomplished using a CCN. Initially    (b) lung segmentation is accomplished using a CCN. Initially a
the input images and   a coarse estimation of the lung is performed using a V-net      coarse estimation of the lung is performed using a V-net process.
lung segmentation      process. Using two predefined bounding boxes left and right    Using two predefined bounding boxes left and right lungs are inilungs are initialized. Another V-net is used to segment left        tialized. Another V-net is used to segment left and right lungs.
                   and right lungs. This is followed by up-sampling to the original  This is followed by up-sampling to the original image resolution.
                    image resolution.
Candidate Genera-     (a) isotropic volume is partitioned into subvolumes               (a) isotropic volume is partitioned into subvolumes
tion                      (b) Each subvolume is fed to a CNN to compute features (“re-   (b) Each subvolume is fed to a CNN to compute
The partitioned vol-    sponse volume”). Filtering and non-maximum suppression      features (“response volume”). Filtering and non-maximum supume is processed us-   yield a list of candidates for each subvolume                   pression yield a list of candidates for each subvolume
ing a CNN and fil-       (c) candidates above a certain threshold score are passed to    (c) candidates above a certain threshold score are passed to the
tered to yield a list of   the next step.                                               next step.
candidates for each
subvolume.
Candidate Classifi-  CNN is used for feature computation for each candidate.     CNN is used for feature computation for each candidate.
cation utilizes a         (a) The input image patch is firstly processed by batch nor-      (a) The input image patch is firstly processed by batch normalizaCNN-based classifier   malization.                                                              tion.
to process each can-    (b) Three blocks of operations are computed. In each block, a   (b) Three blocks of operations are computed. In each block, a
didate and  estimate   convolution, with stride 2, is used for down-sampling instead    convolution, with stride 2, is used for down-sampling instead of
the                      of max-pooling.                                             max-pooling.
likelihood of its type     (c) Semantic features from image features are computed us-    (c) Semantic features from image features are computed using
as either “nodule” or    ing two fully connected layers.                             two fully connected layers.
                           (d) A soft-max function, applied to each candidate, assigns 2    (d) A soft-max function, applied to each candidate, assigns 2 val-“non-nodule”.
                      values corresponding to the probability of being a nodule or    ues corresponding to the probability of being a nodule or being a
                      being a false positive.                                            false positive.
                           (e) A weighted-sum of the scores from this phase and           (e) A weighted-sum of the scores from this phase and the results
                        the results of the prior step is computed. Candidates above a   of the prior step is computed. Candidates above a certain threshold score are labeled as nodule candidates.                         certain threshold score are labeled as nodule candidates.


All rights reserved.              510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VD20                   Page 10

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2021


 Postfiltering1                                                                                  Postfiltering This step includes the application of two cascaded filters. The first one aims at removing false positives originating (a)
                                                                               from the colon and a second one from (b) calcified protrusions
                                                                                                          (for example, areas where the sternum meets the manubrium,
                                                                                   spine malformations, and osteophytes, and so on).
                                                                     The first filter is a CNN-based classifier that has a similar structure to that of the classifier in step 3.
                                                                     The second filter uses three orthogonal slices at the candidate location as input to three CCN-based classifiers (one per slice).
                                                                     The results from the three classifiers is then combined by a maxvoting mechanism. Any candidate deemed a false positive by either filter is thus removed


 Final Candidate List  The location information of all the nodule candidates are col-   The location information of all the nodule candidates are collected
                           lecte a final candidate list passed to the Hosting Application     into a final candidate list passed to Hosting Application.
Table 2: Functional Components for syngo.CT Lung CAD VC30 (predicate) and syngo.CT Lung CAD VD20 (Subject device)


1 This component was added in version d into VD20C (September 2020). It has been validated as part of the VD20+ paired overlap analysis.


 All rights reserved.              510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VD20                   Page 11

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2021


9. Statistical Analysis Summary

The statistical analyses aimed at substantiating the safety and effectiveness of LungCAD
VD20. The aim of the pivotal study was that of assessing the effect on readers’ diagnostic
accuracy when using Lung CAD, relative to their unaided accuracy.

20 readers reviewed all of 232 cases using both a second-reader as well as a concurrent
first reader workflows. Following the read according to both workflows, five expert radiologists reviewed all consolidated marks. The reference standard was based on reader majority (three out of five) followed by expert adjudication, as needed. As a result of the
study’s truthing process, 143 cases were identified as including at least one true nodule
and 89 with no true nodules.

All endpoints of the analyses were satisfactorily met. These analyses demonstrated that
all readers showed a significant improvement for the detection of pulmonary nodules
(solid, part-solid and ground glass) with both reading workflows.

The statistical analyses have provided the required evidence to demonstrate that the
primary as well as the secondary endpoints were met; thus, demonstrating that the new
device syngo.CT Lung CAD VD20 is substantially equivalent to the predicate
syngo.CT Lung CAD VC30.

Hence, the new device was shown to be: (a) as safe and effective as the legally marketed
predicate device and (b) not to raise questions of safety and effectiveness compared to the
predicate device with respect to the extensions of the indication for use.

    10. Non-clinical Performance Testing:
Non-clinical performance testing was performed at various levels for verification and validation of the device intended use and to ensure safety and effectiveness.


The protocol of the tests follows the testing activities of the software development and
quality management process. This protocol, which ensures both verification and validation, is structured at different levels of product testing to ensure that the above objectives
are met. These are:
   •  Unit test: Verify the Design Specification, Risk Mitigations, identify runtime errors and memory leaks, and Verify the Logic.
   •   Integration test: Verify the correct implementation of the design and test coverage
       specified by the software requirements and Design Specifications. The
                All rights reserved.  510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VD20     Page 12

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2021

       Implementation and effectiveness of Risk mitigation classified as Hazard is also
      checked (Hazard Tests).
   •  System test: It is performed on the integrated product comprising the software
        units and components.
   •  System Validation: Validate the intended use defined in the requirements specifications and risk labelling mitigations. These requirements will be validated using
      one of the Hosting Applications.


Tests specifications used for the test levels mentioned above include test descriptions, test
environment, and the test cases with the requirements that were tested. Tests are passed
only based on the defined acceptance criteria. To ensure continuous quality of the software, automatic testing with GUI- (graphical user interface) and Non-GUI-based tests are
performed to cover the software's functionality. The basis for the test automation is described in the corresponding Test Specifications. The matching of automated test cases
and test results is ensured through code reviews of the automation scripts.

Siemens Healthcare GmbH claims conformance to the following standards:

-  ISO 14971:2007Second edition 2007-03-01
-  IEC 62304 Edition 1.1 2015-06 Consolidated Version
-  IEC 62366-1 Edition 1.0 2015-02

    11. Software Verification and Validation:
Software documentation for a Moderate Level of Concern software per FDA’s Guidance
Document “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained
in Medical Devices” issued on May 11, 2005 is also included as part of this submission.
The performance data demonstrates continued conformance with special controls for
medical devices containing software. Non-clinical tests were conducted on the device
syngo.CT Lung CAD during product development.

The Risk Analysis was completed, and risk control implemented to mitigate identified
hazards. The testing results support that all the software specifications have met the acceptance criteria. Testing for verification and validation for the device was found acceptable to support the claims of substantial equivalence.


                All rights reserved.  510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VD20     Page 13

© Siemens Healthcare GmbH, 2021

Summary:
Performance tests were conducted to test the functionality of the device syngo.CT Lung
CAD . These tests have been performed to assess the functionality of the subject device.
Results of all conducted testing were found acceptable in supporting the claim of substantial equivalence.

12. Safety and Effectiveness Information:
Software specifications, design descriptions, hazard analysis, and labeling information are
submitted in support of this premarket notification. The device labeling contains instructions for use with cautions to provide for safe and effective use of the device.

The results of the hazard analysis combined with the appropriate preventive measures
taken indicate the device is of moderate level of concern, as per the Guidance for the
Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices (May 11,
2005).

13. Conclusion as to Substantial Equivalence:

This premarket notification assesses that while Siemens syngo.CT Lung CAD VD20 introduces change to the cleared device (syngo.CT Lung CAD VC30) in the indication for
use and extends the workflow to concurrent first reader, the technological characteristics
of the product and intended use have remained unchanged.

Specifically, both the predicate VC30 and VD20 share the same algorithm based on Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) and the same basic architectural workflow.
The bug fixes and addition of the postfiltering do not introduce new types of safety or effectiveness questions. As demonstrated in the statistical analysis following the MRMC
reader study and results of the standalone Mark Overlap evaluations.

The substantial equivalence comparison is performed with the previously cleared VC30
version of this device, as reflected in the predicate labeling and provided in the 510(k)
cleared in March 2020 (K193216).

In summary, Siemens Healthcare GmbH is of the opinion that the syngo.CT Lung CAD
software, as described within this document, does not pose any unmitigated safety risks and
is substantially equivalent to the predicate device since its accuracy has been shown to be
superior to the predicate device and the marks are reasonably consistent.


                All rights reserved.  510(k) for syngo.CT Lung CAD VD20     Page 14