GE Healthcare Japan Corporation                                     November 20, 2020
℅ Helen Peng
Sr. Regulatory Affairs Director
GE Medical Systems, LLC
3000 North Grandview Blvd
WAUKESHA WI 53188

Re: K203169
    Trade/Device Name: Revolution Ascend
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-Ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: October 22, 2020
    Received: October 23, 2020

Dear Helen Peng:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K203169 - Helen Peng                                                                 Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
 K203169

Device Name
Revolution Ascend


Indications for Use (Describe)
The system is intended to produce cross-sectional images of the body by computer reconstruction of x-ray transmission
data taken at different angles and planes, including Axial, Cine, Helical (Volumetric), Cardiac, and Gated acquisitions.
These images may be obtained either with or without contrast. This device may include signal analysis and display
equipment, patient and equipment supports, components and accessories.

This device may include data and image processing to produce images in a variety of trans-axial and reformatted planes.
Further the images can be post processed to produce additional imaging planes or analysis results.

The system is indicated for head, whole body, cardiac and vascular X-ray Computed Tomography applications in patients
of all ages.

The device output is a valuable medical tool for the diagnosis of disease, trauma, or abnormality and for planning,
guiding, and monitoring therapy.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF


                                                               4 - 2

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission for Revolution Ascend

                        510(k) Summary               K203169

This 510(k) summary of Safety and Effectiveness information is submitted in accordance
with the requirement of 21 CFR Part 807.87(h).

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:


  Date:                       October 22, 2020

                         GE Healthcare Japan Corporation  Submitter:
                                 7-127, Asahigaoka, 4-chome
                                   Hino-shi, Tokyo, 191-8503, Japan

  Primary Contact Person:       Tomohiro Ito
                                        Sr. Regulatory Affairs Leader
                           Phone +81-42-585-5383 or +81-90-8346-6807
                                  Email: tomohiro.ito@ge.com


  Secondary Contact Persons:    Helen Peng
                                   Sr Regulatory Affairs Director
                         GE Healthcare
                           Phone Number: 262-4248222
                                   e-mail: hong.peng@ge.com

                              John Jaeckle
                                  Chief Regulatory Affairs Strategist
                         GE Healthcare
                           Phone Number: 262-424-9547
                                   e-mail: John.Jaeckle.com


  Product Identification          Revolution Ascend

  Device Trade Name:           Revolution Ascend


  Regulation Number          Computed Tomography X-ray System, 21 CFR 892.1750

  / Classification:                  / Class II

  Product Code:                90-JAK

                         GE Healthcare Japan Corporation  Manufacturer
                                 7-127, Asahigaoka, 4-chome

                                           Page 1

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission for Revolution Ascend

                                   Hino-shi, Tokyo, 191-8503, Japan

  Predicate Device Information:

  Device Name                  Revolution Maxima

  510 (K) number             K192686 cleared on October, 2019

  Regualation Number/        Computed Tomography X-ray System, 21 CFR 892.1750 /

  Classification                   Class II

  Product Code                 90-JAK


Marketed Devices:

The Revolution Ascend is a CT device built upon the existing technologies of the predicate
device, GE Healthcare’ s currently marketed Computed Tomography X-ray System Revolution
Maxima (K192686).  It is of comparable type and substantially equivalent to Revolution
Maxima. In addition, the system has the same intended use and indication for use as that of
the predicate device. The system is labeled as the Revolution Ascend.

Device Description:
The Revolution Ascend CT system is head and whole body CT system incorporating the same
basic fundamental operating principles as the predicate device. It is composed of a gantry,
patient table, operator console, host computer, and power distribution unit (PDU), and
interconnecting cables.  The system also includes image acquisition and reconstruction
hardware/software, general system software, accompanying documents, and associated
accessories, interconnections. Its materials and construction are identical to our existing
marketed products.

Identical to the predicate, Revolution Ascend generates cross-sectional images of the body by
computer reconstruction of x-ray transmission data taken at different angles and planes,
including Axial, Cine, Helical (Volumetric), Cardiac, and Gated acquisitions modes. Revolution
Ascend’s Intended Use and Indications for Use remain identical to those of the predicate
device.

Revolution Ascend includes virtually  all the available features of the predicate device
Revolution Maxima. Compared to the predicate, the changes incorporated into Revolution
Ascend are primarily to introduce a widended bore gantry for easy handling of large patient,
trauma examinations, interventional procedures and radiotherapy planning, and addition of
other existing features already available from GE’s other CT systems. These ported features
include Auto Pilot workflow enabled by Deep learning based patient Auto Positioning,
Intelligent Protocoling enabled by Machine Learning, Smart Plan and Auto Prescription all


                                           Page 2

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission for Revolution Ascend

integrated into the modern software platform and GUI adopted from Revolution CT, and
cardiac feature Auto Gating and as well as Interventional feature 3D Guidance.

The performance and image quality specifications are substantially equivalent to the
predicate.  Revolution Ascend remains compliant with IEC 60601-1 Ed. 3.1 and associated
collateral and particular standards, IEC 61223-3-5, NEMA XR25, XR26, XR28, and 21 CFR
Subchapter J performance standards.


Intended Use:

The system is intended to be used for head, whole body Computed Tomography applications.


Indications for Use:

The system  is intended to produce cross-sectional images of the body by computer
reconstruction of x-ray transmission data taken at different angles and planes, including Axial,
Cine, Helical (Volumetric), Cardiac, and Gated acquisitions. These images may be obtained
either with or without contrast. This device may include signal analysis and display equipment,
patient and equipment supports, components and accessories.

This device may include data and image processing to produce images in a variety of transaxial and reformatted planes. Further the images can be post processed to produce additional
imaging planes or analysis results.

The system  is indicated for head, whole body, cardiac and vascular X-ray Computed
Tomography applications in patients of all ages.

The device output  is a valuable medical tool for the diagnosis of disease, trauma, or
abnormality and for planning, guiding, and monitoring therapy.


Technology:

Revolution  Ascend  employs  the same  basic  operating  principles and  fundamental
technologies as the predicate device.

The table below summarizes the substantive feature/technological differences between the
predicate device and the proposed device:


                                           Page 3

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission for Revolution Ascend

 Subsystem               Predicate Device          Proposed Device
                          Revolution      Maxima  Revolution Ascend
                         (K192686)
 Gantry                   Revolution Maxima gantry   Revolution Ascend Gantry
                                      - Bore: 70cm                      - Bore: 75cm
                                      - Digital Tilt ( 30)              - Physical Tilt ( 30)
 Patient Table            VT1700v, Lite              VT1700v, VT2000, VT2000x

 GUI                     Legacy platform            Revolution platform

 3D Guidance            Not Available                Available
                                                     *3D  Guidance  was  cleared   in
                                                        K153429 and ported to proposed
                                                                 device
 Smart Plan              Not Available                Available
                                                          *Smart Plan was cleared in K171013
                                                        and ported to proposed device
 Auto Prescription        Not Available                Available
                                                         * Auto Prescription was cleared in
                                                        K133705 and ported to proposed
                                                                 device
 Auto Gating             Not Available                Available
                                                         *  Auto  Gating   was  cleared  in
                                                        K133705 and ported to proposed
                                                                 device
 Intelligent Protocoling by  Not Available                Available
 Machine Learning                                        *workflow feature

 Auto Positioning by Deep  Available                    Available
 Learning


The changes described above do not change the fundamental control mechanism, operating
principle, energy type, and do not change the intended use from the  predicate device
Revolution Ascend.

Risk Analysis:

Potential electrical, mechanical, and radiation hazards are identified in risk management
including hazard analysis and controlled by:
     -  System verification and validation to ensure performance to specifications, Federal
       Regulations, and user requirements.
     -  Adherence and certification to industry and international standards. (UL/CSA and
       IEC60601-1 Ed.3.1 and associated collateral and particular standards for CT).


                                           Page 4

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission for Revolution Ascend

     -  Compliance to applicable CDRH 21 CFR subchapter J requirements.
     -  Compliance to NEMA XR 25, XR 26, and XR 28.

The device is designed and manufactured under the Quality System Regulations of 21 CFR 820
and ISO 13485.


Determination of Substantial Equivalence:

The Revolution Ascend has completed testing and in compliance with AAMI/ANSI ES 60601-1
and IEC60601-1 Ed. 3.1 and  its associated collateral and particular standards, 21 CFR
Subchapter J, and NEMA standards XR 25, XR 26, and XR 28. The device has successfully
completed engineering design V &V and bench testing in support of substantial equivalence
between the subject device and predicate device. The following quality assurance measures
were applied to the development of the system:

      • Risk Analysis
      • Required Reviews
      • Design Reviews
      • Testing on unit level (Module verification)
      • Integration testing (System verification)
      • Performance testing (Verification)
      • Safety testing (Verification)
      • Simulated use testing (Validation)

GE believes the Revolution Ascend CT system  is of comparable type and substantially
equivalent to our currently marketed system Revolution Maxima (K192686).

The substantial equivalence was also based on software documentation for a "Moderate"
level of concern device.


Summary of Additional Testing

Non-Clinical Testing:

The verification and validation testing have been successfully completed as required by
design control procedures under GE Healthcare’s  quality system. This   includes  risk
management, software verification and validation testing as well as image quality and dose
performance evaluation using well established metrics and methods. IQ and dose evalauition
include:


                                           Page 5

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission for Revolution Ascend

   •  Test using standard IQ, QA and ACR phantoms for standard conditions as well as
       challenging conditions such as with phantoms simulating large patients.
   •  Performance testing in accordance with IEC 61223-3-5 ed 2.
   •  3D guidance test with phantoms simulating interventional conditions.

Non-clinical bench test results demonstrated the subject device performs equivalently to the
predicate device.


Clinical Testing:

The Revolution Ascend can be fully tested on the engineering bench thus no additional clinical
testing was required.


Substantial Equivalence Conclusion:

Based on the conformance to standards, development under our quality system, and the
engineering testing provided, GE Healthcare believes that the Revolution Ascend is as safe
and effective, and performs in a substantially equivalent manner to the predicate device
Revolutiuon Maxima (K192686).


                                           Page 6