ClariPi Inc.

President
ClariPi Detroit Office
1645 Park Creek Ct. Rochester Hills
DETROIT MI 48309

Re: K203785
    Trade/Device Name: ClariSIGMAM
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: August 9, 2021
    Received: August 9, 2021

Dear Harry Park:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reporting-

K203785 - Harry Park                                                                 Page 2


combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K203785
Device Name
ClariSIGMAM
Indications for Use (Describe)
ClariSIGMAM is a software application intended for use with compatible full field digital mammography systems.
ClariSIGMAM calculates percent breast density defined as the ratio of fibroglandular tissue to total breast area estimates.
ClariSIGMAM uses this numerical value to provide breast density group information (BI-RADS A+B as fatty and BIRADS C+D as dense) to aid interpreting physicians in the assessment of breast tissue composition. ClariSIGMAM
produces adjunctive information. It is not a diagnostic aid.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Summary
                            K203785

This 510(k) Summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of as required by
section 807.92(c).

I.  SUBMITTER
         ClariPi Inc.
       3F, 70-15, Ihwajang-gil, Jongno-gu
        Seoul, Korea, Republic of [03088]
         Tel: +82-2-741-3014
       Fax: +82-2-743-3014
        Email: claripi@claripi.com

       Contact person: Ms. Hyun-Sook Park, CEO
       Date Prepared: September 09, 2021

II.  DEVICE
     Name of Device: ClariSIGMAM
     Common or Usual Name: Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
         Classification Name: Medical image management and processing (21 CFR 892.2050)
       Regulatory Class: II
       Product Code: QIH

III. PREDICATE DEVICE
        This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.
      The ClariSIGMAM software device, addressed in this premarket notification, is
         substantially equivalent to the following commercially available software:

        Device Classification Name     System, Image processing, Radiological
         510(k) Number              K170540
        Device Name                 DM-Density
         Applicant                       Densitas, Inc.
                                  1344 Summer Street, Suite 311.2
                                              Halifax, CA B3h 0A8

         Regulation Number            892.2050
          Classification Product Code    LLZ
        Date Received                02/13/2017

         Decision Date                 02/23/2018
        510k Review Panel            Radiology


        Further to the predicate device, ClariPi has identified the following currently marketed
       devices as reference predicate device of proposed ClariSIGMAM:

        Device Classification Name     System, Image processing, Radiological
         510(k) Number              K132742
        Device Name                  iReveal (formerly M-Vu Breast Density)

Applicant                    iCAD, Inc. (formerly VuCOMP, Inc.)
                                  98 Spit Brook Road, Suite 100
                                   Nashua, NH 03062 USA
         Regulation Number           892.2050
          Classification Product Code    LLZ
        Date Received                09/03/2013
         Decision Date                 12/03/2013
        510k Review Panel            Radiology


IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION
      ClariSIGMAM software is a standalone software application that automatically analyzes
          “for presentation” 2D digital mammograms to assess breast tissue composition.
      The software assesses the breast density of women and generates a breast density
       group information for the patient (BI-RADS A+B as fatty and BI-RADS C+D as dense)  in
       accordance with the American College of Radiology’s Breast Imaging Reporting and Data
      System (BI-RADS) density classification scale.
       Output of breast density by ClariSIGMAM is designed to display on a mammography
        workstation or PACS as DIOCM mammography structured report or secondary capture.
      The reports are configured to provide the following data:

          • Breast area (cm2) for each breast
          • Fibroglandular tissue area (cm2) for each breast
          • Percent breast density for each breast
          • Breast density group information for the patient (BI-RADS A+B as fatty and BI-RADS C+D
        as dense)


V. INDICATIONS FOR USE
      ClariSIGMAM is a software application intended for use with compatible full field digital
      mammography systems. ClariSIGMAM calculates percent breast density defined as the
         ratio of fibroglandular tissue to  total breast area estimates. ClariSIGMAM uses this
       numerical value to provide breast density group information (BI-RADS A+B as fatty and BIRADS C+D as dense) to aid interpreting physicians in the assessment of breast tissue
        composition. ClariSIGMAM produces adjunctive information. It is not a diagnostic aid.

VI. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE TABLE
      The subject device (ClariSIGMAM) is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices
       (K170540, DM-Density) which also calculate breast density as a ratio of fibro-glandular
        tissue and total breast area estimates. Both devices are not to be used as diagnostic aids,
        but to provide adjunctive information only. Users in both cases must be qualified medical
         practitioners and exercise  their  professional judgment when  formulating  diagnostic
        decisions and selecting appropriate treatment paths that are supported by breast density
        data. Both devices utilize standard DICOM communications protocol to receive Digital
      mammograms, processes them and automatically transfers the DICOM summary report to
        the picture archiving and communication system (PACS).


K203785

The difference lies in image source modalities and breast density category. The subject
       device  is compatible and validated to certain Hologic and GE digital mammography
       systems whereas the predicate device (K170540) is compatible with Hologic Selenia
       Dimensions and Hologic Lorad Selenia the reference device (K132742) is compatible with
           all  digital radiography (DR) systems and computer radiography (CR) systems. The
        predicate device reports four BI-RADS categories as the output of the device whereas the
        subject device reports dense (BI-RADS C+D) versus fatty (BI-RADS A+B). It has no effect
      on the safety or efficacy of the subject device and does not raise any potential safety risks,
      and the subject device is identical in performance to the legally marketed device.

      The following information compares the predicate devices and the subject device.

                                            Predicate Device-     Reference Device -
                     Subject Device –          Item                             DM-Density      M-Vu Breast Density                    ClariSIGMAM
                                             (K170540)             (K132742)
         Intended   ClariSIGMAM is a      DM-Density is a       M-Vu Breast Density is
       Use /       software application     software application    a software application
          Indication   intended for use with    intended for use with    intended for use with
           for Use     compatible full field      compatible full field        digital mammography
                          digital mammography     digital mammography    systems. M-Vu Breast
                    systems.               systems. DM-Density    Density calculates
                  ClariSIGMAM            calculates percent       breast density as a
                      calculates percent       breast density defined    ratio of fibroglandular
                     breast density defined   as the ratio of            tissue and total breast
                  as the ratio of            fibroglandular tissue to  area estimates. M-Vu
                       fibroglandular tissue to   total breast area        Breast Density
                          total breast area         estimates. DM-Density   provides these
                     estimates and           provides these          numerical values for
                     provides breast         numerical values for    each breast as well as
                      density group          each breast as well as   a density category to
                      information (BI-RADS   a density category to     aid radiologists in the
               A+B as fatty and BI-     aid interpreting         assessment of breast
              RADS C+D as dense)   physicians in the         tissue composition. Mto aid radiologists in     assessment of breast   Vu Breast Density
                     the assessment of       tissue composition.     produces adjunctive
                     breast tissue           DM-Density produces    information, It is not an
                     composition.             adjunctive information.   interpretive or
                  ClariSIGMAM                   It is not a diagnostic      diagnostic aid.
                   produces adjunctive      aid.
                      information. It is not a
                      diagnostic aid.
         Intended     Interpreting               Interpreting Physicians   Interpreting Physicians
        User        Physicians,
                      Radiologists and
                      Specialists
        Image    GE Senograph 2000D   Hologic Selenia            All digital radiography
        Source   GE Senograph DS      Dimensions            (DR) systems and
         Modalities  GE Senographe         Hologic Lorad Selenia   computed radiography
                       Pristina                                    (CR) systems
                     Hologic Selenia
                   Dimensions
                     Hologic Lorad Selenia
        Image    DICOM digital        DICOM full field digital  DICOM digital

K203785

Predicate Device-     Reference Device -
                     Subject Device –           Item                             DM-Density      M-Vu Breast Density                    ClariSIGMAM
                                             (K170540)             (K132742)
         Format    mammography imager  mammography imager  mammography imager
                  – For Presentation;     – For Presentation;     – For Processing;
                RCC, LCC, RMLO,     RCC, LCC, RMLO,     RCC, LCC, RMLO,
              LMLO             LMLO             LMLO
         Output     For each breast:       BI-RADS 4th Ed.       For each breast:
        Data          • Area of fibroglandular   For each breast:            • Area of fibroglandular
                        tissue (cm²)                • Area of fibroglandular   tissue (cm²)
                            • Area of breast (cm²)    tissue (cm²)                  • Area of breast (cm²)
                            • Area-based breast        • Area of breast (cm²)     • Area-based breast
                       density (%)                 • Area-based breast      density (%)
                    For each patient:        density (%)             For each patient:
                                          For each patient: DM-  VuCOMP density                            • Breast density group
                                            Density breast density   grade/BIRADS breast                       information for the
                                         grade and percent       density                        patient (BI-RADS
                                             breast density                A+B as fatty and BIRADS C+D as
                                   BI-RADS 5th Ed.                    dense)
                                          For each patient: DMDensity breast density
                                         grade


VII. PERFORMANCE DATA
    Non-clinical performance testing has been performed on ClariSIGMAM, (the subject device)
   and demonstrates compliance with the following International and FDA-recognized consensus
    standards and FDA guidance document:
    •  ISO 14971 Medical devices – Application of risk management to medical devices
    •  NEMA-PS 3.1- PS 3.20 Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)
    •   Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical
       Devices issued May 11, 2005.
    •   Design Considerations and Pre-market Submission Recommendations for Interoperable
       Medical Devices issued September 6, 2017.
    •  The subject device, was tested in accordance with the internal Verification and Validation
       processes of ClariPi Inc. Verification and Validation tests have been performed to address
        intended use, the technological characteristics claims, requirement specifications, and the
         risk management results. Validation testing included:
           - ClariSIGMAM-generated  breast  density estimates on  substantial data  sets were
       compared with Gold Standard breast density estimates which were established by
         generating breast density measurements using an interactive thresholding software
        (Cumulus, Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre, Toronto, ON, Canada) by expert
          radiologist.
           - Reproducibility for what is known to decrease breast density with age was evaluated by
         running ClariSIGMAM on a substantial data set.
           - Breast density estimates with ClariSIGMAM were made on a paired set of mammograms
         with a maximum imaging period of a one year apart in order to assess if ClariSIGMAMgenerated breast density estimates were reproducible over time.
           - ClariSIGMAM was run over substantial data sets and the breast density estimates for left
       and right breasts were compared to confirm that the results are similar for each view.

K203785

- Comparison of breast density group information (BI-RADS A+B as fatty and BI-RADS
      C+D as dense) between experts’ visual assessment and automated assessment with
       ClariSIGMAM was assessed on reference standard dataset for BI-RADS breast density
         category that was established by a consensus visual assessment of expert readers
         according to BI-RADS 5th Edition.


   ClariSIGMAM results were compared to a consensus assessment from four expert readers’
    independent assessments of breast density category on a dataset that spanned all compatible
   FFDM systems. The results for the binary density task using are summarized below:
     ● Confusion matrix for ClariSIGMAM and the reference standard on binary breast density
         task (BI-RADS A+B as fatty vs. BI-RADS C+D as dense).
        n=837; Kappa 0.734 [0.688, 0.781]
                                                   Readers’ consensus
                                                Fatty          Dense       Accuracy
                              Fatty            293              63          86.6%
         ClariSIGMAM                        Dense            45              436         87.3%
                              Total            338             499


   The test results in this 510(k), demonstrate that ClariSIGMAM:
    •   complies with the aforementioned international and FDA-recognized consensus standards
      and
    •  FDA guidance document, and
    •  Meets the acceptance criteria and is adequate for its intended use.
    Therefore, ClariSIGMAM, is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed predicate
    devices, in terms of safety and effectiveness.

    Clinical Testing:
   ClariSIGMAM does not require clinical studies to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the
    predicate devices.

VIII CONCLUSIONS
    Verification and  Validation  activities  required  to  establish  safety and  effectiveness  of
   ClariSIGMAM, were performed. Testing involved system level tests, performance tests, and
    safety tests from risk analysis. These tests demonstrated the subject device meets pre-defined
    functionality requirements.
   The subject device and predicate devices are substantially equivalent in the areas of technical
    characteristics, general function, application, and intended use. Test results with the substantial
    datasets demonstrate that the subject device is as safe and effective as the predicate devices.
    Therefore the subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.


K203785