DeepHealth, Inc.                                                              April 16, 2021
A. Gregory Sorensen, M.D.
President and CEO
1000 Massachusetts Ave
CAMBRIDGE MA 02138

Re: K203517
    Trade/Device Name: Saige-Q
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QFM
    Dated: March 19, 2021
    Received: March 19, 2021

Dear Dr. Sorensen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K203517 - A. Gregory Sorensen, M.D.                                                    Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K203517
Device Name
Saige-Q
Indications for Use (Describe)
Saige-Q is a software workflow tool designed to aid radiologists in prioritizing exams within the standard-of-care image
worklist for compatible full-field digital mammography (FFDM) and digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT) screening
mammograms. Saige-Q uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to generate a code for a given mammogram, indicative of
the software’s suspicion that the mammogram contains at least one suspicious finding. Saige-Q makes the assigned codes
available to a PACS/EPR/RIS/workstation for worklist prioritization or triage.
Saige-Q is intended for passive notification only and does not provide any diagnostic information beyond triage and
prioritization. Thus, it is not intended to replace the review of images or be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical
decision-making. The decision to use Saige-Q codes and how to use those codes is ultimately up to the interpreting
radiologist. The interpreting radiologist is responsible for reviewing each exam on a diagnostic viewer and evaluating
each patient according to the current standard of care.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K203517


                                      510(k) SUMMARY

                                DeepHealth’s Saige-Q

                            501(k) Submission Number K203517


Submitter:
DeepHealth, Inc.
1000 Massachusetts Avenue
Cambridge, MA 02138
Phone: 617-970-3817
Email: sorensen@deep.health

Contact Person: A. Gregory Sorensen
Date Prepared:  November 30, 2020

Name of Device: Saige-Q™
Common or Usual Name: Medical Imaging Software
Classification Name: Radiological Computer-Assisted Triage and Notification Software
Regulatory Class: Class II (21 CFR 892.2080)
Product Code: QFM

Predicate Devices
CureMetrix, Inc., cmTriage, K183285

Device Description

       Saige-Q is a software workflow device that processes Digital Breast Tomosynthesis (DBT) and
        Full-Field Digital Mammography (FFDM) screening mammograms using artificial intelligence
        to act as a prioritization tool for interpreting radiologists. By automatically indicating whether a
       given mammogram is suspicious for malignancy, Saige-Q can help the user prioritize or triage
       cases in their worklist (or queue) that may benefit from prioritized review.

       Saige-Q takes as input a set of x-ray mammogram DICOM files from a single screening
      mammography study (FFDM or DBT). The software first checks that the study is appropriate
         for Saige-Q analysis and then extracts, processes and analyses the DICOM images using an
          artificial intelligence algorithm. As a result of the analysis, the software generates a Saige-Q
      code indicating the software’s suspicion of the presence of findings suggestive of breast
       cancer. For mammograms given a Saige-Q code of “Suspicious,” the software also generates
      a compressed preview image, which is for informational purposes only and is not intended for
        diagnostic use.

      The Saige-Q code can be viewed by radiologists on a picture archiving and communication
      system (PACS), Electronic Patient Record (EPR), and/or Radiology Information System (RIS)
        worklist and can be used to reorder the worklist. As a software-only device, Saige-Q can be
       hosted on a compatible host server connected to the necessary clinical IT systems such that
     DICOM studies can be received and the resulting outputs returned where they can be
       incorporated into the radiology worklist.

      The Saige-Q codes can be used for triage or prioritization. For example, “Suspicious” studies
       could be  given  prioritized  review. With a  worklist  that  supports  sorting, batches  of
     mammograms could also be sorted based on the Saige-Q code.


                                                                          Page 1

Intended Use / Indications for Use

       Saige-Q is a software workflow tool designed to aid radiologists in prioritizing exams within the
       standard-of-care image worklist for compatible full-field digital mammography (FFDM) and
         digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT) screening mammograms. Saige-Q uses an  artificial
        intelligence algorithm to generate a code for a given mammogram, indicative of the software’s
       suspicion that the mammogram contains at least one suspicious finding. Saige-Q makes the
       assigned codes available to a PACS/EPR/RIS/workstation for worklist prioritization or triage.

       Saige-Q  is intended  for passive notification only and does not provide any diagnostic
        information beyond triage and prioritization. Thus, it is not intended to replace the review of
      images or be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making. The decision to use
       Saige-Q codes and how to use those codes is ultimately up to the interpreting radiologist. The
        interpreting radiologist is responsible for reviewing each exam on a diagnostic viewer and
        evaluating each patient according to the current standard of care.

Summary of Technological Characteristics

       Saige-Q is a software only device that consists of several core components that perform the
        following functions: 1) receive mammogram study data as DICOM files, 2) preprocess the
     DICOM files and check that the study is appropriate for analysis, 3) analyze the study images
       using an artificial intelligence algorithm, 4) generate outputs based on the analysis and 5) send
       the outputs to the appropriate clinical IT system for viewing on a radiology worklist.

      The receiving and sending components are configured at the time of installation in conjunction
        with clinical IT staff. The software should be installed on a compatible host machine that is
       connected to the appropriate clinical IT systems (e.g., RIS, PACS and/or EPR) that enable the
       device to receive DICOM studies and return Saige-Q outputs.

      The preprocessing component of the device performs two functions. The first function is to
       check that the study is appropriate for analysis. For example, if the study is not a mammogram,
       Saige-Q  will not proceed with  analysis. Saige-Q  is compatible with FFDM and DBT
     mammogram studies acquired using Hologic mammography equipment. The second function
         is to preprocess the images to be analyzed. The preprocessed images become the input to
       the AI algorithm, which generates the Saige-Q code using deep neural networks that have
      been trained on large numbers of mammograms where cancer status is known.

      The technical components described above are also found in the predicate device, though the
       exact implementation may vary. One difference relative to the predicate device is Saige-Q’s
         ability to process DBT mammograms, which requires an additional AI model. A comprehensive
       comparison with the predicate device is provided in the following table:

                   Subject device                Predicate device            Summary

                  Saige-Q                     cmTriage
                  DeepHealth Inc.               CureMetrix.
                                         K183285

 Regulation       21 CFR 892.2080 -           21 CFR 892.2080 -           Same
 number           Radiological Computer-        Radiological ComputerAssisted Prioritization          Assisted Prioritization Software


                                                                          Page 2

Software

Product code   QFM               QFM                     Same

Class                 II                                     II                        Same

Intended use      Saige-Q is a software          cmTriage is a passive           Both devices have the
                 workflow tool designed to aid   prioritization-only, parallel-      same intended use
                     radiologists in prioritizing      workflow software tool used by   per 21 CFR 892.2080
                exams within the standard-of-   radiologists to prioritize specific
                   care image worklist for full-     patients within the standard-offield digital mammography     care image worklist for 2D
              (FFDM) and digital breast    FFDM screening mammograms.
                  tomosynthesis (DBT)         cmTriage uses an artificial
                   screening mammograms.        intelligence algorithm to
                 Saige-Q uses an artificial       analyze 2D FFDM screening
                     intelligence algorithm to      mammograms and flags those
                   generate a code for a given      that are suggestive of the
              mammogram, indicative of     presence of at least one
                    the software’s suspicion that    suspicious finding at the exam
                    the mammogram contains at     level. These flags are viewed by
                      least one suspicious finding.     the radiologist via their PACS
                 Saige-Q makes the assigned     worklist. The decision to use
                  codes available to a           cmTriage codes and how to use
                 PACS/EPR/RIS/workstation    cmTriage codes is ultimately up
                     for worklist prioritization or     to the radiologist. cmTriage
                      triage.                       does not send a proactive alert
                                                        directly to the radiologist.
                 Saige-Q is intended for
                   passive notification only and    Radiologists are responsible for
                  does not provide any           reviewing each exam on a
                    diagnostic information          diagnostic viewer according to
                beyond triage and               the current standard of care.
                      prioritization. Thus, it is not
                   intended to replace the review  cmTriage is limited to the
                   of images or be used on a       categorization of exams, does
                   stand-alone basis for clinical    not provide any diagnostic
                   decision-making. The          information beyond triage and
                   decision to use Saige-Q codes   prioritization, does not remove
                 and how to use those codes is   images from the radiologist’s
                    ultimately up to the              worklist, and should not be used
                     interpreting radiologist. The     in lieu of full patient evaluation,
                     interpreting radiologist is       or relied upon to make or
                    responsible for reviewing       confirm diagnosis.
                  each exam on a diagnostic
                  viewer and evaluating each     cmTriage is for prescription use
                     patient according to the         only.
                    current standard of care.

Technical        The device provides triage or   The device provides triage or    Same
Method            notification that is informed     notification that is informed by
                by artificial intelligence           artificial intelligence
                    algorithms.                     algorithms.


                                                                          Page 3

Anatomical Site   Breast                         Breast                     Same

Clinical           Breast cancer                  Breast cancer               Same
condition

Notification-     Yes                      Yes                      Same
only, parallel
workflow tool

Alert to finding   Passive notification flagged     Passive notification flagged for   Same
                     for review                    review

Preview Image    Preview of the                Preview of the study for initial   Same
                   study for initial assessment,     assessment, not meant for
                   not meant for diagnostic        diagnostic purposes.
                   purposes.                  The device operates in parallel
                The device operates in         with the standard of care, which
                      parallel with the standard of    remains the default option for
                     care, which remains the           all cases.
                    default option for all cases.

Multiple          Yes; 3 operating points        Yes; a continuous range of        Similar but Saige-Q
operating                                         operating points.                 uses a more
points                                                                              conservative
                                                                             approach by prespecifying a discrete
                                                                     number of operating
                                                                                            points.

Independent of    Yes; no cases are removed      Yes; no cases are removed from  Same
standard of care  from worklist                   worklist
workflow

End users         Radiologists                    Radiologists                Same

Type of       FFDM and DBT screening    FFDM screening mammograms.  Both devices operate
mammograms    mammograms.                                          on screening
                                                              mammograms (x-ray
                                                                                   images), but
                                                                          cmTriage is intended
                                                                                           for FFDM cases only
                                                                           whereas Saige-Q is
                                                                                  intended for both
                                                    FFDM and DBT
                                                                                          cases.

Deployment      On-premise                  On-premise with cloud            Different, but does
                                                  processing                       not raise any new
                                                                                    questions regarding
                                                                                         safety and
                                                                                          effectiveness.

Output device    The end user interacts with     The end user interacts with the    There is no


                                                                          Page 4

the output of the device in the   output of the device in the         significant difference.
                        facility’s PACS/EPR/RIS        facility’s PACS software
                    software (worklist).              (worklist).

 Software levels   Moderate                    Moderate                  Same
 of concern


Performance Data

      DeepHealth conducted two retrospective, blinded, multi-center studies  to evaluate the
       standalone performance of Saige-Q, one study using FFDM and a separate study using DBT
      mammograms. The primary objective was the same for each study: to assess the sensitivity
      and specificity of Saige-Q relative to radiologist performance, as estimated by BCSC. The
       secondary objective was to assess the processing time performance when executing SaigeQ software on FFDM and separately on DBT mammograms to ensure processing times are
        within clinically acceptable ranges.

      Data for the FFDM study was collected from eight clinical sites across two states in the United
       States with 501 malignant exams and 832 normal exams. Data for the DBT study was collected
       from six clinical sites across two states in the United States, with 517 malignant exams and
      1011 normal exams. The test dataset excludes screening BI-RADS 0 cases that were
       determined to be benign after diagnostic workup. DeepHealth had never collected data from
       the clinical sites previous to this study either for training or testing. Malignant exams were
       confirmed using pathology reports from biopsied lesions and normal cases were confirmed
        with a negative clinical interpretation (BIRADS 1 or 2) followed by another negative clinical
        interpretation at least two years later. Each case was reviewed by two independent expert
        radiologists (and an adjudicator  if discordance was observed) to establish the reference
       standard for each case.

        In the FFDM study, Saige-Q achieved an  overall area under the  receiver operating
        characteristic curve (AUC) of 0.966 (95% CI: [0.957, 0.975]). In the DBT study, Saige-Q
       achieved an overall AUC of 0.985 (95% CI: [0.979, 0.990]) on the DBT data. This performance
      meets or exceeds the performance of the predicate device and exceeds the requirement
        specified for the QFM product code for effective triage with an AUC >0.95.

      The primary endpoints of the studies consisted of sensitivity and specificity targets to validate
        that Saige-Q operates with a 95% CI for both sensitivity and specificity above the 80% CI
       reported in BCSC data.

      The primary endpoint for FFDM was successfully met with Saige-Q demonstrating a specificity
        at 86.9% sensitivity of 92.2% (95% CI: [90.2%, 93.8%]) and a sensitivity at 88.9% specificity
        of 91.2% (95%: [88.4%, 93.4%]).

      The primary endpoint for DBT was also successfully met with Saige-Q demonstrating a
         specificity at 86.9% sensitivity: 98.3% (95% CI: [97.3%, 99.0%]) and a sensitivity at 89.9%
         specificity of 95.7% (95% CI: [93.6%, 97.2%]).

     A sub-analysis of performance by lesion type (soft tissue densities vs. calcifications), breast
        density (dense vs. non-dense), age, and lesion size showed similar performance across subcategories. For instance, on FFDM, Saige-Q achieved an AUC of 0.964 (95% CI: [0.954,


                                                                          Page 5

0.974]) on soft tissue densities and an AUC of 0.973 (95% CI: [0.958, 0.988]) on calcifications.
       For DBT, Saige-Q achieved an AUC of 0.983 (95% CI: [0.977, 0.990]) on soft tissue densities
      and an AUC of 0.989 (95% CI: [0.983, 0.996]) on calcifications. For breast density, Saige-Q
       achieved an AUC of 0.959 (95% CI: [0.945, 0.973]) on dense breasts and an AUC of 0.972
      (95% CI: [0.961, 0.984]) on non-dense breasts for FFDM exams. For DBT, Saige-Q achieved
      an AUC of 0.980 (95% CI: [0.971, 0.988]) on dense breasts and an AUC of 0.988 (95% CI:
        [0.981, 0.996]) on non-dense breasts.

      The secondary endpoints required the processing time for each FFDM and DBT mammogram
        to be within  clinical operational expectations of breast cancer screening. The median
       processing time for FFDM was 15.5 seconds and was 196.8 seconds for DBT. These
       processing times are within the clinical expectations for screening mammograms.

      Based on the clinical performance as documented in the pivotal clinical study, Saige-Q has a
        safety and effectiveness profile that is similar to the predicate device.

Conclusions

       Saige-Q is as safe and effective as cmTriage. Saige-Q has the same intended uses and similar
        indications, technological characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate device.
      The minor differences in indications do not alter the intended use of the device and do not
        affect its safety and effectiveness when used as labeled. In addition, the minor technological
        differences between Saige-Q and  its predicate device raise no new issues of safety or
        effectiveness. Performance data demonstrate that Saige-Q  is as safe and effective as
       cmTriage. Thus, Saige-Q is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device.


                                                                          Page 6