Vysioneer Inc                                                     March 19, 2021.
℅ Chiu S. Lin
Consultant
33 Rogers Street, # 308
CAMBRIDGE MA 02142

Re: K203235
    Trade/Device Name: VBrain
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QKB
    Dated: February 9, 2021
    Received: February 10, 2021

Dear Chiu Lin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K203235 - Chiu Lin                                                                   Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K203235
Device Name
VBrain
Indications for Use (Describe)
VBrain is a software device intended to assist trained medical professionals, during their clinical workflows of radiation
therapy treatment planning, by providing initial object contours of known (diagnosed) brain tumors (i.e., region of
interest, ROI) on axial T1 contrast-enhanced brain MRI images.
VBrain uses an artificial intelligence algorithm (i.e., deep learning neural networks) to contour (segment) brain tumor on
MRI images for trained medical professionals’ attention, which is meant for informational purposes only and not intended
for replacing their current standard practice of manual contouring process. VBrain does not alter the original MRI image,
nor does it intend to be used to detect tumors for diagnosis. VBrain is intended only for generating Gross Tumor Volume
(GTV) contours of brain metastases, meningiomas, and acoustic neuromas on axial T1 contrast-enhanced MRI images; It
is not intended to be used with images of other brain tumors. The user must know the tumor type when they use VBrain.
VBrain is intended to be used on adult patients only.
Medical professionals must finalize (confirm or modify) the contours generated by VBrain, as necessary, using an
external platform available at the facility that supports DICOM-RT viewing/editing functions, such as image visualization
software and treatment planning system.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

Vysioneer Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VBrain

                                                                    K203235
            Section 5   510(k) Summary

5.1   Submitter


Vysioneer Inc.

33 Rogers St. #308, Cambridge, MA 02142

 Contact Person:                               Jen-Tang Lu, PhD (Chief Executive Officer)

 Phone:                                      609-865-8659

 Email:                                        jt@vysioneer.com

 Date Summary Prepared:                      February 09, 2021


5.2   Device Name


 Trade Name:                               VBrain

Common Name:                                 Radiological Image Processing Software for
                                                  Radiation Therapy

 Regulation Number / Product Code:           21 CFR 892.2050 / QKB


5.3  PREDICATE DEVICE


Primary Predicate #1: AccuContour™, K191928, Xiamen Manteia Technology LTD

Primary Predicate #2: MIM - MRT Dosimetry, K182624, MIM Software Inc.


5.4   Intended Use / Indications for Use


VBrain is a software device intended to assist trained medical professionals, during their clinical
workflows of radiation therapy treatment planning, by providing initial object contours of known
(diagnosed) brain tumors (i.e., the region of interest, ROI) on axial T1 contrast-enhanced brain
MRI images.


                                            Section 5. Page 1 of 9

Vysioneer Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VBrain

VBrain uses an artificial intelligence algorithm (i.e., deep learning neural networks) to contour
(segment) brain tumor on MRI images for trained medical professionals’ attention, which is meant
for informational purposes only and not intended for replacing their current standard practice of
manual contouring process. VBrain does not alter the original MRI image, nor does it intend to
be used  to  detect  tumors  for  diagnosis. VBrain  is  intended  only  for generating  Gross
Tumor Volume (GTV) contours of brain metastases, meningiomas, and acoustic neuromas on
axial T1 contrast-enhanced MRI images; It is not intended to be used with images of other brain
tumors. The user must know the tumor type when they use VBrain. VBrain is intended to be
used on adult patients only.

Medical professionals must finalize (confirm or modify) the contours generated by VBrain, as
necessary, using an  external platform  available  at  the  facility  that supports DICOM-RT
viewing/editing functions, such as image visualization software and treatment planning system.

5.5   Device Description


VBrain is a software device indicated for use in the analysis of brain MRI images. The device
consists of image preprocessing, deep learning neural networks, and postprocessing components,
and is intended to assist trained medical professionals, during clinical workflows of radiation
therapy treatment planning, by highlighting and contouring known (diagnosed) brain tumors on
the axial T1 contrast-enhanced MRI images. The software is configured to work on a PACS
network. Upon user’s request, it will pull patient scans or users can send corresponding MR images,
and  the device  will  utilize deep  learning  neural networks  to  generate contours  for  the
detected/diagnosed brain tumors and export the results as DICOM-RT objects (using the RT
Structure Set ROI Contour attribute, RTSTRUCT) back to the network. The medical professionals
must finalize (confirm and modify) the contours produced by VBrain as necessary using an
external platform that supports RT DICOM viewing/editing, such as a treatment planning system.

5.6   Comparison with Predicate Devices


VBrain  is  substantially  equivalent  to  a  combination  of  the  primary  predicate  devices
AccuContour™ (K191928) and MIM - MRT Dosimetry (K182624).

The proposed device, VBrain, and the primary predicates, AccuContour™ (K191928) and
K182624 (MIM - MRT Dosimetry), are all software devices intended to be used in the workflow
of radiation therapy by providing tools of segmenting (contouring) of tumors and/or organs on
MRI and/or CT images. Both the proposed device and AccuContour™ (K191928) are AI-based
(deep learning) software regulated under the Product Code QKB (Radiological Image Processing
Software For Radiation Therapy). On the other hand, both the proposed device and K182624
(MIM - MRT Dosimetry) provide tools for tumor contouring. The only difference is that VBrain
uses deep learning (neural networks) to automatically generate tumor contours as a starting point
for user’s review and edit, while K182624 (MIM - MRT Dosimetry) provides a semi-automatic

                                            Section 5. Page 2 of 9

Vysioneer Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VBrain

tool (propagation tool) that requires user’s input to start the image segmentation (contouring)
process.

Although the proposed new device, VBrain, uses a data-driven deep learning-based algorithm for
contouring of known brain tumors, the primary predicate MIM - MRT Dosimetry (K182624) uses
a semi-automatic algorithm that requires user’s input to start the contouring process. The specific
design of the proposed device does not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness,
because the new device only provides initial object contours of known (diagnosed) brain tumors
for the medical professionals’ attention, which are meant for informational purposes only and not
intended for replacing their current standard practice of manual contouring process. Medical
professionals must use VBrain in conjunction with appropriate software to review and edit results
generated automatically by VBrain. In addition, VBrain does not alter the original MRI image, nor
does it intend to be used to detect tumors for diagnosis. The medical professionals must know the
tumor type when they use VBrain. Consequently, the new device does not change any medical
professionals’ workflow planning procedure and therefore does not raise different questions of
safety and effectiveness.

Please see Table 5-1 comparing the intended use and key technological characteristics of the
proposed device and the predicate devices.

                          Table 5-1. Comparison with the Predicate Devices.

                                          Xiamen Manteia
                                            MIM Software Inc.
     Company            Vysioneer Inc.        Technology LTD.
                                                                          (Primary)
                                                    (Primary)

     Device Name             VBrain           AccuContour™    MIM - MRT Dosimetry

     510k Number             Pending             K191928             K182624

     Regulation No.       21CFR 892.2050      21CFR 892.2050      21CFR 892.2050

      Classification                      II                              II                              II

     Product Code         QKB            QKB              LLZ

                                                                       It is used by radiation   MIM software is used by
                      VBrain is a software
                                              oncology department to   trained medical
                         device intended to assist
                                                          register multimodality    professionals as a tool to
                            trained medical
                                              images and segment      aid in evaluation and
                            professionals, during
                                                     (non-contrast) CT        information management
                              their clinical workflows
                                                 images, to generate       of digital medical
                          of radiation therapy
                                              needed information for   images. The medical
       Intended         treatment planning, by
                                                   treatment planning,      image modalities
 Use/Indication for Use  providing initial object
                                                   treatment evaluation and  include, but are not
                         contours of known
                                                   treatment adaptation.     limited to, CT, MRI, CR,
                         (diagnosed) brain tumors
                                          The product has two    DX, MG, US, SPECT,
                                    (i.e., the region of
                                            image process functions: PET and XA as
                               interest, ROI) on axial
                                                       (1) Deep learning        supported by
                    T1 contrast-enhanced
                                                   contouring: it can     ACR/NEMA DICOM
                           brain MRI images.
                                                   automatically contour     3.0.


                                            Section 5. Page 3 of 9

Vysioneer Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VBrain


                      VBrain uses an artificial  the organ-at-risk,
                            intelligence algorithm    including head and neck, MIM assists in the
                                    (i.e., deep learning        thorax, abdomen and     following indications:
                          neural networks) to       pelvis (for both male and  • Receive, transmit,
                         contour (segment) brain  female),                    store, retrieve,
                       tumor on MRI images     (2) Automatic             display, print, and
                            for trained medical        Registration, and         process medical
                           professionals’ attention,   (3) Manual Contour.     images and DICOM
                      which is meant for                                    objects.
                          informational purposes     It also has the following   • Create, display and
                         only and not intended     general functions:         print reports from
                            for replacing their         (1) Receive,             medical images.
                           current standard practice  add/edit/delete, transmit,  • Registration, fusion
                          of manual contouring     input/export, medical     display, and
                           process. VBrain does not images and DICOM      review of medical
                               alter the original MRI     data;                  images for diagnosis,
                        image, nor does it intend  (2) Patient management;  treatment evaluation,
                            to be used to detect       (3) Review of processed  and treatment planning.
                        tumors for diagnosis.     images;                      • Evaluation of cardiac
                      VBrain is intended only                                   left ventricular endfor generating Gross      (4) Open and Save of      diastolic volume,
                    Tumor Volume (GTV)     files.                      end-systolic volume, and
                         contours of brain                                     ejection
                           metastases,                                             fraction.
                       meningiomas, and                                        • Localization and
                           acoustic neuromas on                                definition of objects,
                            axial T1 contrast-                               such as tumors and
                       enhanced MRI images; it                        normal tissues in
                                 is not intended to be                             medical images.
                        used with images of                                      • Creation,
                           other brain tumors. The                             transformation, and
                          user must know the                                modification of contours
                       tumor type when they                                for applications
                         use VBrain. VBrain is                               including, but not
                         intended to be used on                              limited to, quantitative
                           adult patients only.                                    analysis, aiding adaptive
                       Medical professionals                               therapy, transferring
                      must finalize (confirm or                          contours to radiation
                        modify) the contours                              therapy treatment
                         generated by VBrain, as                           planning systems, and
                           necessary, using an                                archiving contours for
                           external platform                                     patient follow-up and
                           available at the facility                         management.
                             that supports DICOM-                                   • Quantitative and
                  RT viewing/editing                                       statistical analysis of
                           functions, such as image                    PET/SPECT brain scans
                            visualization software                         by comparing to other
                       and treatment planning                               registered PET/SPECT
                         system.                                            brain scans.

                                            Section 5. Page 4 of 9

Vysioneer Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VBrain


                                                                                            • Planning and
                                                                             evaluation of permanent
                                                                          implant brachytherapy
                                                                         procedures (not
                                                                             including
                                                                                radioactive
                                                                            microspheres).
                                                                                            • Calculating absorbed
                                                                                 radiation dose as a result
                                                                             of administering a
                                                                                radionuclide.

                                                      When using device
                                                                                           clinically, the user
                                                                        should only use FDA
                                                                     approved
                                                                             radiopharmaceuticals. If
                                                                          using with unapproved
                                                                             ones, this device should
                                                                        only be used for research
                                                                            purposes.

                                                                   Lossy compressed
                                                              mammographic images
                                                                   and digitized film screen
                                                                    images must not be
                                                                      reviewed for
                                                                       primary image
                                                                                     interpretations.
                                                                   Images that are printed
                                                                                   to film must be printed
                                                                          using an FDA-approved
                                                                                    printer for the diagnosis
                                                                             of digital mammography
                                                                         images.

                                                            Mammographic images
                                                                  must be viewed on a
                                                                              display system that has
                                                                    been cleared by the FDA
                                                                                   for the diagnosis of
                                                                                        digital mammography
                                                                         images. The software is
                                                                           not to be used for
                                                          mammography CAD.

     Segmentation                                                        Atlas-based algorithm
     (Contouring)     Deep learning         Deep learning          and propagation tools
      Technology                                                             (requiring user’s input to


                                            Section 5. Page 5 of 9

Vysioneer Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VBrain


                                                                                              start the image
                                                                         segmentation process)

                                                                         Microsoft Windows and
   Operating System    Linux operating system   Microsoft Windows     Apple macOS operating
                                                                       systems

                         Trained medical
                           professionals including,
                          but not limited to,
                             radiologists, oncologists,  It is used by radiation    Trained medical
    User Population
                           physicians, medical      oncology department.     professionals
                            technologists,
                            dosimetrists, and
                             physicists.

                                               Segmentation Features:   CT, MRI, CR, DX, MG,
                                               Non-Contrast CT       US, SPECT, PET and
                         Axial T1 contrastSupported Modalities                               XA as supported by
                       enhanced MRI images
                                                     Registration Features:   ACR/NEMA DICOM
                                             CT, MRI, PET             3.0.

                          Qualified brain tumors -  Organ-at-risk, including
    Localization and
                           brain metastases,        head and neck, thorax,   Tumors and normal
  Definition of Objects
                       meningiomas, and      abdomen and pelvis (for  tissues
        (ROI)
                           acoustic neuromas       both male and female)

                     To support the intended   Segmentation       MIM Software Inc. has
                         use of the VBrain AI     performance test         conducted performance
                         software for brain tumor  The segmentation       and integration testing
                         contouring              performance test was    on MIM - MRT
                         (segmentation)          performed on proposed   Dosimetry software with
                         performance, Vysioneer   device and predicate     a comparison to a
                        conducted a             device to evaluate the    commercially available
                            retrospective, blinded,    automated segmentation  solution for internal
                            multicenter,              accuracy. Two separate   radionuclide dosimetry.
                           multinational study with  tests were performed.     Standard quality control
                           the VBrain software. The One test involved        phantoms, simulated
 Performance Testing &  test data sets consisted of images generated in     phantoms based on the
    Software V & V    116 cases acquired from  healthcare institutions in NEMA IEC Body
                      4 different institutions (3 China using scanner     Phantom, simulated
                 US and 1 non-US). Five  models available in      phantoms based on
                          metrics are evaluated: (1) China covering three      patient data, and clinical
                          lesion-wise sensitivity,   major vendors. The other patient data were used
                            (2) false-positive rate, (3) involved images          for verification testing.
                          lesion-wise Dice         generated in healthcare   All tests were performed
                             coefficient, (4) average    institutions in US using   using standard clinical
                        Hausdorff distance, and   scanner models available acquisition and
                            (5) average centroid       in US covering three      reconstruction protocols.
                           distance between        major vendors. The three The accuracy of planar
                                              major vendors were GE,  corrections for


                                            Section 5. Page 6 of 9

Vysioneer Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VBrain


                        VBrain’s segmentation   Siemens and Philips. For  attenuation, scatter, and
                       and clinicians’          each body parts, all      background were
                         segmentation. All the     intended organs were     verified in simulated
                          metrics were             included in images of the phantoms. The average
                        demonstrated to pass the US and China. Ground    errors were less than
                        performance goals.       truthing of each image   12% for all regions
                        Software verification    was generated from the   except for the smallest
                       and validation testing    consensus of at least      region (2.6 cm) with
                      were conducted, and      three licensed        21% error for Lu-177
                        documentation was       physicians. DICE       and 17% error for I-131
                         provided as                similarity coefficients    where the partial volume
                     recommended by FDA’s  (DSC) was used for       effect lowered accuracy
                       Guidance for Industry    evaluation. DSC values   as expected. In all cases,
                       and FDA Staff,         were calculated on two   the software passed its
                       “Guidance for the         sets of images for test    performance
                        Content of Premarket    group and control group,  requirements and met
                        Submissions for           respectively. According   specifications
                        Software Contained in    to the results, it could be  The accuracy of areaMedical Devices” for    concluded that the DSC   under-the curve (AUC)
                         software devices         of proposed device was   calculations were
                            identified as Major        non-inferiority compared verified for different
                        Level of Concern related  with that of the predicate  fitting options using
                            to radiation therapy       device.                  simulated data with
                          treatment planning.                                  differences less than
                                                     Registration           3.1% compared to
                                               performance test        manual AUC
                                          The registration           calculations which met
                                               performance test was     predefined acceptance
                                               performed on proposed    criteria when
                                                  device and predicate      considering the presence
                                                  device to evaluate the     of Poison noise in the
                                               automated registration   image data.
                                                    accuracy. Two separate   The accuracy of the
                                                             tests were performed.     generation of CT-derived
                                       One test involved         physical density maps
                                              images generated in     were verified in clinical
                                                    healthcare institutions in  patient data and
                                             China using scanner     compared to published
                                             models available in        results with less than 5%
                                             China covering three      difference for soft tissue
                                              major vendors. And the   regions and less than
                                            image registration      10% difference for bone
                                                      feature is tested on        regions. The difference
                                                  multi-modality image     for lung density fell
                                                          sets from same patients.  within the range of
                                          The other involved most  expected density values.
                                              images generated in
                                                    healthcare institutions in  The accuracy dose
                                                 U.S. All fixed image and  calculations using MIM

                                            Section 5. Page 7 of 9

Vysioneer Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VBrain


                                            most moving images       - MRT Dosimetry was
                                         came from U.S and a      verified in simulated
                                                  small amount of moving  phantoms and clinical
                                              images adopted from      patient data for I-131
                                                    online database were     and Lu-177. The
                                                       originally from non-US   acceptance criterion for
                                                     sources. All the scanner  MIM - MRT Dosimetry
                                             models covered three      is a difference of mean
                                              major vendors. And the   dose of smaller or equal
                                            image registration         to 20% in comparison to
                                                      feature is only tested on  a commercially available
                                                  multi-modality image     solution after correction
                                                          sets from different        of the standard phantoms
                                                          patients. Both tests        in the commercial
                                                covered various           solution to match the
                                                      modalities, including    mass of the patient data.
                                           CT/CT, CT/MR and      Additionally,
                                           CT/PET. The           comparison of the Voxel
                                              Normalized Mutual     S Value method in MIM
                                                  Information (NMI) was    - MRT Dosimetry to
                                               used for evaluation. NMI Local Deposition Model
                                                   values were calculated    values for Lu-177
                                           on two sets of images for showed a difference less
                                                both the proposed device than 1% for all organs
                                             and predicate device,      tested. In all cases the
                                                        respectively. The NMI    software demonstrated
                                                  value of proposed device acceptable agreement
                                          was compared with that  between the different
                                                    of the predicate device.   dose methods.
                                              According to the results,
                                                                              it could be concluded
                                                         that the NMI of
                                               proposed device was
                                                       non-inferiority compared
                                                 with that of the predicate
                                                     device.

5.7   Performance Data


Vysioneer conducted a retrospective, blinded, multicenter, multinational study with the proposed
device VBrain with the primary endpoint to evaluate the software’s performance on identifying
axial T1 contrast-enhanced MRI scans containing brain metastases, acoustic neuromas, or
meningiomas. The test dataset was an independent dataset consisting of 116 cases with 238
tumors acquired consecutively and retrospectively from 4 different institutions (3 US and 1 nonUS). The ground truth of each tumor contours was generated from the consensus of three
board-certified radiation oncologists. Five metrics are evaluated: (1) lesion-wise sensitivity, (2)
false-positive rate,


                                            Section 5. Page 8 of 9

Vysioneer Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VBrain

(3) lesion-wise Dice coefficient, (4) average Hausdorff distance, and (5) centroid distance between
VBrain’s segmentation and ground-truth segmentation. VBrain meets all performance goals.

Specifically, lesion-wise sensitivity of VBrain was observed to be 90.3% (95% CI: 86.1-93.7%)
and the  false-positive  rate was observed  to be 0.681 tumors/case (95% CI: 0.500-0.879)
tumors/case). In addition, segmentation performance was measured with the lesion-wise Dice
similarity coefficient (DSC) and average Hausdorff distance between VBrain’s segmentation and
ground-truth segmentation in terms of lesion size. They were observed to be lesion-wise DSC:
0.793 (95% CI: 0.775-0.811) and average Hausdorff distance in terms of lesion size: 5.0% (95%
CI: 4.4-5.6%). Centroid distance between VBrain’s segmentation and ground-truth segmentation
was measured in terms of lesion size and was observed to be 5.6% (95% CI: 5.0-6.2%).


5.8   Software Verification and Validation


Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provided as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices” for software devices
identified as Major Level of Concern related to radiation therapy treatment planning.

5.9   Conclusion


In conclusion, Vysioneer Inc. has conducted performance testing on VBrain. In all the cases, the
software passed its requirements for safety and effectiveness and does not introduce any new
potential safety risks. It demonstrates that VBrain is substantially equivalent to and performs at
least as safely and effectively as the listed predicate devices.


                                            Section 5. Page 9 of 9