April 6, 2022
ClariPi Inc.
℅ Harry Park
President
ClariPi Detroit Office
1645 Park Creek Ct. Rochester Hills
DETROIT MI 48309


Re: K203783
    Trade/Device Name: ClariPulmo
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: March 31, 2022
    Received: March 31, 2022

Dear Mr. Park:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K203783 - Harry Park                                                                 Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                                                                               Digitally signed by
                                                                       Laurel M. Burk -S
                                                                     Date: 2022.04.06
                                                                      12:29:11 -04'00'
                                             Laurel Burk, Ph.D
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-ray Systems Team
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                                                                            See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K203783

Device Name
ClariPulno


Indications for Use (Describe)
ClariPulmo is a non-invasive image analysis software for use with CT images which is
intended to support the quantification of lung CT images. The software is designed to support the physician in the
diagnosis and documentation of pulmonary tissue images (e.g., abnormalities) from the CT thoracic datasets. (The
software is not intended for the diagnosis of pneumonia or COVID-19). The software provides automated segmentation of
the lungs and quantification oflow-attenuation and high-attenuation areas within the segmented lungs by using predefined
Hounsfield unit thresholds. The software displays by color the segmented lungs and analysis results. ClariPulmo provides
optional denoising and kernel normalization functions for improved quantification of lung CT images in cases when CT
images were taken at low-dose conditions or with sharp reconstruction kernels.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)     E  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                         CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                         Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

FORM FDA 3881 (7117)                             Page 1 of 1                                                      PSC PubhsAing Servics (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary


This 510(k) Summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of as required by section 807.92(c).

I.  SUBMITTER
    ClariPi Inc.
   2F~4F, 11, Ihwajang-1 gil, Jongno-gu
    Seoul, Republic of Korea [03088]

    Tel: +82-2-741-3014
    Fax: +82-2-743-3014
    Email: claripi@claripi.com

   Contact person: Mr. Harry Park, ClariPi USA
   Date Prepared: April 6, 2022

II. DEVICE
   Device Name: ClariPulmo
  Common or Usual Name: Radiological Image Processing Software
   Regulation Name: “Medical Image Management and Processing System”
   Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
   Regulatory Class: II
   K-Number: K203783
   Product Code: LLZ

III. PREDICATE DEVICE
   The following table shows the predicate devices of the proposed ClariPulmo:

      Device Classification    System, Image processing, Radiological
    Name                (Predicate device)
      510(k) Number        K103480
      Device Name        THORACIC VCAR

      Applicant          GE MEDICAL SYSTEMS, LLC
                          3000 N GRANDVIEW
                         Waukesha, WI 53188, USA
      Regulation Number     892.2050
       Classification Product   LLZ
     Code
     Date Received          11/26/2010
      Decision Date          03/07/2011
     510k Review Panel      Radiology


   The proposed ClariPulmo and its predicate devices, THORACIC VCAR (K103480) is substantially
    equivalent regarding its intended use, clinical indications, and principle of operation.

    Further to the predicate device, ClariPi has identified the following currently marketed devices as
    reference devices of proposed ClariPulmo:


                                                                                                     1

510(k) Summary


     Device          System, X-Ray,      System, X-Ray,      System, Image
      Classification    Tomography,        Tomography,         processing,
    Name          Computed          Computed            Radiological
                      (Reference           (Reference                                                               (Reference
                      Device)              Device)
                                                                 Device)
      510(k) Number   K141069           K200990           K183460

     Device Name    Imbio CT Lung        VIDA|vision           ClariCT.AI
                       Density Analysis       (formerly VIDA
                      Software            Pulmonary
                                            Workstation 2
                                        (PW2))
      Applicant       IMBIO LLC         VIDA Diagnostics,     ClariPi Inc.
                    227 COLFAX AVE     Inc. 500 Crosspark    3F, 70-15,
                  NSUITE 144         Rd. W250             Ihwajang-gil,
                                           BioVentures Center   Jongno-gu, Seoul,                       Minneapolis, MN 5
                                                     Coralville, IA 52241   Republic of Korea                    5405 USA
                               USA                 [03088]
      Regulation      892.1750            892.1750            892.2050
     Number
      Classification    JAK              JAK               LLZ
     Product Code

     Date Received   04/24/2014          04/15/2020          12/13/2018
      Decision Date    09/17/2014          08/07/2020          06/13/2019
      Decision          Substantially          Substantially          Substantially
                       Equivalent (SE)       Equivalent (SE)       Equivalent (SE)

      Regulation       Radiology            Radiology            Radiology
     Medical
      Specialty


   The Imbio CT Lung Density Analysis Software (K141069), VIDA|vision (formerly VIDA Pulmonary
    Workstation 2 (PW2)) (K200990) and ClariCT.AI (K183460) are reference devices for additional
    technologies and support the addition application functionalities and enhanced capabilities.


IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

       ClariPulmo is a standalone software application analyzing lung CT images that can be used to
       support the physician in the quantification of lung CT image when examining pulmonary tissues.


      ClariPulmo provides two main and optional functions:
      ⚫  LAA Analysis provides quantitative measurement of pulmonary tissue image with low
             attenuation areas (LAA). LAA are measured by counting those voxels with low attenuation
            values under the user-predefined thresholds within the segmented lungs. This feature
            supports the physician in quantifying lung tissue image with low attenuation area.

      ⚫  HAA Analysis provides quantitative measurement of pulmonary tissue image with high
             attenuation areas (HAA). HAA are measured by counting those voxels with high attenuation


                                                                                                     2

510(k) Summary


            values using the user-predefined thresholds within the segmented lungs. This feature
            supports the physician in quantifying lung tissue image with high attenuation area.

      ⚫  Lungs are automatically segmented using a pre-trained deep learning model.

      ⚫  The optional Kernel Normalization function provides an image-to-image translation from a
            sharp kernel image to a smooth kernel image for improved quantification of lung CT images.
          The Kernel Normalization algorithm was constructed based on the U-Net architecture.

      ⚫  The optional Denoising function provides an image-to-image translation from a noisy lowdose image to a noise-reduced enhanced quality image of LDCT for improved quantification
              of lung LDCT images. The Denoising algorithm was constructed based on the U-Net
              architecture.

      The ClariPulmo software provides summary reports for measurement results that contains color
        overlay images for the lungs tissues as well as table and charts displaying analysis results.


V. INDICATIONS FOR USE
         ClariPulmo is a non-invasive image analysis software for use with CT images which is
         intended to support the quantification of lung CT images. The software is designed to support
         the physician in the diagnosis and documentation of pulmonary tissue images (e.g.,
          abnormalities) from the CT thoracic datasets. (The software is not intended for the diagnosis of
        pneumonia or COVID-19). The software provides automated segmentation of the lungs and
          quantification of low-attenuation and high-attenuation areas within the segmented lungs by
         using predefined Hounsfield unit thresholds. The software displays by color the segmented
         lungs and analysis results. ClariPulmo provides optional denoising and kernel normalization
          functions for improved quantification of lung CT images in cases when CT images were taken
          at low-dose conditions or with sharp reconstruction kernels.

           Subject Device (K203783)                        Predicate Device (103480)
           ClariPulmo is a non-invasive image analysis       Thoracic VCAR is a CT, non-invasive
           software for use with CT images which is         image analysis software package,
           intended to support the quantification of lung CT   which may be used in conjunction with
           images. The software is designed to support the  CT lung images to aid in the
           physician in the diagnosis and documentation of   assessment of thoracic disease
          pulmonary tissue images (e.g., abnormalities)      diagnosis and management. The
           from the CT thoracic datasets. (The software is     software will provide automatic
           not intended for the diagnosis of pneumonia or     segmentation of the lungs and
          COVID-19). The software provides automated     automatic segmentation and tracking of
           segmentation of the lungs and quantification of     the airway tree. The software will
            low-attenuation and high-attenuation areas        provide quantification of Hounsfield
            within the segmented lungs by using predefined    units and display by color the
           Hounsfield unit thresholds. The software           thresholds within a segmented region.
            displays by color the segmented lungs and
            analysis results. ClariPulmo provides optional
           denoising and kernel normalization functions for
          improved   quantification of lung CT images in
          cases when CT images were taken at low-dose
            conditions or with sharp reconstruction kernels.


                                                                                                     3

510(k) Summary


VI. INTENDED POPULATION

       The device is intended for adult patients receiving lung CT.


VII. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE TABLE

           Feature                  ClariPulmo   Thoracic     Imbio CT       VIDA|vision     ClariCT.AI
                                       (Subject    VCAR      Lung Density   (formerly VIDA  K183460
                                     Device)     K103480     Analysis       Pulmonary      (Reference
                                                     (Predicate    Software       Workstation 2   Device)
                                                  Device)     K141069      (PW2))
                                                             (Reference    K200990
                                                               Device)        (Reference
                                                                              Device)
           Algorithm              Deep       unknown    Image post-    Self-contained  Deep
                                        learning                   processing    image           learning
                                                                  algorithm       analysis
            Modality             CT       CT       CT         CT          CT


          Type of scan              Thoracic     Thoracic     Thoracic CT    Thoracic CT    Head,
                           CT       CT                                               heart, chest
                                                                                  and
                                                                            abdomen
                                                                    CT
        DICOM standard        Yes        Yes        Yes          Yes          Yes


           Automatic segmentation   Yes        Yes        Yes          Yes           Not relevant
             of both the left and right
           lungs and airways
          Lung volume analysis     Yes        Yes        Yes          Yes           Not relevant
            support: Both, Left, and
            Right Lungs
         Low attenuation analysis  Yes        Yes        Yes          Yes           Not relevant
                                Lung       Lung       Lung density   Lung density
                                       density       density        result            result
                                           result          result         quantification   quantification
                                            quantificati    quantificati   with HU        with HU
                                on with HU   on with HU   density         density range,
                                       density       density       range,        volume
                                      range,       range,      volume       measurement,
                                 volume      volume      measurement  lung density
                              measurem   measurem      , lung density   index and
                                           ent, lung     ent          index and     Perc15
                                       density                 PercX (where  measurement
                                     index and                   ”X”
                                  Perc15                   corresponds
                              measurem                   to the desired
                                      ent                           percentile)
                                                                   calculated in
                                                                  the
                                                                        Inspiration
                                                        Assessment
                                                                        only.


                                                                                                     4

510(k) Summary


           High attenuation analysis  Yes        Yes         Not          unknown       Not relevant
                                Lung       Lung        supported
                                       density       density
                                           result          result
                                            quantificati    quantificati
                                on with HU   on with HU
                                       density       density
                                   range and    range and
                                 volume      volume
                              measurem   measurem
                                      ent based    ent based
                                on selected  on selected
                         HU ranges  HU ranges
                                        set by user   set by user
            Adjustable density       Yes        Yes         Not          Yes           Not relevant
            thresholds for refining                               supported
          and optimizing HU range

           Viewer displays lung      Yes        Yes        Yes          Yes           Not relevant
            density in color
           according to Hounsfield
            Unit (HU) range.

           Viewer displays density   Yes        Unknown    Yes          Yes           Not relevant
           graph/histogram of the
             classified lung voxels’
             relative frequencies

           Report includes overlay   Yes        Unknown    Yes          Yes           Not relevant
             of density quantification
             results and density graph
           histogram
          Low-dose CT support     Yes         Not        Yes          Yes          Yes
                                                 supported


VIII. PERFORMANCE TESTING
    Non-clinical performance testing has been performed on ClariPulmo (the subject device) to support
    the safety and effectiveness of the features including the HAA and LAA analysis, AI-based lung
   segmentation, AI-based kernel normalization and denoising.
   The HAA analysis showed excellent agreement (PCC: 0.980 – 0.983) with expert-established
   segmentations of user-defined high attenuation areas. The test dataset used for manual vs
   threshold-based segmentations included patients with pneumonia and COVID-19.
   The LAA analysis showed excellent agreement (PCC: 0.99) with expert-established segmentations of
    user-defined low attenuation areas. The test dataset used for manual vs threshold-based
   segmentations included both health and diseased patients.
   The AI-based lung segmentation demonstrated excellent agreements with that by expert radiologist’s
   imageJ based segmentation for one internal and two external datasets showing PCC of 0.977~0.992
   and DICE coefficients of 0.98~0.99 with statistical significance across normal/LAA/HAA patients, CT
   scanner, reconstructed kernel and low-dose subgroups . The submitted performance testing data
   demonstrates compliance with the following International and FDA-recognized consensus standards
   and FDA guidance document:

      •  ISO 14971 Medical devices – Application of risk management to medical devices.


                                                                                                     5

510(k) Summary


      •  NEMA-PS 3.1- PS 3.20 Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM).
      •  Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical
         Devices issued May 11, 2005.
      •  Design Considerations and Pre-market Submission Recommendations for Interoperable
         Medical Devices issued September 6, 2017.
      •  The subject device, was tested in accordance with the internal Verification and Validation
         processes of ClariPi Inc. Verification and Validation tests have been performed to address
         intended use, the technological characteristics claims, requirement specifications, and the risk
        management results.

   The test results in this 510(k), demonstrate that ClariPulmo:
      •  complies with the aforementioned international and FDA-recognized consensus standards and
      •  FDA guidance document, and
      •  meets the acceptance criteria and is adequate for its intended use.

    Therefore, ClariPulmo, is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed predicate device, in terms
    of safety and effectiveness.

    Clinical Testing:
   ClariPulmo does not require clinical studies to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the predicate
    device.


IX. CONCLUSIONS
       Verification and Validation activities required to establish the safety and effectiveness of
      ClariPulmo were performed. Testing involved system level tests, performance tests, and safety
      testing from risk analysis. Testing performed, demonstrated the subject device meets pre-defined
       functionality requirements.

     The subject device and predicate device are substantially equivalent in the areas of technical
       characteristics, general function, application, and intended use does not raise any new potential
       risks and is equivalent in performance to existing legally marketed devices. Nonclinical tests
     demonstrate that the subject device is as safe and effective and therefore substantially equivalent
      to the predicate device.


                                                                                                     6