iCAD Inc.                                                        March 12, 2021
  Heather Reed
Vice President Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs
98 Spit Brook Road, Suite 100
NASHUA NH 03062

Re: K203822
    Trade/Device Name: ProFound AI® Software V3.0
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2090
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer assisted detection and diagnosis software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QDQ
    Dated: February 16, 2021
    Received: February 22, 2021

Dear Heather Reed:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K203822 - Heather Reed                                                               Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K203822
Device Name
ProFound AI® Software V3.0
Indications for Use (Describe)
ProFound AI® V3.0 is a computer-assisted detection and diagnosis (CAD) software device intended to be used
concurrently by interpreting physicians while reading digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT) exams from compatible DBT
systems. The system detects soft tissue densities (masses, architectural distortions and asymmetries) and calcifications in
the 3D DBT slices. The detections and Certainty of Finding and Case Scores assist interpreting physicians in identifying
soft tissue densities and calcifications that may be confirmed or dismissed by the interpreting Physician
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510k Summary  K203822

Date Prepared: February 16, 2021

Submitter:
iCAD, Inc.
98 Spit Brook Road
Suite 100
Nashua, NH 03062

Contact Person:
Heather Reed
Vice President, Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs
Email: hreed@icadmed.com
Phone: (603) 309-1945
Fax: (603) 880-3043

Device Name:
Trade Name:        ProFound AI® Software V3.0
Common Name:     Medical Imaging Software
Classification:        Radiological Computer Assisted Detection and Diagnosis Software
Product Code:     QDQ
Regulation Number:  21 CFR 892.2090
Review Panel:       Radiology

Predicate Device:
510k Number:      K191994
Manufacturer:      iCAD, Inc.
Device Name:       ProFound AI® V2.1

Device Description
The ProFound AI® V3.0 device detects malignant soft-tissue densities and calcifications in digital breast
tomosynthesis (DBT) images. The ProFound AI V3.0 software allows an interpreting physician to
quickly identify suspicious soft tissue densities and calcifications by marking the detected areas in the
tomosynthesis images. When the ProFound AI V3.0 marks are displayed by a user, the marks will
appear as overlays on the tomosynthesis images. Each detected finding will also be assigned a “score”
that corresponds to the ProFound AI V3.0 algorithm’s confidence that the detected finding is a cancer
(Certainty of Finding). Certainty of Finding scores are a percentage in range of 0% to 100% to indicate
CAD’s confidence that the finding is malignant. ProFound AI V3.0 also assigns a score to each case
(Case Score) as a percentage in range of 0% to 100% to indicate CAD’s confidence that the case has
malignant findings. The higher the Certainty of Finding or Case Score, the higher the confidence that the
detected finding is a cancer or that the case has malignant findings.


                                                             98 Spit Brook Road, Suite 100 Nashua, NH 03062
                                                phone: 603.882.5200   toll free: 866.280.2239   fax: 603.218.6658
                                                                                 www.icadmed.com

Technical Characteristics:
Lesion Detection
ProFound AI V3.0  software  detects  soft  tissue  densities  (masses,  architectural  distortions and
asymmetries) and calcifications in the 3D digital breast tomosynthesis images. The ProFound AI
algorithm uses deep learning technology to process feature computations and uses pattern recognition to
identify suspicious breast lesions appearing as soft tissue densities or clusters of calcifications. Each
detected region in the tomosynthesis data is identified or represented by marking the contour of the
lesion in the tomosynthesis slice where it was detected.
Certainty of Finding Scores

Certainty of Finding scores are relative scores assigned to each detected region and a
Case Score is assigned to each case regardless of the number of detected regions.
Certainty of Finding and Case Scores are computed by the ProFound AI algorithm and
represent the algorithm’s confidence that a specific finding or case is malignant. The
scores are represented on a 0% to 100% scale. Higher scores represent a higher
algorithm confidence that a finding or case is malignant. Lower scores represent a lower
algorithm confidence that a finding or case is malignant. The scores are based on a
population with 50% prevalence of cancer and should be interpreted as the probability of
the finding or case correctly being identified as malignant in a population of 50%
cancers and 50% non-cancers. The scores serve as a guide to interpreting physicians to
aid in determining if a suspicious finding or case needs further work-up. These scores
are not intended to be the clinically used “probability of malignancy”. Certainty of
Finding and Case Scores are not calibrated to the prevalence in the intended use
population or to the prevalence in the pivotal reader study outlined in the Assessment of
Non-Clinical Performance Data section, and consequently, the Certainty of Finding and
Case Scores are in general higher than the actual probability of malignancy in an
intended use population with less than 50% prevalence. These scores represent a relative
level of concern or level of suspicion because they do not represent an absolute clinical
probability of malignancy.
Case Score
Each tomosynthesis study is assigned a Case Score. Case Scores are the CAD algorithm’s confidence
that a study contains a malignant finding. Case Scores are represented on a 0%-100% scale. Higher Case
Scores represent a higher confidence that the case contains a malignant finding. Lower Case Scores
represent a lower confidence that the case contains a malignant finding.
Supported Digital Breast Tomosynthesis Systems
The following Digital Breast Tomosynthesis systems have been tested and are compatible with
ProFound AI V3.0 software:

•  Hologic Selenia Dimensions/ 3Dimensions (Standard Resolution)
•  GE Senographe Essential with SenoClaire
•  GE Senographe Pristina
•  Siemens Inspiration both Standard and Empire Reconstruction

•  Siemens Revelation both Standard and Empire Reconstruction

Intended Use / “Indications for Use”
ProFound AI® V3.0 is a computer-assisted detection and diagnosis (CAD) software device intended to
be used concurrently by interpreting physicians while reading digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT) exams
from compatible DBT systems. The system detects soft tissue densities (masses, architectural distortions
and asymmetries) and calcifications in the 3D DBT slices. The detections and Certainty of Finding and
Case Scores assist interpreting physicians in identifying soft tissue densities and calcifications that may
be confirmed or dismissed by the interpreting Physician.

Comparison with Predicate Device:


                      UNMODIFIED Device        MODIFIED Device
                         ProFound™ AI V2.1          ProFound™ AI V3.0

Manufacturer                iCAD, Inc.                    iCAD, Inc.

Classification Name              Radiological Computer Assisted    Radiological Computer Assisted
                                  Detection and Diagnosis Software   Detection and Diagnosis Software

Regulation Number            21 CFR 892.2090               21 CFR 892.2090

Product Code            QDQ                  QDQ

510(k) #                     K191994                        Pending

Intended Use / Indication for    ProFound™ AI V2.1 is a          ProFound AI® V3.0 is a
Use                               computer-assisted detection and     computer-assisted detection and
                                   diagnosis (CAD) software device    diagnosis (CAD) software device
                                  intended to be used concurrently    intended to be used concurrently
                             by interpreting physicians while    by interpreting physicians while
                                  reading digital breast               reading digital breast
                                 tomosynthesis (DBT) exams from   tomosynthesis (DBT) exams from
                                 compatible DBT systems. The      compatible DBT systems. The
                                system detects soft tissue          system detects soft tissue
                                     densities (masses, architectural      densities (masses, architectural
                                      distortions and asymmetries) and    distortions and asymmetries) and
                                      calcifications in the 3D DBT         calcifications in the 3D DBT
                                         slices. The detections and             slices. The detections and
                                   Certainty of Finding and Case       Certainty of Finding and Case
                                 Scores assist interpreting           Scores assist interpreting
                                  physicians in identifying soft        physicians in identifying soft
                                      tissue densities and calcifications    tissue densities and calcifications
                                       that may be confirmed or             that may be confirmed or
                                 dismissed by the interpreting        dismissed by the interpreting
                                   Physician.                          Physician.

End User                         Radiologists                        Radiologists

Patient Population              Symptomatic and asymptomatic    Symptomatic and asymptomatic
                         women                    women
                                undergoing mammography.        undergoing mammography.

UNMODIFIED Device        MODIFIED Device
                         ProFound™ AI V2.1          ProFound™ AI V3.0

Mode of Action                Image processing device intended   Image processing device intended
                                     to aid in the detection,               to aid in the detection,
                                      localization, and characterization    localization, and characterization
                                   of soft tissue densities (masses,      of soft tissue densities (masses,
                                      architectural distortions              architectural distortions
                              and asymmetries) and             and asymmetries) and
                                      calcifications in the 3D DBT         calcifications in the 3D DBT
                                         slices.                                   slices.

Image Source Modalities          Digital breast tomosynthesis         Digital breast tomosynthesis
                                       slices                                  slices

Output Device                  Softcopy Workstation             Softcopy Workstation

Deployment                     Standalone computer              Standalone computer

Supported Digital Breast        ProFound AI V2 Software:         Profound AI V3.0 Software:
Tomosynthesis Systems                                •  Hologic Selenia                •  Hologic Selenia
                                 Dimensions/3Dimensions          Dimensions/3Dimensions
                                • GE Senographe Esssential       • GE Senographe Esssential
                                   with SenoClaire                   with SenoClaire
                                • GE Senographe Pristina         • GE Senographe Pristina
                             ProFound AI V2.1 Software:       ProFound AI V2.1 Software:
                                •   Siemens Inspiration both       •   Siemens Inspiration both
                                     Standard and Empire              Standard and Empire
                                      Reconstruction                    Reconstruction
                                •   Siemens Revelation both       •   Siemens Revelation both
                                     Standard and Empire              Standard and Empire
                                      Reconstruction                    Reconstruction


Summary of Indications for Use:
The “Indications for Use” remain unchanged from the Predicate UNMODIFIED Device
ProFound AI V2.1.

Summary of Technological Characteristic
The technological characteristics of Modified Device, ProFound AI V3.0 remain unchanged from Unmodified
Device ProFound AI V2.1 as the predicate. Per 21 CFR 892.2090, both devices are radiological computer
assisted detection and diagnostic software intended to aid in the detection, localization, and characterization of
disease specific findings on acquired medical images. The outputs of both devices serve as a secondary or
concurrent read and not a primary read. The output is used to inform the interpreting physician (who
themselves make the primary diagnostic and patient management decisions) and will not replace the clinical
expertise and judgment of the clinical user.

The difference in technological characteristics of ProFound AI V3.0 and the predicate device are
software improvements leading to improved specificity for GE and Hologic modalities. These changes
do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness.

General Safety and Effectiveness Concerns
The device labeling contains instructions for use and any necessary cautions and warnings to
provide for safe and effective use of this device. Risk management is ensured via a risk analysis which is used
to identify and mitigate potential hazards. Any potential hazards are controlled via software development,
verification and validation testing. In addition, general controls of the FD&C Act, and special controls
established for Radiological Computer Assisted Detection and Diagnosis Software are in place to further
mitigate any safety and or effectiveness risks.

Assessment of Non-Clinical Performance Data
ProFound AI V3.0 has been verified and validated according to iCAD’s design control processes. All
supporting documentation has been included in this 510(k) Premarket Notification. Verification activity
included unit, integration, and regression testing was performed. Lastly, ProFound AI V3.0 is deployed on a
DICOM platform that has been successfully tested for clinical network integration.

Hologic DBT Non-clinical Validation Testing:
ProFound AI V3.0 Hologic Supplemental Standalone Study compared performance of ProFound AI V3.0
with Hologic DBT images to the baseline performance of ProFound AI V2 with Hologic DBT images in
terms of case  sensitivity, FP rate per 3D volume and Area Under the localized Receiver Operating
Characteristic (ROC) Curve (AUC).

The conclusion of non-inferiority of the standalone performance of ProFound AI V3.0 with a Hologic DBT
screening population compared to the baseline performance of ProFound AI V2 with a Hologic DBT
screening population is that the claims established in the original Pivotal Reader Study described in 0074-
6003, PowerLook® Tomo Detection V2 Pivotal Reader Study Clinical Study Report (CSR) (K182373) also
apply to ProFound AI V3.0 with Hologic DBT.

A paired comparison assessed the performance of ProFound AI V3.0 on Hologic DBT images to the
performance of ProFound AI V2.0 on the same set of Hologic DBT images and demonstrated a significant
increase in specificity from V2.0 to V3.0.

GE DBT Non-clinical Validation Testing:
ProFound AI V3.0 GE Supplemental Standalone Study compared performance of ProFound AI V3.0 with GE
DBT images to the baseline performance of ProFound AI V2 with Hologic DBT images in terms of case
sensitivity, FP rate per 3D volume and AUC.

The conclusion of non-inferiority of the standalone performance of ProFound AI V3.0 with a GE DBT
screening population compared to the baseline performance of ProFound AI V2 with a Hologic DBT
screening population is that the claims established in the original Pivotal Reader Study described in 0074-
6003, PowerLook® Tomo Detection V2 Pivotal Reader Study Clinical Study Report (CSR) (K182373) also
apply to ProFound AI V3.0 with GE DBT.

A paired comparison assessed the performance of ProFound AI V3.0 on GE DBT images to the performance
of ProFound AI V2.0 on the same set of GE DBT images and demonstrated a significant increase in
specificity from V2.0 to V3.0.

Conclusion:
Based upon the information presented in this submission, it is concluded that ProFound AI V3.0 is
substantially equivalent to the named predicate device.