QUIBIM S.L.                                                      February 4, 2021
℅ John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 13th Street, NW
WASHINGTON DC 20005

Re: K203582
    Trade/Device Name: qp-Prostate
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: December 7, 2020
    Received: December 7, 2020

Dear Dr. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K203582 - John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.                                                      Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                        Food and Drug Administration                                 Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                Indications for Use                       See PRA Statement below

510(k) Number  (if known)
  K203582

Device Name

qp-Prostate

Indications for Use (Describe)

qp-Prostate is an image processing software package to be used by trained professionals, including radiologists
specialized  in prostate imaging,  urologists and oncologists.  The software runs on a standard "off-the-shelf"
workstation and can be used to perform image viewing, processing and analysis of prostate MR images. Data and
images are acquired through DICOM compliant imaging devices and modalities. Patient management decisions
should not be based solely on the results of qp-Prostate. qp-Prostate does not perform a diagnostic function, but
instead allows the users to visualize and analyze DICOM data.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                       Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)            Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                       CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                    This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including
          the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and
         complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
          other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                     Department of Health and Human
                                          Services Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                     Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

            “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                               information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                              Page 1 of 1                                          PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

                                              53

                                                                              053

510(k) SUMMARY

                               QUIBIM’s qp-Prostate

                                     K203582

CONTACT DETAILS

Submitter

QUIBIM, S.L.

Avenida Aragón 30, 12th floor, Office I, 46021 Valencia (Spain)

Phone:

    •  +34 961 243 225
    •  +34 686 784 484

Contact Person:

    •  Ángel Alberich Bayarri, CEO and Founder of QUIBIM (angel@quibim.com)

    •  Belén Fos Guarinos, Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs Manager
       (belenfos@quibim.com)

Date Prepared:

January 28, 2021

DEVICE INFORMATION

Name of Device: qp-Prostate

Common or Usual Name: PACS

Classification Name: 892.2050 Picture archiving and communications system (LLZ)

Regulatory Class: Class II

Classification Panel: Radiology

LEGALLY MARKETED PREDICATE DEVICE

           •   Manufacturer’s name: OLEA Medical (93 avenue des Sorbiers, Zone Athelia IV La
                Ciotat 13600, France)
           •   Device’s trade name: Olea Sphere v3.0
           •   510(k) number: K152602
           •  Product code: LLZ

INTENDED USE / INDICATIONS FOR USE

       qp-Prostate is an image processing software package to be used by trained professionals,
        including radiologists specialized in prostate imaging, urologists and oncologists.  The
       software runs on a standard "off-the-shelf" workstation and can be used to perform image
        viewing, processing and analysis of prostate MR images. Data and images are acquired
       through DICOM compliant imaging devices and modalities. Patient management decisions
       should not be based solely on the results of qp-Prostate. qp-Prostate does not perform a
       diagnostic function, but instead allows the users to visualize and analyze DICOM data.

DEVICE DESCRIPTION

       qp-Prostate is a medical image viewing, processing and analyzing software package for use
      by a trained user or healthcare professional, including radiologists specialized in prostate
       imaging, urologists and oncologists. These prostate MR images, when interpreted by a
        trained physician, may yield clinically useful information.

       qp-Prostate consists of a modular platform based on a plug-in software architecture.
       Apparent Diffusion Coefficient (ADC) post-processing and Perfusion – Pharmacokinetics
       post-processing (PKM) are embedded into the platform as plug-ins to allow prostate imaging
        quantitative analysis.

      The platform runs as a client-server model that requires a high-performance computer
        installed by QUIBIM inside the hospital or medical clinic network. The server communicates
        with the Picture Archiving and Communication System (PACS) through DICOM protocol. qpProstate is accessible through the web browser (Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox) of any
       standard “off-the-shelf” computer connected to the hospital/center network.

      The main features of the software are:

                 1. Query/Retrieve interaction with PACS;
                 2. Apparent Diffusion Coefficient (ADC) post-processing (MR imaging);
                 3. Perfusion – Pharmacokinetics (PKM) post-processing (MR imaging);
                 4. DICOM viewer; and
                 5. Structured reporting.

      The  software provides MR imaging analysis plug-ins to objectively measure  different
        functional properties in prostate images:


        1) The software can communicate with any Picture Archiving Communications System (PACS)
       through the DICOM standard. This communication includes standard Query/Retrieve DICOM
       operations in order to receive prostate MR image studies in qp-Prostate. Once the complete
       prostate MR study has been received, qp-Prostate will check the available sequences. For a
       successful launch of qp-Prostate, the study must include at least:

                -the T2-weighted MR sequence and the Diffusion Weighted Imaging (DWI) or
                -the T2-weighted MR sequence and the Dynamic Contrast Enhanced (DCE) or

-the T2-weighted MR sequence, the DWI and the DCE.

        2) If the DWI sequence is available and it complies with the required acquisition protocol, the
       Diffusion ADC analysis will be launched. Imaging processing steps, such as spatial smoothing
      and motion correction between the different b-values are proposed before applying the monoexponential model for ADC calculation. The Diffusion-ADC post-processing and analysis
       plugin for prostate MR imaging calculates a parameter related  to the degree of water
       molecules mobility in tissues. The Apparent Diffusion Coefficient (ADC)[s/mm2] is given in
       order to evaluate the diffusion signal decay in regions. The ADC is calculated by applying the
       mono-exponential model of the diffusion signal, assessing the signal attenuation that occurs
        at least at two different b values. The final result of the DWI workflow includes ADC parametric
      maps, which represent the ADC value for each voxel of the image.

        3) If the DCE sequence is available and it complies with the required acquisition protocol, the
       Perfusion analysis will be launched. Imaging processing steps, such as spatial smoothing,
       motion correction and Arterial Input Function (AIF) selection are proposed before applying the
       standard Tofts model with one input and two compartments for K trans, kep and ve calculation.
      The Perfusion – Pharmacokinetics post-processing and analysis plugin for prostate MR
       imaging calculates parameters related to the vascular environment of the tissue, which are
      based on the quantitative pharmacokinetic assessment of Dynamic Co ntrast-Enhanced
       Magnetic Resonance Images (DCE-MRI). The transfer constant (Ktrans)[min-1], extraction rate
         (kep) [min-1] and extra-vascular and extra-cellular volume (ve) [%] are given in order to evaluate
       the leakage of injected contrast media from intra-vascular to interstitial space. The final results
        of the DCE workflow include Ktrans, kep and ve parametric maps, which represent perfusion for
      each voxel of the image.

        4) The software includes a DICOM viewer to improve the review process of a single study
      and  its  related image sequences. The  viewer  has  basic image  manipulation and
       segmentation capabilities and advanced segmentation ones for prostate.

        5) The software includes a Structured Reporting option for filling a standard PI-RADS® v2.1
       template [Prostate Imaging Reporting and Data System Version 2.1: 2019 Update of Prostate
       Imaging Reporting and Data System Version 2. American College of Radiology].

       qp-Prostate does not perform a diagnostic function, but instead allows the radiologist to
        visualize and analyze DICOM data with the possibility of verifying the quality and editing the
       output of each step of the process.


COMPARISON TO PREDICATE DEVICE

      The subject and predicate devices are based on the following same technological elements:

               •  Both devices work with DICOM 3.0 images retrieved from PACS systems, and can
                  export data back to those PACS systems.
               •  Both have integrated slice views with MPR, segmentation and ROI tools, and
                image filtering.
               •  Both devices perform study management and structured report generation.

•  Both uniquely identify users and maintain audit trails of user actions.
             •  Both have a modular architecture for analysis tools and include modules for
                 perfusion and diffusion for MR cases.

     The following technological differences exist between the subject and predicate devices:

             •   Olea Sphere can import and export to the local file system, whereas qp-Prostate
              does not.
             •   Olea Sphere can perform perfusion calculations for both MR and CT, whereas qpProstate only does so for MR data.
             •   qp-Prostate software only includes two analysis modules for perfusion (Perfusion
              – Pharmacokinetics, PKM) and diffusion (Diffusion - ADC) calculations, whereas
               Olea Sphere includes more modules.
             •   qp-Prostate software is indicated only for prostate MR images whereas OLEA
                covers more anatomical areas, including prostate.

     Taken individually and together, these differences do not affect the substantial equivalence;
     both products are still using the same technological basis. Software validation and verification
      testing, as well as performance data, confirm that the qp-Prostate functionalities do not raise
      different questions of safety or effectiveness compared to the predicate, and support
      substantial equivalence.

    A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.

Table 1. Comparison of key features of the subject (qp-Prostate, QUIBIM) and the predicate
                       device (OLEA Sphere 3.0, OLEA Medical)
                                                            Olea Sphere V3.0
     FEATURE                   qp-Prostate
                                                              K152602

                         REGULATORY DATA

   Regulatory Class                                     II                                                                  II

                                Picture archiving and
                                                                      Picture archiving and
    Regulation name           communications
                                                       communications system (PACS)
                             system (PACS)
   Regulation number          21 CFR 892.2050                 21 CFR 892.2050
  Classification Panel             Radiology                        Radiology
     Product code                 LLZ                            LLZ
     Manufacturer                QUIBIM                        Olea Medical
   FDA clearance                              -                           K152602

                             INTENDED USE


                        qp-Prostate is an image processing   Olea Sphere V3.0 is an image
   Indications for use                         software package to be used by    processing software package to
                             trained professionals, including   be used by trained professionals

Olea Sphere V3.0
    FEATURE                   qp-Prostate
                                                             K152602
                         radiologists specialized in prostate      including, but not limited to,
                       imaging, urologists and oncologists.      physicians and medical
                      The software runs on a standard    technicians. The software runs on
                           "off-the-shelf" workstation and can     a standard "off-the-shelf"
                   be used to perform image viewing,   workstation and can be used to
                      processing and analysis of prostate      perform image viewing,
               MR images. Data and images are    processing, image collage and
                       acquired through DICOM compliant  analysis of medical images. Data
                       imaging devices and modalities.   and images are acquired through
                           Patient management decisions     DICOM compliant imaging
                       should not be based solely on the       devices and modalities.
                           results of qp-Prostate. qp-Prostate
                      does not perform a diagnostic
                            function, but instead allows the
                          users to visualize and analyze
                         DICOM data.


                            CHARACTERISTICS

  Supported image
                        DICOM 3.0                   DICOM 3.0       format

   Type of scans            MR                        MR, CT

    Data import              PACS                PACS or file system
    Data export              PACS                PACS or file system
  Image loading and
                               Yes                           Yes
       saving
Integrated slice viewer             Yes                           Yes
      Multi-planar                 Yes                           Yes
     MPR/3D                   Yes                           Yes
 Segmentation tools              Yes                           Yes
     ROI tools                  Yes                           Yes
  Image Processing               Yes                           Yes
 Study Management
                               Yes                           Yes         tools
   Structured report
                               Yes                           Yes      generation
License Management
                               Yes                           Yes
      System
Unique user log-in and
                               Yes                           Yes
     password
   User audit trails                Yes                           Yes
Modular analysis plugYes                           Yes
          ins

Olea Sphere V3.0
      FEATURE                   qp-Prostate
                                                               K152602
       Intended use          Hospitals / imaging centers or       Hospitals / imaging centers or
       environment                         clinics                                  clinics
                                                                 Trained professionals including
                               Radiologists specialized in                                                                      but not limited to
       Intended user        prostate imaging, urologists and                                                                  physicians and medical
                                      oncologists.                                                                            technicians
      Intended patient      Any patient for which PACS MR   Any patient for which PACS data
         population              prostate data exists.                         exists.

                                          DCE (for MR Imaging) Kinetics –
                                                           semi quantitative maps
                                                        (AUC, Peak enhancement map,
                                                     Peak percentage enhancement,
                                  Not included
                                                       Time to maximum enhancement,
                                                            Washin, Washout, Relative
                                                                     washout,
                                                                 Signal Enhancement Ratio)

                                         DCE (for MR imaging) Permeability
                     DCE (for prostate MR                                                      – Quantitative parameter maps
                               imaging) Perfusion –
                                                                                      (Ktrans, kep, Vp, ve, signal to                               Pharmacokinetics
                                                                  concentration time curve
                                    Modelling
  Image post-processing                                      conversion with fixed blood                                     (Ktrans [min-1], kep [min-1], ve [%])
   and analysis plugins                                       and tissue T1 values)


                                            DWI (for MR Imaging) Intra – Voxel
                                  Not included                    Incoherent Motion IVIM
                                                             (ADC, D, D*, f)

                     DWI (for MR Imaging) Apparent   DWI (for MR Imaging) Apparent
                                        Diffusion                    Diffusion Coefficient
                                 Coefficient (ADC [mm2/s])                (ADC)

                                  Not included               Yes (T1 and T2 Mapping)


                                  Not included              Metabolic (hepatic fat fraction FF)

       Thus, qp-Prostate device is substantially equivalent to the Olea Sphere V3.0 (K152602) from
     OLEA Medical.

PERFORMANCE DATA

     PERFORMANCE TESTING - BENCH

      The following bench testing was performed on the subject device per the following draft
       guidance: “Technical Performance Assessment of Quantitative Imaging in Device Premarket
       Submissions” (April 19, 2019) for the unitary validation of the different parts that constitute qp-

Prostate. qp-Prostate is aimed for diffusion and perfusion analysis of prostate MR cases,
    providing quantitative information useful to assist the professional in completing the prostate
    structured report template.

   One of tests is the analysis of digital reference objects (DROs) proposed by QIBA, available
    for DWI and DCE, considered as ground truth. For both Perfusion-Pharmacokinetics (PKM)
    and Diffusion-ADC analysis modules, DROs, including presence and absence of noise
    modeling, are used for technical performance evaluation.

Table 2. qp-Prostate’s Performance Bench Testing for Diffusion and Perfusion Analysis
                                Modules
                qp-Prostate
                                     Test type             Dataset
                 functionality
                                                     QIBA’s Diffusion
                                         Digital Reference    Weighted Imaging
               Diffusion – ADC
                                   Object Analysis        (DWI) Digital
               analysis module
                                      (Diffusion – ADC)     Reference Object
                                                    (DRO)
                                         Digital Reference     QIBA’s Dynamic
                 Perfusion -
                                   Object Analysis     Contrast-Enhanced
             Pharmacokinetics
                                       (Perfusion –     (DCE) MR perfusion
               analysis module
                                  Pharmacokinetics)       DRO


   PERFORMANCE TESTING - CLINICAL

   A dataset of prostate clinical cases was used for the validation of the algorithms integrated in
    qp-Prostate v1.0.0 such as Spatial Smoothing algorithm, Registration algorithm, Automated
    Prostate Segmentation algorithm, Motion Correction algorithm and automated AIF selection
    algorithm.

    The other assessment is the comparison against the predicate device (OLEA Sphere, v3.0,
    K152602), using 157 clinical cases of prostate MRI. The dataset includes cases from different
    three major MRI vendors: Siemens, GE and Philips, magnetic field of 3T and 1.5T cases and
     different technical parameters that make up the broad spectrum of cases allowed in our
   recommended protocol (T2w + DWI + DCE).

Table 3. qp-Prostate’s Performance Clinical Testing and Comparison with the Predicate
                                     Device
            qp-Prostate
                                Test type                 Dataset
             functionality
                                             155 DCE-MR and DWI-MR
                             Performance
                                                prostate sequences acquired form
         Motion Correction       testing with
                                           155 different patients in different
              algorithm          prostate MR
                                           machines with multiple acquisition
                                cases
                                                           protocols
                                           112 T2-Weighted MR, DCE-MR
                             Performance
        Registration algorithm                    and 108 DWI-MR prostate
                                     testing with
                                          sequences acquired from different

prostate MR    patients in different machines with
                                   cases         multiple acquisition parameters
                                             51 transverse T2-weighted, DCEPerformance    MR and DWI-MR prostate
              Spatial Smoothing       testing with      sequences acquired from 51
                  algorithm          prostate MR       different patients in different
                                   cases      machines with multiple acquisition
                                                              protocols
                                Performance   242 DCE-MR prostate sequences
              AIF selection         testing with       acquired from 242 different
                  algorithm          prostate MR    patients in different machines with
                                   cases          multiple acquisition protocols
                                             243 transverse T2-weighted MR
                                Performance
                  Prostate                          prostate sequences acquired from
                                        testing with
              Segmentation                    243 different patients in different
                                    prostate MR
                  algorithm                      machines with multiple acquisition
                                   cases
                                                     protocols.
                                              157 T2-weighted MR, DCE-MR
           Comparison to the
                              Comparison to     and 141 DWI-MR prostate
              Predicate Device
                                      predicate    sequences acquired form different
          (OLEA Sphere, v3.0,
                                     device       patients in different machines with
                K152602)
                                                         multiple acquisition protocols


     SOFTWARE VERIFICATION & VALIDATION

       qp-Prostate software was developed according to FDA recognized consensus standards for
       software development. Software verification and validation was performed following V&V plans
      and protocols verifying that product specifications were met.

      The tests results demonstrate that qp-Prostate functioned as intended, is acceptable for
         clinical use, and is as safe and effective as its predicate device, without introducing new
       questions of safety and efficacy.

CONFORMANCE STANDARDS

      The qp-Prostate complies with the following FDA recognized consensus standards:

           •  ISO 62304:2006/A1:2016 Medical device software - Software life cycle processes
           •  ISO 14971 Medical devices - Applications of risk management to medical devices
           •  ISO 82304:2016 Health software - Part 1: General requirements for product safety
           •  IEC 60601-1 Medical electrical equipment -- Part 1-2: General requirements for basic
               safety and essential performance -- Collateral Standard: Electromagnetic disturbances
                      -- Requirements and tests
           •  IEC 62366 Medical devices - Part 1: Application of usability engineering to medical
              devices
           •  ISO 80002 Medical device software – Part 1: Guidance on the application of ISO 14971
                to medical device software

In addition, the device also complies with the following consensus standards:

           •  ISO 13485 Medical devices — Quality management systems — Requirements for
               regulatory purposes

CONCLUSIONS

       qp-Prostate is as safe and effective as the Olea Sphere v3.0. qp-Prostate has the same
       intended uses and similar indications, technological characteristics, and principles of operation
       as its predicate device. In addition, the minor technological differences between qp -Prostate
      and its predicate device raise no new issues of safety or effectiveness. Performance data
       demonstrate that qp-Prostate is as safe and effective as the OLEA Sphere v3.0. Thus, qpProstate is substantially equivalent.