October 22, 2021
GE Medical Systems SCS
℅ Ning Wen
Regulatory Affairs Leader
283, rue de la Miniere
Buc, 78530
FRANCE

Re: K210807
    Trade/Device Name: FlightPlan for Liver
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: September 29, 2021
    Received: September 30, 2021

Dear Ning Wen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K210807 - Ning Wen                                                                  Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                      Laurel M. DigitallyLaurel M.signedBurk -Sby
                    Burk -S     Date:10:19:252021.10.22-04'00'                                                                                                                                                , for
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEAL TH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                   Indications for Use                         See PRA Statement below.

 51 0(k) Number (if known)
K210807


 Device Name

 FlightPlan for Liver

 Indications for Use (Describe)
FlightPlan for Liver is a post processing software package that helps the analysis of 3D X-ray angiography images of the
liver. Its output is intended as an adjunct means to help visualize vasculature and identify arteries leading to the vicinity of
hypervascular lesions in the liver. This adjunct information may be used by physicians to aid them in their evaluation of
hepatic arterial anatomy during the planning phase of embolization procedures.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                IZI Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (6120)                             Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

GE Healthcare
FlightPlan for Liver
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

                  510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness        K210807

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided.

 Date:                  October 20, 2021

 Submitter:           GE Medical Systems SCS
                         Establishment Registration Number ‐ 9611343
                         283, rue de la Minière
                      78530 Buc, France

 Primary Contact:        Ning WEN
                         Regulatory Affairs Leader
                    GE Healthcare, (GE Medical Systems SCS)
                              Tel: +33 6 4637 3852
                           Email: ning.wen@ge.com

 Secondary Contact      John Jaeckle
                           Chief Regulatory Affairs Strategist
                              Tel: +1 262 424 9547
                           Email: john.jaeckle@ge.com

 Device Trade Name:      FlightPlan for Liver
 Common/Usual Name:   FlightPlan for Liver, with Parenchyma Analysis option
 Regulation Number:     21CFR 892.2050, Medical image management and processing system
 Product Code:           LLZ
 Regulatory Class:         Class II

 Predicate Device:
 Device Name:             FlightPlan for Liver
 Manufacturer:        GE Medical Systems SCS
 510(k) number:         K121200
 Regulation Number:     21CFR 892.2050, Medical image management and processing system
 Product Code:           LLZ
 Regulatory Class:         Class II

 Reference Device:
 Device Name:            FlightPlan for Embolization
 Manufacturer:        GE Medical Systems SCS
 510(k) number:         K193261
 Regulation Number:     21CFR 892.2050, Medical image management and processing system
 Product Code:           LLZ
 Regulatory Class:         Class II


                                              Page 1 of 6

GE Healthcare
FlightPlan for Liver
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


Device Description and Marketed Devices:

FlightPlan for Liver with the Parenchyma Analysis option is a post‐processing, software‐only application
using 3D X‐ray angiography images (CBCT) as input. It helps physicians visualize and analyze vasculature
to aid in the planning of endovascular embolization procedures in the liver. It was developed from
modifications to the predicate device, GE's FlightPlan for Liver [K121200], including the addition of 2
new algorithms supporting the Parenchyma Analysis option. The Parenchyma Analysis option is what
triggered this 510k.

The subject device also includes a feature, Live Tracking, that was cleared in the reference device, GE's
FlightPlan for Embolization. The software operates on GE’s Advantage Workstation [K110834] platform
and AW Server [K081985] platform and is an extension to the GE’s Volume Viewer application
[K041521].

The primary features of the software are:
   Multi‐modality 3D review to load and compare CBCT, CT, MR, PET, NM dataset side by side with a
   CBCT dataset.
   Semi‐automatic segmentation of the liver arterial tree from an operator‐defined starting point in the
   CBCT images.
   Definition by operator of target(s).
   Semi‐automatic segmentation (displayed using color highlights) of vessels from the operator‐
    defined starting point to the vicinity of each target. The vessels are semi‐automatically highlighted
   and are called “vicinity vessels”.
   Ability to manually add and remove vessels in the vicinity of the targets.
   Selective display (Live Tracking) of both proximal vessel and distal vessels interactively from a
    reference point determined by the user’s cursor on the vessel, used also in the reference device
    FlightPlan for Embolization.
   Ability to mark points of interest (POI) to store a cursor position.
   The Parenchyma Analysis option which includes the two new algorithms which triggered this 510k:
   o The deep learning‐based Liver Segmentation algorithm that performs an automated
      segmentation of the entire liver on injected CBCT acquisitions. The outputted liver segmentation
         is an intermediate result that is used as a boundary for the second algorithm, Virtual Parenchyma
       Visualization (VPV).
   o The non‐deep learning Virtual Parenchyma Visualization algorithm that selectively displays, for
       visualization purposes, the estimated distal liver region adjacent to the distal parts of the
      computed skeleton of the vessel segmentation (Virtual Parenchyma) interactively from a user‐
      determined reference point(s).
   Saving of results and export optionally to GE’s Vision application [K092639] for 3D road‐mapping.

FlightPlan for Liver is intended to be used during the planning phase of liver embolization procedures.
These procedures workflows are split in 5 main phases:

 (1) Planning, using 2D DSA and CBCT to characterize the anatomy and identify injection point
    candidates.
 (2) Navigation, to position catheters under fluoroscopic guidance.


                                              Page 2 of 6

GE Healthcare
FlightPlan for Liver
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


 (3) Decision, to confirm treatment points using 2D DSA and Selective CBCT.
 (4) Treatment, phase which consists into injection of drug to the confirmed treatment points.
 (5) Control, to assess the embolization procedure end‐point.

The proposed device is only used as part of (1) Planning.

Intended Use:

  FlightPlan for Liver is a post processing software package that helps the analysis of 3D X‐ray
  angiography images of the liver. Its output is intended to be used by physicians as an adjunct means to
  help visualize vasculature and identify arteries leading to the vicinity of hypervascular regions of
  interest in the liver.

Indication for Use:

  FlightPlan for Liver is a post processing software package that helps the analysis of 3D X‐ray
  angiography images of the liver. Its output is intended as an adjunct means to help visualize
  vasculature and identify arteries leading to the vicinity of hypervascular lesions in the liver. This
  adjunct information may be used by physicians to aid them in their evaluation of hepatic arterial
  anatomy during the planning phase of embolization procedures.

Technology:

The proposed device, FlightPlan for Liver, employs the same fundamental scientific technology as its
predicate device (FlightPlan for Liver) and its reference device (FlightPlan for Embolization).

In addition, the proposed device FlightPlan for Liver includes selective display tools helping user’s
visualization of vascular structures as well as estimated distal liver regions adjacent to distal vessels. The
selective display of vessels (Live Tracking) and the selective display of estimated distal liver regions
(Virtual Parenchyma) are interactive with user’s cursor, based on the computed skeleton of the vessel
tree segmentation for Live Tracking and on two new algorithms: deep learning‐based Liver
Segmentation algorithm; and non‐deep learning Virtual Parenchyma Visualization algorithm for Virtual
Parenchyma.

Device Modification Overview

The table below summarizes the substantive feature/technological differences and similarities between
the predicate device and the proposed device:

                                  Predicate Device:                                                            Proposed Device:
 Specification                      FlightPlan for Liver                                                                       FlightPlan for Liver
                                   [K121200]

 Multi‐modality 3D review &             Identical                            Identical
 comparison of CBCT, CT, MR,
 PET, NM datasets

 Semi‐automatic segmentation           Yes                             Yes
 of the liver arterial tree

 Definition by operator of                Yes                             Yes
 target(s)


                                              Page 3 of 6

GE Healthcare
FlightPlan for Liver
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


                                  Predicate Device:                                                            Proposed Device:
 Specification                      FlightPlan for Liver                                                                       FlightPlan for Liver
                                   [K121200]

 Semi‐automatic segmentation           Yes                             Yes
 of “vicinity vessels”

 Ability to manually add and             Identical                            Identical
 remove “vicinity vessels”

 Segmentation and selective         Yes, using target      Yes, using tool for Live Tracking of vessels.
 display of parts of the              defined by user.
 vasculature

 Ability to mark POIs                     Yes                             Yes

 Deep learning‐based full Liver        No, full liver         Yes, DL based automated segmentation of
 Segmentation                 segmentation can only                the full liver.
                             be done manually.

 Selective display of the              No                 Yes, the non‐deep learning Virtual
 estimated distal liver region                            Parenchyma Visualization algorithm
 (Virtual Parenchyma)                                            selectively displays, for visualization
                                                        purposes, the estimated distal liver region
                                                            adjacent to the distal parts of the
                                                   computed skeleton of the vessel
                                                       segmentation (Virtual Parenchyma).

 Save and export                         Identical                            Identical

 Platform                          Advantage           Advantage Workstation, AW Server
                                   Workstation


Determination of Substantial Equivalence:

Summary of Non‐Clinical, Design Control Testing

FlightPlan for Liver has successfully completed the design control testing per GE’s quality system. No
additional hazards were identified, and no unexpected test results were observed. The proposed device
complies with NEMA PS 3.1 ‐ 3.20 (2016) Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) Set
(Radiology) standard.

The proposed device, FlightPlan for Liver, has successfully completed the required design control testing
per GE Healthcare Quality Management System. It was designed and will be manufactured under the
Quality System Regulations of 21CFR 820 and ISO 13485.

The following quality assurance measures were applied to the development of the device:
    Requirements Definition
    Risk Analysis
    Technical Design Reviews


                                              Page 4 of 6

GE Healthcare
FlightPlan for Liver
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

    Formal Design Reviews
    Software Development Lifecycle
    Performance testing (Verification, Validation)
    System Testing (Verification, Validation)

The proposed FlightPlan for Liver has been successfully verified on the AW VolumeShare workstation
and AW Server platforms. All the testing and results did not raise new or different questions of safety
and effectiveness other than those already associated with predicate device.

Software documentation for a MODERATE level of concern.

Additional Non‐Clinical Testing

Engineering bench testing of the two new algorithms for the Parenchyma Analysis option demonstrated
the new algorithms’ capabilities to selectively display vascular structures and estimated distal liver
region to support substantial equivalence and demonstrate performance.

A database of contrast injected CBCT liver acquisitions from clinical sites in the USA and France was used
for the training and testing of the deep learning Liver Segmentation algorithm.

The non‐DL Virtual Parenchyma Visualization algorithm’s performance was evaluated using a test set of
proximal CBCT acquisitions from the USA and France. This test set was used to evaluate the
performance of the VPV algorithm compared to selective contrast injected CBCT exams from same
patients used as the ground truth.

The variety of exams in the evaluations is representative of the clinical scenarios where FlightPlan for
Liver with the Parenchyma Analysis option is intended to be used. The test results of both of the
algorithms met their predefined acceptance criteria.

Summary of Clinical Testing

A sample of 3D X‐ray angiography image pairs, from France and the USA, of non‐selective CBCT and
selective CBCT images representative of clinical practice in liver embolization were assessed by
interventional radiologists using a 5‐point Likert scale. The clinical assessment demonstrated that the
proposed device FlightPlan for Liver with the Parenchyma Analysis option met its predefined acceptance
criteria and helps physicians visualize and analyze 3D X‐ray angiography images, can be used to estimate
distal liver regions from a reference point, and aids in the planning of embolization procedures in the
liver, including the selection of embolization injection points.

Substantial Equivalence Conclusion

The changes to FlightPlan for Liver cleared in 2012 do not create a new Intended Use. FlightPlan for Liver
with the Parenchyma Analysis option has identical or equivalent technological characteristics as its
predicate device and reference device.

GE’s quality system’s design, verification, and risk management processes did not identify any new
questions of safety or effectiveness, hazards, unexpected results, or adverse effects stemming from the
changes to the predicate.

Based on development under GE Healthcare’s quality system, successful design verification, software
documentation for a “Moderate” level of concern, along with the engineering bench testing and the


                                              Page 5 of 6

GE Healthcare
FlightPlan for Liver
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


clinical evaluation demonstrate that the proposed FlightPlan for Liver with the Parenchyma Analysis
option is substantially equivalent to, and hence as safe and as effective for its Intended Use as the legally
marketed predicate device.


                                              Page 6 of 6