Genesis Software Innovations                                                  April 21, 2021
℅ Mr. Matt Miller
Director of Technology Development
220 Lyon St NW Suite 500
GRAND RAPIDS MI 49503

Re: K210556
    Trade/Device Name: Preview Shoulder
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: February 16, 2021
    Received: February 25, 2021

Dear Mr. Miller:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K210556 - Mr. Matt Miller                                                             Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K210556
Device Name
Preview Shoulder
Indications for Use (Describe)
The Preview Shoulder software is intended to be used as a tool for orthopedic surgeons to develop pre-operative shoulder
plans based on a patient CT imaging study.
The import process allows the user to select a DICOM CT scan series from any location that the user’s computer sees as
an available file source.
3D digital representations of various implant models are available in the planning software. Preview Shoulder allows the
user to digitally perform the surgical planning by showing a representation of the patient’s shoulder anatomy as a 3D
model and allows the surgeon to place the implant in the patient’s anatomy.
The software allows the surgeon to generate a report, detailing the output of the planning activity.
Experience in usage and a clinical assessment are necessary for a proper use of the software. It is to be used for adult
patients only and should not be used for diagnostic purposes.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

@GENESIS                                                                     11  1    11                        11
                        510(k) Summary
                       K210556


Date Prepared:         February 16, 2021

Submitter:             Genesis Software Innovations
                     220 Lyon St NW Suite 500
                      Grand Rapids, MI 49503

Contact:                 Matt Miller
                           Director of Technology Development
                      Genesis Software Innovations
                      616-294-1026 Ext. 5
                        matt.miller@genesissoftwareinnovations.com

Proprietary Name:      Preview Shoulder

Common Name:         Pre-operative planning software

Classifications:        21 CFR Section 892.2050 -  Picture archiving and
                      communications system; Class   II
                        Product Code: QIH

Classification Panel:    Radiology

Substantially
Equivalent Devices:    Peek Health, S.A. PeekMed (K182464)

Reference Device:     Pixmeo SARL, Osirix MD (K101342)

Intended Use  / Indications:

The Preview Shoulder software is intended to be used as a tool for orthopedic surgeons
to develop pre-operative shoulder plans based on a patient CT imaging study.

The import process allows the user to select a DICOM CT scan series from any location
that the user's computer sees as an available file source.

3D digital representations of various implant models are available in the planning
software. Preview Shoulder allows the user to digitally perform the surgical planning by
showing a representation of the patient's shoulder anatomy as a 3D model and allows
the surgeon to place the implant in the patient's anatomy.

@GENESIS                                                                     11  1    11                        11
The software allows the surgeon to generate a report, detailing the output of the
planning activity.

Experience in usage and a clinical assessment are necessary for a proper use of the
software.  It is to be used for adult patients only and should not be used for diagnostic
purposes.

Device Description:

The Preview Shoulder, a 3D total shoulder arthroplasty (TSA) surgical planning
software, is a standalone software application which assists the surgeon in planning
reverse and anatomic shoulder arthroplasty.  Preview Shoulder includes 3D digital
representations of implants for placement in images used for surgical planning.  Preview
Shoulder is a secure software application used by qualified or trained surgeons and is
accessed by authorized users.

The primary function of Preview Shoulder is to receive and process DICOM CT
image(s) of patients. Preview Shoulder can be used to place an implant in the original
CT image and place an implant in the 3D model of reconstructed bone. The Preview
Shoulder allow the user to perform surgical planning and generate an output surgical
report.  Preview Shoulder does not provide a diagnosis or surgical recommendation.
The surgeon is responsible for selecting and placing the implant model for pre-surgical
planning purposes.

Substantial Equivalence Discussion:

The proposed Preview Shoulder and  its predicate device, PeekMed (K182464), are
similar with regards to their intended use, clinical indications, principle of operation and
fundamental technology. In conclusion, Genesis Software Innovations believes that the
Preview Shoulder does not introduce any new potential safety and/or effectiveness
issues and is comparable to the identified predicate device, PeekMed (K182464).

GENESIS

  Property or          Proposed Device           Peek Health, S.A. PeekMed                                                                                          Significant Differences
 Characteristic         Preview Shoulder                   (K182464)
Product Code                QIH                           LLZ              The QIH device definition applies
                                                                                                       to picture archiving and
                                                                               communications systems that
                                                                                 implement artificial intelligence
                                                                                                     (Al) including nonadaptive
                                                                            machine learning algorithms.

                                                                                 Preview Shoulder utilizes an A
                                                                                           algorithm for reconstructing 3D
                                                                            bone model from the image data.
Regulation               21 CFR 892.2050                  21 CFR 892.2050         N/A
Number
Intended Use     Preoperative planning software     Preoperative planning software    N/A
                     for surgery                             for surgery
Indications for  The Preview Shoulder software  is  PeekMed  is a software system    The indications for use are similar
use              intended to be used as a tool for   designed to help surgeons'        between the Preview Shoulder
                  orthopedic surgeons to develop     specialists carry out the pre-                                                                              and the predicate device.
                  pre-operative shoulder plans       operative planning in a prompt
                based on a patient CT imaging     and efficient manner for several
                   study.                                surgical procedures, based on
                                                              their patients' imaging studies.               The import process allows the
                                            The software imports diagnostics                  user to select a DICOM CT scan
                                                  imaging studies such as x-rays,                   series from any location that the
                                        CT or magnetic resonance image                   user's computer sees as an
                                                         (MRI). The import process can                   available file source.

GENESIS
              3D digital representations of         retrieve files from a CD ROM, a
                  various implant models are          local folder or the PACS.  In
                   available in the planning              parallel, there is a database of
                   software. Preview Shoulder           digital representations related to
                  allows the user to digitally           prosthetic materials supplied by
                  perform the surgical planning by    their producing companies.
                showing a representation of the    PeekMed allows health
                     patient's shoulder anatomy as a    professional to digitally perform
              3D model and allows the surgeon   the surgical planning without
                      to place the implant in the          adding any additional steps to
                     patient's anatomy.                   that process. This software
                                                system requires no imaging study               The software allows the surgeon
                      to generate a report, detailing the   acquisition specification (no
                                                             protocol). Experience in usage                  output of the planning activity.
                                               and a clinical assessment are                 Experience in usage and a                                                 necessary for a proper use of the                       clinical assessment are                                                       software.                 necessary for a proper use of the
                   software.  It is to be used for adult
                   patients only and should not be
                used for diagnostic purposes.
Subspecialties   Preview Shoulder allows the      PeekMed allows the surgeon to    Both devices are designed for
                 surgeon to perform the pre-        perform the pre-surgical planning   pre-surgical planning of total
                    surgical planning for the following   efficiently in the following          shoulder replacement surgeries.
                    subspeciality:                       subspecialties:
                                                                         - Hip                                                                         The predicate device is designed
                Upper Limb: Total Shoulder           - Knee                                  for additional pre-surgical
                Replacement                                                         planning procedures beyond total                                                                         - Spine
                                                                                    shoulder replacement.                                                                         - Upper Limb
                                                                         - Foot and Ankle

GENESIS
                                                                  - Trauma                        Preview Shoulder has been
                                                                                       validated for pre-surgical                                                For each subspecialty, there are
                                                                                   planning of total shoulder                                                 several procedures:
                                                                              replacement surgeries.                                                         -Hip: Hip Dysplasia Correction,
                                            Limb Length Discrepancy, Center
                                                     of Rotation - Ranawat method,    The limitation of pre-surgical
                                               Acetabular Angle, Total Hip        planning subspecialties does not
                                                  Arthroplasty                          raise new questions of safety or
                                                                                        effectiveness.                                                -Knee: Leg Deformity Correction,
                                   AP Knee Resection, AP Full Leg
                                                    resection, High Tibial Osteotomy,
                                   ACL Tunnel Reconstruction,
                                                Medial Patellofemoral Ligament
                                                   -Spine: Single Cobb Angle,
                                               Thoracic Kyphosis Angle, Lumbar
                                                Lordosis Angle, Sagittal Vertical
                                                   Axis, Pelvic Angles, Coronal
                                               Balance, Sacrofemoral Angle,
                                                       Sagittal Balance, Smith-Petersen
                                            Osteotomy, Pedicle Subtraction
                                          Osteotomy
                                             -Upper Limb: Total Shoulder
                                            Replacement, Clavicular Angle,
                                             Shoulder Resurfacing
                                                  -Foot and Ankle: Talar Tilt, Hallux
                                               Valgus, Moreau-Costa-Bertani
                                                        Internal Angle, MoreauCosta-

GENESIS
                                                         Bertani External Angle, Maestro
                                                 Formula
                                                  -Trauma: Diaphyseal Shaft
                                                       Fracture Angle, Metaphyseal
                                                      Shaft Fracture Angle, Roof Arc
Type of Use       Prescription Only                    Prescription Only                N/A
Patient           Adults                             Adults and pediatrics            The Preview Shoulder is intended
Population                                                                                          for use with adult patient images
                                                                                                 only.

                                                                                  Preview Shoulder has been
                                                                                            validated using adult patient
                                                                                   images.

                                                                                 Preview Shoulder's measurement
                                                                             image processing and
                                                                          measurement capabilities of adult
                                                                  CT images does not raise new
                                                                                      questions on safety or
                                                                                             effectiveness.
End User        Surgeons                       Surgeons                      N/A
Computer        Personal Computer or             Personal Computer or            N/A
                  Workstation                       Workstation
Operating       Windows or MacOS             Windows or OS X               N/A
System

GENESIS

Device         The software is installed and                It can be set to start from a         Both the Preview Shoulder and
Availability       started from the user's computer.   workstation or standalone for       predicate device are accessed
                                                     planning procedures.              through the surgeon's computer
                                                                                    system.
Images source   Receives medical images from     Receives medical images from     Both devices import image files
                  various sources locally available    various sources (including PACS)  from multiple data locations. The
                      to the user's computer.                                                 predicate retrieves files from CD
                                                                 ROM, local file storage, or PACS.
                                                                         The Preview Shoulder does not                 Preview Shoulder does not
                                                                            communicate directly to a PACS                communicate directly to a PACS
                                                                              system but can retrieve files from                 system.
                                                                             any file storage location
                                                                                      accessible by the surgeon's
                                                                              computer in DICOM format.
                                                                         The file storage and retrieval
                                                                                                location does not raise new
                                                                                      questions of safety or
                                                                                           effectiveness as the DICOM
                                                                             images can be stored and
                                                                                              transferred utilizing any file
                                                                                        sharing systems.
                                                                                     Both the Preview Shoulder andData           The software processes the CT    The software processes data in
                                                                                          predicate device process patientprocessing      image, which allows the implant    order to provide an overlap and                                                                             images in order for the surgeon
                      to be overlapped/ placed in both    dimensioning of digital                                                                                                        to overlap (place) 3D digital
                   the original scan images and/or     representations of the prosthetic                                                                                         representations of implant
                   the 3D model reconstruction of     material                        models and dimension anatomic
                   the bone for surgical planning.                                           features.

O"GENESIS


                                                                         The Preview Shoulder CT image
                                                                                     processing has been validated.
                                                                                     Both the Preview Shoulder andDigital overlap   The software allows the implant    Allows the overlap of models and
                                                                                          predicate device allow the 3Dof                rendering to be                     the intersection of the models                                                                                                               digital representations of implant                  overlapped/placed  in the 3Dprosthetic                                                                    models representations to be
                model reconstruction of the bonematerial                                                                           overlapped (placed) in the
                    that results from the processed                                     processed images.
              CT image(s).


                                                                         The Preview Shoulder does not
                                                                                           include functionality to intersect
                                                                      3D models of reconstructed
                                                                                     bone.  Intersection functionality is
                                                                                          not necessary for planning of
                                                                                                              total shoulder replacement
                                                                                           surgery.


                                                                         The Preview Shoulder
                                                                                                  functionality to place 3D digital
                                                                                         representations of implant
                                                                             models has been validated.

Interactive      Yes                          Yes                           N/A
model
positioning

O"GENESIS

Interactive      Yes                          Yes                           N/A
model
dimensioning
Model rotation   Yes                          Yes                           N/A
Support for     Yes                          Yes                           N/A
digital
prosthetic
materials
provided by
the
manufacturers
Automatic      No                           Yes                             Automatic Calibration refers to
Calibration                                                                               the predicate's capability to use
                                                                                     standard markers placed in X-ray
                                                                             images to determine scale.
                                                                                 Preview Shoulder does not allow
                                                                                              single X-ray images for planning
                                                                              and the presence of scaling
                                                                                 markers are not used for 3D
                                                                                   imaging modalities.
Pre-surgical     Yes                          Yes                           N/A
planning
Contact with    No                          No                            N/A
the patient

OG EN ESIS

Control of life   No                          No                            N/A
supporting
devices
Human         Yes                          Yes                           N/A
intervention
for image
interpretation
Ability to add    Yes                          Yes                           N/A
additional
modules when
available

@GENESIS                                                                                                          11
Bench Testing:

Software Verification and Validation testing was performed on the Preview Shoulder,
and documentation is provided as recommended by FDA's Guidance for Industry and
FDA Staff, "Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained
in Medical Devices". The software is considered as a "moderate level of concern" since
a failure or latent design flaw could lead to an erroneous diagnosis or a delay in delivery
of appropriate medical care that would likely lead to Minor Injury.

The Verification and Validation testing was performed to assess the safety and
effectiveness of the device, to demonstrate the processing of patient images to produce
accurate and repeatable 3D reconstructed bones and surgical coordinates provided to
the surgeon.  Testing verified that the system performs as intended. The software has
been verified via code reviews and automated and manual testing. The measurement
capabilities of the Preview Shoulder were validated to be significantly equivalent to a
benchmark tool with CT rendering measurement capabilities, Osirix MD (K101342).  All
validation testing was performed on a fully configured system using anonymized patient
shoulder CT images to emulate intended use. All user features have been validated by
surgeons.

Clinical Testing:

Clinical testing was not necessary to demonstrate substantial equivalence of the
Preview Shoulder to the predicate device.
Overall Conclusion:

Based on the information presented in this submission, Genesis Software Innovations
concludes that the Preview Shoulder is similar to the predicate devices in regard to
indications, principles of operation, and technological characteristics.  Additionally,
verification and validation tests demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the device to
meet its intended use and specifications. Genesis Software Innovations believes that
the proposed device, Preview Shoulder, is similar to its identified predicate device and
is as safe and effective as its predicate device without raising any new safety and/or
effectiveness concerns.