Surgical Information Sciences, Inc.                               March 31, 2021
℅ Kelliann Payne
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
1735 Market Street, 23rd Floor
PHILADELPHIA, PA 19103

Re: K210071
    Trade/Device Name: SIS System (Version 5.1.0)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: January 11, 2021
    Received: January 11, 2021

Dear Kelliann Payne:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K210071 - Kelliann Payne                                                              Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form  Approved: OMB  No.  0910-0120
                        Food and Drug Administration                               Expiration Date: 06/23/2023
                                                                     See PRA Statement below                  Indications for Use
510(k) Number (if known)
                      K210071

Device Name

SIS System (version 5.1.0)
Indications for Use (Describe)

SIS System is an application intended for use in the viewing, presentation and documentation of medical imaging,
including different modules for image processing, image fusion, and intraoperative functional planning where the 3D
output can be used with stereotactic image guided surgery or other devices for further processing and visualization.
The device can be used in conjunction with other clinical methods as an aid in visualization of the subthalamic nuclei
(STN) and globus pallidus externa and interna (GPe and GPi, respectively).

Typical users of SIS System are medical professionals, including but not limited to surgeons, neurologists, and
radiologists.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                ☒Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       ☐Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department   of  Health  and  Human
                                           Services Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork  Reduction  Act  (PRA)
                                                  Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


55
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                         Page 1 of 1                              PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740
                                                                                        055

510(k) SUMMARY
                              K210071
Submitter’s Name, Address, Telephone Number, Contact Person and Date
Prepared
       Surgical Information Sciences, Inc.
     10405 6th Avenue North, Suite 110
      Plymouth, MN 55441
      Contact Person: Ann Quinlan-Smith
      Phone: 612-325-0187
       E-mail: ann.quinlan.smith@surgicalis.com

      Date Prepared: March 29, 2021
Trade Name of Device: SIS System version 5.1.0

Common or Usual Name/Classification Name:

Primary:    Automated Radiological Image Processing Software (Product Code: QIH; 21
           C.F.R 892.2050);
Secondary: System, Image Processing, Radiological (Product Code: LLZ; 21 C.F.R
           892.2050)

Regulatory Class: Class II

Predicate Device: Surgical Information Sciences SIS Software version 3.6.0 (K192304)

Intended Use / Indications for Use

      SIS System is an application intended for use in the viewing, presentation and
      documentation  of  medical  imaging,  including  different modules  for image
      processing, image fusion, and intraoperative functional planning where the 3D
      output can be used with stereotactic image guided surgery or other devices for
       further processing and visualization. The device can be used in conjunction with
       other clinical methods as an aid in visualization of the subthalamic nuclei (STN)
     and globus pallidus externa and interna (GPe and GPi, respectively).

       Typical users of SIS System are medical professionals, including but not limited to
      surgeons, neurologists, and radiologists.


                                                                                                  7

Technological Characteristics

     The SIS System version 5.1.0, a software only device based on machine learning
     and image processing, is designed to enhance standard clinical images for the
       visualization of structures in the basal ganglia area of the brain, specifically the
      subthalamic nucleus (STN) and globus pallidus externa and interna (GPe/GPi).
     The output of the SIS system supplements the information available through
      standard  clinical methods by providing  additional, adjunctive  information  to
      surgeons, neurologists, and radiologists for use in viewing brain structures for
      planning stereotactic surgical procedures and planning of lead output.

     The SIS System version 5.1.0 provides a patient-specific, 3D anatomical model of
       specific brain structures based on the patient’s own clinical MR image using pretrained deep learning neural network models. This method incorporates ultra-high
       resolution 7T (7 Tesla) Magnetic Resonance images to determine ground truth for
      the training data set to train the deep learning models. These pre-trained deep
       learning neural network models are then applied to a patient’s clinical image to
       predict the shape and position of the patient’s specific brain structures of interest.
     The SIS System is further able to locate and identify implanted leads, where
      implanted, visible in post-operative CT images and place them in relation to the
       brain structure of interest from the preoperative processing.

     The proposed device is a modification to the SIS Software version 3.6.0 that was
      cleared under K192304. The changes made to the SIS System include (1) an
      updated algorithm that is based on deep learning Convolutional Neural Network
      models that were architected and optimized for brain image segmentation; (2) the
       addition of new targets for visualization, specifically the globus pallidus externa
     and interna (GPe/GPi); and (3) the addition of a functionality to determine the
       orientation of a directional lead, following its segmentation from the post-operative
     CT image.

Performance Data

      Following the modifications, the software verification and validation testing was
      repeated to validate that the modified software functions as specified and performs
       similarly to the predicate device.

     To validate the updated algorithm, visualization accuracy testing was conducted
        for the STN and GPi/GPe structures using the same test methods and acceptance
        criteria for the previously cleared predicate device.  In addition, the company
      repeated the MRI to CT registration testing to ensure that 3D transformation
      remains accurate. The company also repeated the testing for image processing

                                                                                                  8

of CT images to validate the lead segmentation. Finally, the electrode orientation
       detection software was validated on 43 CT image series that contained 55 leads.
     The software was characterized by two probabilities: the probability of a trusted
       detection being accurate (within ± 30° of the ground truth) and the probability of an
      untrusted detection being accurate. When the software trusted the lead detection,
            it was correct in 91% of cases. This testing demonstrated that greater than 90%
       of orientations presented to the user are accurate within ± 30°. The results of this
       testing demonstrated that the SIS System version 5.1.0 has been fully verified and
       validated and the updated device performs as intended and is as safe and effective
     compared to the predicate.

Substantial Equivalence

      Both the subject and predicate devices are applications intended for use in the
       viewing, presentation and documentation of medical imaging, including different
      modules  for image processing, image  fusion, and  intraoperative  functional
      planning where the 3D output can be used with stereotactic image guided surgery
       or other devices for further processing and visualization. Both devices can be used
        in conjunction with other clinical methods as an aid in visualization of the target
       brain  structures.    In  addition,  typical  users  of  both  devices  are  medical
       professionals, including, but not limited to surgeons, neurologists and radiologists.

     The subject device, like the predicate, operates on other computer platforms and
      uses a proprietary algorithm to generate 3D segmented anatomical models from
       patients’ MRI scans.  The subject device employs an updated version of the
       algorithm based on deep learning Convolutional Neural Network Models, which
      were trained to identify the region of interest and individually predict the location
     and size of the anatomical structures of interest. Furthermore, the addition of the
      globus  pallidus  externa and  interna (GPe/GPi)  structures as  well as  the
       functionality to detect the orientation of the implanted directional lead, further
        facilitate the fundamental clinical purpose for which the predicate was cleared,
      namely  assistance  with  visualization,  surgical  planning, image review and
       analysis.  Validation testing demonstrated that the subject device is as safe and
       effective as the  predicate  device.  The  table below provides a summary
      comparison between the subject and predicate devices.


                                                                                                  9

SIS System version 5.1.0       SIS Software version 3.6.0
                                  (subject device)                (predicate device)
Intended Use /         SIS System is an application  SIS Software is an application
Indications for Use       intended for use in the        intended for use in the
                         viewing, presentation and     viewing, presentation and
                      documentation of medical    documentation of medical
                       imaging, including different    imaging, including different
                     modules for image          modules for image
                        processing, image fusion,     processing, image fusion, and
                    and intraoperative functional  intraoperative functional
                       planning where the 3D        planning where the 3D output
                        output can be used with      can be used with stereotactic
                          stereotactic image guided    image guided surgery or
                       surgery or other devices for   other devices for further
                           further processing and        processing and visualization.
                           visualization. The device     The device can be used in
                     can be used in conjunction    conjunction with other clinical
                         with other clinical methods   methods as an aid in
                     as an aid in visualization of    visualization of the
                        the subthalamic nuclei        subthalamic nuclei (STN).
                     (STN) and globus pallidus
                                                       Typical users of SIS Software                       externa and interna (GPe
                                                   are medical professionals,                    and GPi, respectively).
                                                        including but not limited to
                        Typical users of the SIS      surgeons, neurologists, and
                    System are medical            radiologists.
                         professionals, including but
                        not limited to surgeons,
                         neurologists and
                           radiologists.

User Population         Medical professionals,        Medical professionals,
                         including but not limited to     including but not limited to
                       surgeons, neurologists and   surgeons, neurologists, and
                           radiologists.                    radiologists.
Allows for importing of            Yes                     Yes
digital imaging sets
Uses proprietary                 Yes                     Yes
software algorithm to
generate 3D segmented
anatomical models from
patient’s MR scans


                                                                                               10

SIS System version 5.1.0       SIS Software version 3.6.0
                                  (subject device)                (predicate device)
Allows for review and             Yes                     Yes
analysis of data in 2D
and 3D formats
Performs image fusion            Yes                     Yes
of datasets using
automated or manual
image matching
technique
Segments structures in            Yes                     Yes
images with manual and
automated tools and
converts them into 3D
objects for display
Creates hybrid datasets            Yes                     Yes
by filing in segmented
regions slice-by-slice
on anatomical datasets
Can be downloaded to             Yes                     Yes
planning system
Segmentation of CT              Yes                     Yes
scan to identify
structures in relation to
those visualized on MR
Feature to Account for            Yes                     Yes
CT images with gantry
tilt
Cross-registers images            Yes                     Yes
and creates 3D (fused)
model
Uses registration                Yes                     Yes
methods (linear and
non-linear) by multiple
registration tools (ANTS
and ELASTIX)


                                                                                               11

Conclusion

     The updated SIS System version 5.1.0 is as safe and effective as the predicate
       version previously cleared in K192304. The subject device has the same intended
      use and similar technological characteristics and principles of operation, with minor
       differences supported by performance validation testing demonstrating that the
       subject device is as safe and effective as the predicate device. Thus, the minor
       technological differences between SIS System version 5.1.0 and its predicate
      device raise no new issues of safety or effectiveness, and the updated SIS System
       version 5.1.0 is substantially equivalent.


                                                                                                12