July 6, 2022


Healthy.io Ltd.
Ron Zohar
Chief Product Officer
8 Yitzhak Sadeh St.
Tel Aviv, Israel
6777508


Re: K210069
    Trade/Device Name: Minuteful - kidney test
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1225
    Regulation Name: Creatinine test system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JFY, JIR, KQO
    Dated: April 13, 2022
    Received: April 14, 2022

Dear Ron Zohar:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K210069 - Ron Zohar                                                                 Page 2


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                   Marianela Perez-torres -S

                                           Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.
                                        Deputy Director
                                             Division of Chemistry
                                           and Toxicology Devices
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K210069
Device Name
Minuteful - kidney test
Indications for Use (Describe)
The Minuteful — kidney test is an in-vitro diagnostic, home-use urine analysis test system for the semi-quantitative
measurement of albumin and creatinine in urine, as well as the presentation of their ratio, the albumin-creatinine ratio
(ACR). The system consists of a smartphone application, proprietary Color-Board and an ACR Reagent Strip. The system
is available for prescription-use only and is intended for people at risk of kidney disease. Results are intended to be used
in conjunction with clinical evaluation as an aid in the assessment of kidney health.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 psc Patio Seve Gp. HS-6H0 EF

Healthy.io’s Minuteful - kidney test
                                  K210069

Submitter:

Healthy.io Ltd.
8 Yitzhak Sadeh St.
Tel Aviv, Israel
6777508

Phone: +972-54-445-4514
Facsimile: +972-77-470-4808

Contact Person: Ron Zohar

Date Prepared: April 13, 2022

Name of Device: Minuteful - kidney test

Common or Usual Name: Smartphone enabled albumin-creatinine ratio analyzer

Regulation Section and Classification Name:

Class I: Albumin
Class II: Creatinine

21 CFR § 862.1645 Urinary protein or albumin (non-quantitative) test system
21 CFR § 862.1225 Creatinine test system
21 CFR § 862.2900 Automated urinalysis system

Product Code:

JIR           Urinary protein or albumin (nonquantitative) test system
JFY          Creatinine test system
KQO        Automated urinalysis system

Classification Panel: Clinical Chemistry

Predicate Device:

The Minuteful - kidney test is substantially equivalent to the following predicate device:


Manufacturer        Device                                        510(k) Number

YD Diagnostics Corp.  URiSCAN Optima urine chemistry test system    K141874


Device Description:

The Minuteful - kidney test is comprised of a kit and a smartphone application. It is intended for
the  semi-quantitative measurement  of  albumin and  creatinine  in  urine, as  well as the
presentation of their ratio, the albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR).

The Minuteful - kidney test is intended for prescription-use only, as a home-use device to aid in
the assessment of kidney health. The results can be used together with clinical evaluation to
guide patient care.

The device is provided as a kit that comprises a urine receptacle, an ACR Reagent Strip, an
absorbing (i.e. “blotting”) pad, a proprietary Color-Board and a user manual. The device also
consists  of an easy-to-use smartphone  application, image  recognition algorithms, and a
physician compendium.

The software component of the Minuteful - kidney test consists of both an application (app) and
a backend server. Both components encompass different computer vision and machine learning
algorithmic components, performing the image analysis activities. The app instructs the user
how to accurately administer the test. The Image Validation Transfer System (IVTS) component
of the Minuteful - kidney test enables its usage across a wide range of smartphone types and
operating systems, essentially making the test platform agnostic.

Intended Use/Indications for Use:

The Minuteful - kidney test is an in-vitro diagnostic, home-use urine analysis test system for the
semi-quantitative measurement of albumin and creatinine in urine, as well as the presentation of
their ratio, the albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR). The system consists of a smartphone application,
proprietary Color-Board and an ACR Reagent Strip. The system is available for prescription-use
only and is intended for people at risk of kidney disease. Results are intended to be used in
conjunction with clinical evaluation as an aid in the assessment of kidney health.

Table VIII.I: Comparison between Minuteful - kidney test and YD Diagnostics Corp. URiSCAN
Optima urine chemistry test system


                                     YD Diagnostics Corp. URiSCAN
    Feature           Minuteful - kidney test
                                                   Optima (K141874)


Intended Use     The Minuteful – kidney test is an   The URiSCAN Optima urine
                        in-vitro diagnostic, home-use       chemistry test system consists of
                    urine analysis test system for the  URiSCAN Optima Urine analyzer
                    semi-quantitative measurement of  and URiSCAN 2 ACR Urine strips.
                  albumin and creatinine in urine,    The intended use of the URiSCAN
                 as well as the presentation of      Optima Urine analyzer is to read the
                       their ratio, the albumin-creatinine    color change on the test pads found
                       ratio (ACR). The system consists   on the URiSCAN 2ACR Urine strips
                      of a smartphone application,      and to display and print the results.
                     proprietary Color-Board and an
             ACR Reagent Strip. The system   The intended use of the URiSCAN
                         is available for prescription-use   2ACR Urine strips is for the in vitro
                    only and is intended for people at   semi quantitative measurement of
                       risk of kidney disease. Results      the following parameters:
                   are intended to be used in
                    conjunction with clinical           Albumin
                    evaluation as an aid in the
                                                       Creatinine                 assessment of kidney health.

                                    ACR (Albumin Creatinine Ratio)

                                             These measurements are useful in
                                                      the evaluation of renal, urinary and
                                                     metabolic disorders.

                                        URiSCAN Optima urine chemistry
                                                              test system is intended for
                                                          prescription use only, in clinical
                                                        laboratory and in point-of-care
                                                              setting.


Test Specimen     Urine                             Urine


Detection          Reflectance photometry            Reflectance photometry
Methodology

Detection Device   Photosensitive diode               Photosensitive diode


Strips          URiSCAN 2ACR urine strips      URiSCAN 2ACR urine strips
                 (K141874)                      (K141874)


Analytes           albumin, creatinine                albumin, creatinine


Power Source      Not Applicable               URiSCAN Optima: DC 12V, 3.5A,
                                          42VA

                                        AC/DC Adaptor: AC 100-240 V,
                                                  50/60 Hz, 1.2 A


Data Transfer/      Via smartphone internet             Bi-directional RS 232C interface
Capabilities        connection from the backend
                   server to the lay user and a        High-speed thermal printer (203 dpi),
                   healthcare professional.           barcode reader

                   Results are available for secure
                   sharing with an EMR.


Available           English                            English, German, Italian, Russian,
languages on                                       Spanish, Portuguese, Korean, and
screen                                          Chinese


Measuring        75 seconds                      Routine test mode – 100 seconds
Cycle/Incubation
Time                                             Quick test mode – 6 seconds


Throughput       Not Applicable                 36 tests/hour

                The product supports a wide variety
Smartphones/       of currently available smartphones  Not Applicable
Operating        and operating systems. Newly
Systems           introduced smartphone-hardware
                and new operating systems will
                be validated by the company on a
                    regular basis.

Dimensions      187mm (W) x 143.6mm (L) x     210mm (W) x 240mm (L) x 90mm
               24.6mm (H)                       (H)


Weight            0.125 kg                         0.97kg

Summary of Performance Data:

Healthy.io conducted both bench and clinical studies to test the accuracy of the Minuteful -
kidney  test and  its agreement  with  its  predicate  device. These  analytical and  clinical
performance studies are summarized below.

Analytical Performance Testing:

The performance characteristics of the Minuteful - kidney test were evaluated according to the
following analytical performance tests:

Precision. This study consisted of two separate studies: 1) Repeatability and 2) Reproducibility.
The precision studies were designed and executed in accordance with guidance provided by the
Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) document EP05-A3 - Evaluation of Precision
of Quantitative Measurement Procedures; Approved Guideline - Third Edition.

   ●  Repeatability. The Minuteful - kidney test recorded an exact match of 100% during the
       course of the study.

   ●  Reproducibility. The Minuteful - kidney test recorded an exact match of 100% during
       the course of the study. .

Interference. Testing of potential interfering substances with the Minuteful - kidney test was
designed and executed in accordance with guidance provided by the Clinical and Laboratory
Standards Institute (CLSI) document EP07: Interference Testing in Clinical Chemistry; Approved
Guideline – Third Edition and CLSI EP37: Supplemental Tables for Interference Testing in
Clinical Chemistry – First Edition.

Limit of Detection. Testing of the Minuteful - kidney test detection limits was designed and
executed  in accordance with guidance provided by the Clinical and Laboratory Standards
Institute (CLSI) document EP17-A2 - Evaluation of Detection Capability for Clinical Laboratory
Measurement Procedures; Approved Guidelines - Second Edition.

Linearity. The linearity study of the Minuteful - kidney test was designed and executed in
accordance with guidance provided by the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI)
document EP6-A  -  Evaluation  of  Linearity  of  Quantitative Measurement Procedures: A
Statistical Approach; Approved Guideline.

   ●  The Minuteful - kidney test measured every level of albumin, creatinine and ACR at an
      exact match of 100%.

Stability. The stability experiment was designed to evaluate the ability of the Minuteful - kidney
test  to provide accurate measurements  after exposure to environmental conditions  (e.g.

temperature, humidity and vibration), which are designed to simulate aging and transportation
conditions. This experiment was designed according to multiple International Electrotechnical
Commission  standards,  IEC  TR  60721-4-1:2001+A1:-3,  Class  2K2  and  IEC  TR
60721-4-1:2001+A1:-3, Class 2M3. The Minuteful - kidney test kits passed all tests and were
not impacted by exposure to the different environmental conditions, demonstrating stability.

Clinical Performance Testing:

Method Comparison. The Method Comparison studies were conducted in accordance with
Good Clinical Practice (GCP), according to 21 CFR Part 50, 54, 56, 812, ISO 14155-1/2 and
relevant local and national regulations (IRB committee). In addition, the Method Comparison
studies complied with CLSI EP09c: Method Comparison and Bias Estimation Using Patient
Samples; Approved Guidelines – Third Edition. The objective of the Method Comparison studies
was to evaluate the accuracy and usability performance of the Minuteful - kidney test in the
hands of the lay user.

Study Design
More than 450 subjects were recruited to the clinical trials based on their ability to provide a
urine sample and comfortably complete tasks using a smartphone. Each urine sample was
tested by a lay user on the Minuteful - kidney test app, and then transferred to a professional
user to conduct the test on the URiSCAN Optima Urine Analyzer. The professional user was
blinded to the results of the lay user until after they had completed the test using the URiSCAN
device.

Study Results - Accuracy
Results from subjects in the clinical trials were analyzed to show an exact agreement when
compared to the comparator device. The exact albumin-creatinine ratio agreement is 92.7%,
with an overall ±1 color block of 100%. Per analyte, the exact agreement for albumin is
92.1% and for creatinine 88.2%, with both overall ±1 color block of 100%. The results show
that the Minuteful - kidney test measurements are substantially equivalent to the measurements
taken by the comparator device.

Study Results - Usability
100% of subjects were able to complete the study on the first attempt, with no usability issues.

Conclusions:

The clinical and analytical performance study results demonstrate that the Minuteful - kidney
test  is  substantially equivalent to the predicate device URiSCAN Optima Urine Analyzer
(K141874).