June 11, 2021

Medtronic, Inc.
Dianna Johannson
Distinguished Regulatory Affairs Advisor
8200 Coral Sea Street NE
Mounds View, Minnesota 55112


Re: K210484
    Trade/Device Name: LINQ II Insertable Cardiac Monitor, Zelda AI ECG Classification System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1025
    Regulation Name: Arrhythmia detector and alarm (including ST-segment measurement and alarm)
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MXD
    Dated: May 11, 2021
    Received: May 12, 2021

Dear Dianna Johannson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K210484 - Dianna Johannson                                                           Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                       Jennifer W. Shih -S

                                                 Jennifer Shih Kozen
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                Diagnostics and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K210484
Device Name
LINQ II Insertable Cardiac Monitor (Model LNQ22)
Indications for Use (Describe)
The LINQ II ICM is an insertable automatically-activated and patient-activated monitoring system that records
subcutaneous ECG and is indicated in the following cases:
* patients with clinical syndromes or situations at increased risk of cardiac arrhythmias
* patients who experience transient symptoms such as dizziness, palpitation, syncope, and chest pain that may suggest a
cardiac arrhythmia
The device has not been tested specifically for pediatric use.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K210484

                                                                             Page 1 of 4

510(k) Summary
Date Prepared:     February 16, 2021
Submitter:          Medtronic, Inc.
                       Cardiovascular Diagnostics and Services
                  8200 Coral Sea Street NE
                Mounds View, MN 55112
                     Establishment Registration Number: 2182208
Contact Person:    Dianna L Johannson
                     Distinguished Regulatory Affairs Advisor
                     Cardiovascular Diagnostics and Services
                   Phone: (763) 526-2376
                    Fax:   (651) 367-0603
                    Email: dianna.johannson@medtronic.com
Alternate Contact:  Ryan Calabrese
                    Sr Regulatory Affairs Director
                     Cardiovascular Diagnostics and Services
                   Phone: (763) 526-3515
                    Fax:   (651) 367-0603
                    Email: ryan.s.calabrese@medtronic.com
General Information
Trade Name:      LINQTM II
Common Name:     Insertable Cardiac Monitor
Regulation Number: CFR 870.1025
Product Code:    MXD
Classification:       Class II
Classification Panel: Cardiovascular
Special Controls:    Class II Special Controls Guidance Document: Arrhythmia Detector and
                  Alarm
Predicate Device:   LINQ II Insertable Cardiac Monitor, Model LNQ22 (K200795)

K210484

                                                                             Page 2 of 4
Device Description
The LINQ II Insertable Cardiac Monitor (ICM) Model LNQ22 is a programmable device that
continuously monitors a patient’s ECG and other physiological parameters. The device records
cardiac information in response to automatically detected arrhythmias and patient-initiated
activation or markings. The device is designed to automatically record the occurrence of an
episode of arrhythmia in a patient. Note: Arrhythmias are classified as tachyarrhythmia,
bradyarrhythmia, pause, atrial tachyarrhythmia, or atrial fibrillation. Patients may also manually
record symptoms. In order to manually record symptoms, the patient will also need either the
MyCareLink Heart App (patient app on mobile device) or the Patient Assistant Model PA97000.
The patient can use the MyCareLink Heart App or the Patient Assistant to manually record his or
her cardiac rhythm while experiencing or immediately after a symptomatic event. LINQ II ICM
includes the following accessories: LINQ Tool Kit Model LNQ22TK, Reveal LINQ™ Mobile
Manager Model MSW002, Device Command Library Model 2692, and Instrument Command
Library Model 2691. New to the LINQ II ICM system is the Zelda AI ECG Classification
System Models ZA400, ZA410, ZA420, included in this submission.
Indications for Use
The LINQ II ICM Indications for Use remains the same as a result of this submission and are as
follows:
   The LINQ II ICM is an insertable automatically-activated and patient-activated monitoring
   system that records subcutaneous ECG and is indicated in the following cases:
       •   patients with clinical syndromes or situations at increased risk of cardiac arrhythmias
       •   patients who experience transient symptoms such as dizziness, palpitation, syncope,
         and chest pain that may suggest a cardiac arrhythmia
   The device has not been tested specifically for pediatric use.

Technological Characteristics
The LINQ II ICM consists of a hybrid substrate that is made of sapphire. The sapphire provides
part of the implantable hermetic enclosure, integrates the feedthroughs directly into the substrate,
and provides a substrate for component attachment/interconnect. The antenna and sense
electrodes are titanium foil laser bonded to the outside of the sapphire substrate and connected
directly to the embedded feedthroughs. The sense electrodes are coated with sputtered titanium
nitride. The sapphire is laser bonded to the titanium battery cover, which provides the complete
hermetic enclosure. The battery is Lithium anode, silver vanadium oxide/carbon monofluoride
cathode with a capacity of 167 mAh.
The LINQ II ICM will continue to use the same technology.  It is designed to automatically
record the occurrence of an arrhythmia in a patient, continuously sense the patient’s
subcutaneous ECG, and analyze the timing of ventricular events to detect possible episodes of
arrhythmia. The LINQ II ICM has a small form factor, and uses Sapphire, Titanium, Parylene,
and Titanium Nitride coating on the sensing electrodes as body contacting materials.

K210484

                                                                             Page 3 of 4
When compared to the predicate LINQ II ICM (K200795), the LINQ II ICM when used with the
Zelda AI ECG Classification System has the same Indications for Use, operating principle,
device technology and functionality, and biological safety.
When compared to the predicate LINQ II ICM (K200795), the LINQ II ICM differs only in its
use with the Zelda AI ECG Classification System.

Substantial Equivalence
Differences between the subject and predicate devices have been evaluated through bench testing
to provide evidence of safe and effective use. The LINQ II ICM when used with the Zelda AI
ECG Classification System is substantially equivalent to the predicate LINQ II ICM (K200795)
based on comparisons of indications for use, operating principle, device technology and
functionality, and safety.
Summary of Testing
Design verification and design validation were performed to demonstrate that the LINQ II ICM
when used with the Zelda AI ECG Classification System met both design requirements and
established performance criteria to support substantial equivalence to the predicate LINQ II ICM
(K200795).
   •  Design Verification: Software design verification was completed to ensure the design
       output meets specifications outlined in the design inputs. The Zelda ECG Classification
      System meets the functionality per the requirements and all test executions resulted in a
        status of Passed.
   •  Design Validation: Performance validation testing and analysis were completed to
       ensure the algorithms were able to reduce false alerts from ICM detected AF and Pause
       episodes while retaining true alerts. All results met or exceeded the criteria in the
       Validation Plan.
Since there were no changes to the LINQ II ICM itself, there was no development or testing
specific to the ICM; therefore, no standards are referenced for the LINQ II ICM.
The following standards were used for development and testing of the Zelda AI ECG
Classification System.
   Standard        Standard        Recognition                                                                Standard Title   Number       Organization      Number
  14971:2019                                          Medical Devices - Application of Risk                   ISO             5-125                                                   Management to Medical Devices
                                                     Medical devices - Symbols to be used with
                                                         medical device labels, labelling, and 15223-1:2016       ISO             5-117                                                         information to be supplied - Part 1: General
                                                                      requirements
                                                           Health software — Part 1: General 82304-1:2016       IEC             13-97                                                              requirements for product safety

K210484

                                                                             Page 4 of 4

   Standard        Standard        Recognition                                                                Standard Title   Number       Organization      Number
  62304:2006/                                       Medical device software - Software life cycle                   IEC             13-79 AMD 1:2015                                                           processes

                                                        Testing and Reporting Performance Results of
  EC57: 2012    ANSI/AAMI         3-118               Cardiac Rhythm and ST Segment
                                                         Measurement Algorithms

                                                   Medical electrical equipment - Part 1: General
 60601-1:2005 /                                                         requirements for basic safety and essential
   A1:2012     AAMI/ANSI          19-4                                                             performance (Clause 14)
                                                          (IEC 60601-1:2005, mod)
Predetermined Change Control Plan
The Zelda AI ECG Classification System is powered by deep-learning neural architectures for
AF and Pause detection based on the residual convolutional neural network and ensemble
models. Medtronic will make future algorithm improvements under a Predetermined Change
Control Plan (PCCP). In the plan, a protocol was provided to specify the methods to achieve and
appropriately control the risks of the anticipated types of modifications described in the Software
as a Medical Device (SaMD) Pre-specifications (SPS). The planned changes include 1) changing
the threshold, 2) re-training the algorithm on data labeled following the original protocol and
data labeled following an alternate protocol, 3) pre-training the algorithm. Assessment metrics,
acceptance criteria, and statistical methods have been described for the performance testing of
the proposed changes. Information on the deployment and post market surveillance of the
algorithm are also provided for the proposed changes.
Conclusion
The results of the testing met the design requirements and specified acceptance criteria and did
not raise new safety or performance issues. Therefore, the LINQ II ICM Model LNQ22 when
used with the Zelda AI ECG Classification System Models ZA400, ZA410, ZA420 described in
this submission results in a device that is substantially equivalent to the predicate LINQ II ICM
Model LNQ22 (K200795).
The proposed modifications in the predetermined change control plan (PCCP) of the 510(k)
submission outlined anticipated modifications to the Zelda AI ECG Classification System
Models ZA400, ZA410, ZA420, and the methods that will be utilized to implement those
modifications in a controlled and deliberate manner while maintaining safety and efficacy. In
accordance with the PCCP, market release of any modifications will only occur after the
modified algorithms are proven to achieve superior performance, increasing sensitivity and/or
specificity, while maintaining or improving other performance metrics. The PCCP does not
include provisions for implementation of adaptive algorithms that will continuously learn in the
field and all algorithm modifications will be locked prior to release to the field.