AIRS Medical Inc.                                                       October 14, 2021
℅ Jihyeon Seo
RA Manager
8-9F, CS Tower, 1838, Nambusunhwan-ro, Gwanak-gu
Seoul, Seoul 08788
SOUTH KOREA

Re: K210999
    Trade/Device Name: SwiftMR
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: August 31, 2021
    Received: September 2, 2021

Dear Jihyeon Seo:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K210999 - Jihyeon Seo                                                                Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K210999
Device Name
SwiftMR
Indications for Use (Describe)
SwiftMR is a stand-alone software solution intended to be used for acceptance, enhancement and transfer of brain MRI
images in DICOM format. It can be used for noise reduction and increasing image sharpness for non-contrast enhanced
MRI images.
SwiftMR is not intended for use on mobile devices.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K210999

                             510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with
the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

I. SUBMITTER
       Ms. Jihyeon Seo
     RA Manager
      AIRS Medical Inc.
        8-9F, CS Tower, 1838, Nambusunhwan-ro
       Gwanak-gu, Seoul, 08788, Republic of Korea
       Phone: +82-70-7777-5061
       FAX: +82-2-6280-3185
        Email: seo.kate@airsmed.com

       Date Prepared: March 29, 2021

II. DEVICE
     Name of Device: SwiftMR
     Common or Usual Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System
         Classification Name: system, image processing, radiological (21 CFR 892.2050)
       Regulatory Class: II
       Product Code: LLZ

III. PREDICATE DEVICE
       Primary Predicate Device: SubtleMR – K191688 by Subtle Medical, Inc., Class II, CFR
       892.2050, classification with product code LLZ.

IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION
       SwiftMR, is software used as a Medical Device (SaMD) consisting of a software algorithm
         that enhances images taken by MRI scanners. The device only processes DICOM
       images for the end User and is intended to be used by radiology technologists in an
       imaging center, clinic, or hospital.

      The device’s inputs are standard of care MRI images in DICOM format. The deep
        learning algorithm produces enhanced images as outputs with reduced noise and
       increased sharpness in DICOM format. The device applies both denoising and sharpness
        increase functions simultaneously.
       SwiftMR provides an automatic image quality enhancement function for MR images
        acquired in various environments. SwiftMR can only be used for professional purposes and
          is not intended for use on mobile devices.
       SwiftMR ’s automation procedure is as follows:
            •   Upload MR images that have been taken or converted to the DICOM format
            •  Image quality enhancement using Deep Learning model
            •  Download enhanced MR image as DICOM format
       There are two deep learning algorithms that should be selected by users according to the
        pulse sequences. One is for the general pulse sequences and the other is for the TOF
        pulse sequences. The two deep learning algorithms share the same network architecture,
        input data generation method, training procedures. The only difference between the two
       deep learning algorithms is the input / label dataset used for training.


                                                                           Page 1

510(k) Summary

         After integration with the  facilities PACS, SwiftMR performs image processing  in the
       background automatically. At the same time, SwiftMR allows logged-in users to use its
        functions and change product settings through the client application. When logged in as the
      System Admin, the function is available to the control automation procedure and system
       change settings. On the User side, the User can retrieve the results of image processing in
        the form of a worklist by login to the user account.
      The software provides three main functions, which are image processing, quality check and
       progress monitoring.
      The software is intended to run automatically in the background so that it does not interrupt
        the workflow of users. When the user executes MR scans and saves the images in PACS as
       he/she usually does, the newly acquired images are automatically uploaded to the server
       and registered in the database (DB) for image processing. Once image processing is
        complete, the images are sent back to PACS.
             If the user wishes to monitor this automated workflow to check on the status of image
        processing, he/she can log in to the Client App, and notifications will be received upon each
        task completion. Detailed information is also available when the main worklist is opened, and
     MR Study and/or Series in concern is selected.
     A settings menu is provided in the form of a user interface to enable users and system admin
         to modify software settings as required by the institution or respective user.

V. INDICATIONS FOR USE
       SwiftMR is a stand-alone software solution intended to be used for acceptance, enhancement
       and transfer of brain MRI images in DICOM format. It can be used for noise reduction and
        increasing image sharpness for non-contrast enhanced MRI images.
       SwiftMR is not intended for use on mobile devices.

VI. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE
   DEVICES
      The subject device and predicate are both software applications that are loaded into PACS.
       Both systems have been developed for image enhancement on DICOM images generated
       by an MRI. The subject device and the predicate device are substantially equivalent in the
       areas of general function, application, and intended use.
      Any differences between the predicate and the subject device have no negative impact on
        the device safety or efficacy and does not raise any new potential or increased safety risks
       and is equivalent in performance to existing legally marketed devices.

                       Predicate Device        Subject Device        Item                                                                  Differences                         (K191688)              (SwiftMR)
   Physical          Software device that    Same as predicate     No Difference
    Characteristics    operates on off-theshelf computer
                   hardware
   Computer         Linux Compatible      PC Compatible           Differences are basically in the
                                                                 computer operating system but also
                                                     may have some differences in the
                                                                     processor speeds, amount of RAM
                                                             memory, monitors, and hard drive
                                                               space requirements. However, the
                                                                          subject device and the predicate
                                                                      device are substantially equivalent


                                                                           Page 2

510(k) Summary

                                                                                  in the areas of technical
                                                                             characteristics, general function,
                                                                            application, and intended use and
                                                                     the computer platform differences
                                                          do not raise any new potential
                                                                        safety risks. Therefore, it is our
                                                                     determination that there is “No
                                                                 impact on safety or efficacy” and
                                                                      there are no new potential or
                                                                   increased safety risks.
DICOM         The software processes  Same as predicate     No Difference
Standard       DICOM
Compliance       compliant image data
Modalities       MRI               Same as predicate     No Difference

Image          The predicate software   SwiftMR implements an  The only difference is in how the
Enhancement     implements an image    image enhancement      neural network-based filter exists.
               enhancement algorithm   algorithm using         As for the predicate device, thereAlgorithm                  using convolutional        convolutional            are separate filters for noise
Description                  neural network-based     neural network-based     reduction and sharpness increase.
                        filtering. Original             filtering. Original       On the other hand, there are neural
                images are enhanced    images are enhanced    network-based filters that
                by running through a     by running through a      simultaneously perform both
                cascade of             cascade of                functions for the subject device.
                                                             However, the same functions, which                           filter banks, where            filter banks, where                                                                   are noise reduction and sharpness                   thresholding and          thresholding and                                                                       increase, are applied by the filters.                   scaling operations are     scaling operations are                                                                      Therefore, the difference does not                   applied. Separate         applied. Neural                                                                          raise new questions of safety or                  neural network-based    network-based filters                                                                          effectiveness.                         filters are obtained for     that simultaneously
                  noise reduction and      perform noise reduction
                 sharpness increase.     and sharpness
               The parameters of the    increase functions are
                         filters were obtained      obtained. The
                  through an image        parameters of the filters
                 guided optimization      were obtained through
                  process.               an image guided
                                              optimization process.
Workflow        The predicate software   Same as predicate     No Difference
                  operates on DICOM
                        files on the file system,
                enhances the images,
               and stores the
                enhanced images on
                  the file system. The
                    receipt of original
             DICOM image files and
                    delivery of enhanced
                images as DICOM files
                depends on other
                  software systems.
               Enhanced images coexist with the original
                 images.


                                                                        Page 3

510(k) Summary

VII. PERFORMANCE DATA
       SwiftMR, has been assessed and tested and has passed all predetermined testing criteria.
      The Validation Test Plan was designed to evaluate output functions.
        Validation testing indicated that as required by the risk analysis, designated individuals
       performed all verification and validation activities and that the results demonstrated that
        the predetermined acceptance criteria were met.

      The following tests were conducted for SwiftMR:
        1)  Verification testing: Unit test, Integration/system test conducted. These tests passed.

        2)  Validation testing: Performance test was conducted using retrospective clinical images
              for both noise reduction and sharpness increase functions.
            A.  For the noise reduction performance, acceptance criteria were defined that the
               average signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) of the SwiftMR-processed image series is
                increased by 40% or more compared to the value of the original image series.
                This test passed.
            B.  For the sharpness increase performance, acceptance criteria were defined that
                 the FWHM of a selected region of interest (ROI) is decreased by 0.13% or more
                   after applying SwiftMR for at least 90% of the test datasets. This test passed.

        Therefore, it was demonstrated that SwiftMR performance was shown to be substantially
        equivalent to the predicate device.


VIII. CONCLUSION
      The information presented in the 510(k) for SwiftMR contains adequate information, data,
       and nonclinical test results to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the predicate device.
       SwiftMR was shown to be substantially equivalent to the predicate device in the areas of
        technical  characteristics, general  function,  application, and does not raise  different
        questions of safety and effectiveness.


                                                                           Page 4