June 8, 2021

Abbott Medical
Steve Vitale
Regulatory Affairs Project Manager
4 Robbins Road
Westford, Massachusetts 01886


Re: K210458
    Trade/Device Name: OPTIS™ Mobile Next Imaging System, OPTIS™ Integrated Next Imaging
                      System with Ultreon™ Software 1.0
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1560
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic Pulsed Echo Imaging System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: NQQ, DQK, DSK
    Dated: May 6, 2021
    Received: May 7, 2021

Dear Steve Vitale:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K210458 - Steve Vitale                                                                Page 2


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                                                               Digitally signed by
                                               Marco Cannella -S
                                       Aneesh Deoras
                                           Acting Assistant Director
                                 DHT2A: Division of Cardiac
                                                 Electrophysiology, Diagnostics
                                           and Monitoring Devices
                                  OHT2: Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K210458

Device Name
OPTIS™ Mobile Next Imaging System, OPTIS™ Integrated Next Imaging System with Ultreon™ Software 1.0.


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Ultreon™ 1.0 Software is intended to be used only with compatible OPTIS™ Next Imaging Systems.
The OPTIS Next Imaging System with a compatible Dragonfly™ OPTIS™ Imaging Catheter or Dragonfly OpStar™
Imaging Catheter is intended for the imaging of coronary arteries and is indicated in patients who are candidates for
transluminal interventional procedures. The Dragonfly OPTIS Imaging Catheter or Dragonfly OpStar Imaging Catheter is
intended for use in vessels 2.0 to 3.5 mm in diameter. The Dragonfly OPTIS Imaging Catheter or Dragonfly OpStar
Imaging Catheter is not intended for use in the left main coronary artery or in a target vessel which has undergone a
previous bypass procedure.
The OPTIS Next Imaging System is intended for use in the catheterization and related cardiovascular specialty
laboratories and will further compute and display various physiological parameters based on the output from one or more
electrodes, transducers, or measuring devices. The physician may use the acquired physiological parameters, along with
knowledge of patient history, medical expertise, and clinical judgment to determine if therapeutic intervention is
indicated.


The OPTIS™ Mobile Next and OPTIS™ Integrated Next with a compatible Dragonfly™ OPTIS™ or Dragonfly™
OpStar™ Imaging Catheter is intended for the imaging of coronary arteries and is indicated in patients who are candidates
for transluminal interventional procedures. The Dragonfly OPTIS or Dragonfly OpStar Imaging Catheter is intended for
use in vessels 2.0 to 3.5 mm in diameter. The Dragonfly OPTIS or Dragonfly OpStar Imaging Catheter is not intended for
use in the left main coronary artery or in a target vessel which has undergone a previous bypass procedure.
The OPTIS Mobile Next and OPTIS™ Integrated Next is intended for use in the catheterization and related
cardiovascular specialty laboratories and will further compute and display various physiological parameters based on the
output from one or more electrodes, transducers, or measuring devices. The physician may use the acquired physiological
parameters, along with knowledge of patient history, medical expertise, and clinical judgment to determine if therapeutic
intervention is indicated.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                          Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K210458


510(K) SUMMARY
                                       510(k) Summary
                                   Per 21 CFR §807.92
 510(k) Number   K210458
 Date Prepared   May 6, 2021
 Submitter         Abbott Medical
 Name &          4 Robbins Road
 Address           Westford, MA, 01886
                    Steven Vitale
 Contact Person   (m) 612-214-9102
                     steve.vitale@abbott.com
                    Jose Marquez Alternative                  (m) 978-846-2640
 Contact Person                   jose.marquez1@abbott.com
 Proprietary /    OPTIS™ Mobile Next Imaging System, OPTIS™ Integrated Next Imaging System
 Trade Name      with Ultreon™ Software 1.0
 Common /       OPTIS Next
 Usual Name
 Product           Product Code: NQQ
 Classification
 Product          21 CFR 892.1560
 Regulation       21 CFR 870.1425
 Number         21 CFR 870.1110

 Device Class        II

 Predicate         K192019: Dragonfly Opstar™ Imaging Catheter, AptiVue™ Software version E.5.1,
 Device             cleared November 8, 2019

                 The OPTIS™ Next Imaging System is comprised of two devices providing the same set
                      of features:
                    •  The OPTIS™ Mobile Next Imaging System is comprised of a cart-mounted
                         personal computer, imaging engine, and power supply that are placed inside an
                         ergonomically designed mobile cart. This system includes a keyboard, display Device                         monitors, mouse, tableside controller, and a Drive-motor and Optical Controller
 Description         (DOC).
                    •  The OPTIS™ Integrated Next is comprised of a PC, imaging engine, and power
                        supply that are housed in stationary cabinet which is located in the clinic/hospital
                       equipment closet of a catheter lab. The tableside controller, DOC and DOC Holster
                          are located in the procedure room, and the keyboard, display monitor, and mouse
                          are located in the control room.


                                                                                           Page 1 of 7

K210458


                  With the Ultreon™ 1.0 software application, these systems perform Optical Coherence
                Tomography (OCT) imaging of coronary arteries using compatible Dragonfly imaging
                      catheters. Resting Full-cycle Ratio (RFR), Fractional Flow Reserve (FFR), and Pd/Pa
                        at rest physiological waveforms are also measured by the system to assess the severity
                     of a coronary lesion by measuring the pressure drop across the lesion (distal vs
                   proximal pressure). The physician may use the RFR or FFR parameter, along with
                  knowledge of patient history, medical expertise, and clinical judgment to determine if
                      therapeutic intervention is indicated.

                    Indications for Use (Software)
                The Ultreon™ 1.0 Software is intended to be used only with compatible OPTIS™ Next
                  Imaging Systems.

                The OPTIS Next Imaging System with a compatible Dragonfly™ OPTIS™ Imaging
                     Catheter or Dragonfly OpStar™ Imaging Catheter is intended for the imaging of
                   coronary arteries and is indicated in patients who are candidates for transluminal
                      interventional procedures. The Dragonfly OPTIS Imaging Catheter or Dragonfly
                  OpStar Imaging Catheter is intended for use in vessels 2.0 to 3.5 mm in diameter. The
                   Dragonfly OPTIS Imaging Catheter or Dragonfly OpStar Imaging Catheter is not
                    intended for use in the left main coronary artery or in a target vessel which has
                  undergone a previous bypass procedure.

                The OPTIS Next Imaging System is intended for use in the catheterization and related
                     cardiovascular specialty laboratories and will further compute and display various
Indications for     physiological parameters based on the output from one or more electrodes, transducers,
Use / Intended      or measuring devices. The physician may use the acquired physiological parameters,
Use                along with knowledge of patient history, medical expertise, and clinical judgment to
                    determine if therapeutic intervention is indicated.

                    Indications for Use (capital equipment hardware)
                The OPTIS™ Mobile Next [and OPTIS™ Integrated Next] with a compatible
                 Dragonfly™ OPTIS™ or Dragonfly™ OpStar™ Imaging Catheter is intended for the
                   imaging of coronary arteries and is indicated in patients who are candidates for
                     transluminal interventional procedures. The Dragonfly OPTIS or Dragonfly OpStar
                  Imaging Catheter is intended for use in vessels 2.0 to 3.5 mm in diameter. The
                   Dragonfly OPTIS or Dragonfly OpStar Imaging Catheter is not intended for use in the
                           left main coronary artery or in a target vessel which has undergone a previous bypass
                    procedure.
                The OPTIS Mobile Next [and OPTIS™ Integrated Next] is intended for use in the
                      catheterization and related cardiovascular specialty laboratories and will further
                 compute and display various physiological parameters based on the output from one or
                more electrodes, transducers, or measuring devices. The physician may use the


                                                                                          Page 2 of 7

K210458


                    acquired physiological parameters, along with knowledge of patient history, medical
                      expertise, and clinical judgment to determine if therapeutic intervention is indicated.
                The OPTIS™ Next Imaging System with Ultreon™ Software version 1.0 is equivalent
                      to the predicate OPTIS™ Imaging System with AptiVue™ Software version E.5.1
                  (K192019) in terms of intended use, indications for use, operational characteristics,
                   fundamental design, and technological characteristics. Changes to technological
                      characteristics of the device do not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness.
                                          Predicate Device:             Proposed Device:
                               OPTIS System with      OPTIS Next Imaging System                     Feature                            AptiVue™ Software Version   with Ultreon Software version
                                            E.5.1 (K192019)                        1.0
                 Intended Use   The AptiVue™ E-series        The Ultreon™ 1.0 Software is
                                    software is intended for use only  intended to be used only with
                                    with compatible OPTIS™        compatible OPTIS™ Next
                                   imaging systems. OPTIS™      Imaging Systems.
                                   imaging systems are intended
                                        for use in the catheterization and
                                          related cardiovascular specialty
                                          laboratories.
                    Indications for  The AptiVue™ E series        The OPTIS Next Imaging System
                 Use             software is intended to be used    with a compatible Dragonfly™
                                     only with compatible OPTIS™                                              OPTIS™ Imaging Catheter or
                                   imaging systems.Comparison of                                                    Dragonfly OpStar™ Imaging                              The OPTIS imaging systemSubject to                                                             Catheter is intended for the                                    with a compatible Dragonfly™
Predicate Device                                                  imaging of coronary arteries and                                   imaging catheter is intended for
                                       the imaging of coronary arteries   is indicated in patients who are
                                 and is indicated in patients who   candidates for transluminal
                                       are candidates for transluminal                                                                             interventional procedures. The
                                         interventional procedures. The                                                                  Dragonfly OPTIS Imaging
                                    compatible Dragonfly™                                                                       Catheter or Dragonfly OpStar                                   imaging catheters are intended
                                                               Imaging Catheter is intended for                                        for use in vessels 2.0 to 3.5 mm
                                             in diameter. The compatible      use in vessels 2.0 to 3.5 mm in
                                Dragonfly™ imaging catheters    diameter. The Dragonfly OPTIS
                                       are not intended for use in the    Imaging Catheter or Dragonfly
                                                  left main coronary artery or in a                                                               OpStar Imaging Catheter is not
                                          target vessel which has                                                                       intended for use in the left main                                  undergone a previous bypass                                                                 coronary artery or in a target                                     procedure.
                                                                        vessel which has undergone a                              The OPTIS imaging system is
                                      intended for use in the            previous bypass procedure.
                                         catheterization and related      The OPTIS Next Imaging System
                                      cardiovascular specialty              is intended for use in the
                                          laboratories and will further                                                                             catheterization and related
                                compute and display various                                                                       cardiovascular specialty                                       physiological parameters based
                                                                             laboratories and will further                                on the output from one or more


                                                                                          Page 3 of 7

K210458


                   electrodes, transducers, or       compute and display various
                measuring devices. The           physiological parameters based
                 physician may use the acquired                                          on the output from one or more
                  physiological parameters, along                                                      electrodes, transducers, or                with knowledge of patient                                              measuring devices. The physician                   history, medical expertise and
                     clinical judgment to determine   may use the acquired
                           if therapeutic intervention is       physiological parameters, along
                   indicated.                      with knowledge of patient
                                                        history, medical expertise, and
                                                           clinical judgment to determine if
                                                     therapeutic intervention is
                                                       indicated.


Measurement  OCT recordings, FFR, Pd/Pa at  OCT recordings, FFR, Pd/Pa at
& Display         rest, and RFR physiological        rest, and RFR physiological
Features       waveforms                  waveforms
Design        N/A                             Modifications to the Ultreon 1.0
Modifications                                  software have been made to
                                                    include automated morphology
                                              assessment of External Elastic
                                           Lamina (EEL) and calcium,
                                                     display of live angiography
                                              imagery on the OPTIS Next
                                             Imaging System display
                                                  monitors, and user interface
                                                guided workflows for image data
                                                      acquisition and review. Software
                                                 updates were made to the
                                                  following existing features:
                                              •  OCT image color map
                                              •  OCT pullback auto-trigger
                                              •   Angio co-registration
                                              •   Vessel sizing
                                              •   Stent analysis
                                              •   Stent expansion
                                              •   Cybersecurity
                                             Software design verification and
                                                        validation testing have been
                                             performed which concludes these
                                                   modifications demonstrate claims
                                                   of substantial equivalence to the
                                              AptiVue E.5.1 software.
             OPTIS Mobile, OPTIS       OPTIS Mobile Next, OPTIS
Feature         Integrated Hardware          Integrated Next Hardware
                 (Predicate)                    (Proposed)


                                                                      Page 4 of 7

K210458


Indications for  The OPTIS™ mobile system    The OPTIS™ Mobile Next [and
Use             [and OPTIS™ integrated      OPTIS™ Integrated Next] with a
                system] with a compatible        compatible Dragonfly™
               Dragonfly™ imaging catheter is  OPTIS™ or Dragonfly™
                  intended for the imaging of      OpStar™ Imaging Catheter is
                coronary arteries and is           intended for the imaging of
                   indicated in patients who are     coronary arteries and is indicated
                  candidates for transluminal        in patients who are candidates for
                   interventional procedures. The    transluminal interventional
                Dragonfly imaging catheter is     procedures. The Dragonfly
                  intended for use in vessels 2.0 to  OPTIS or Dragonfly OpStar
                 3.5 mm in diameter. The        Imaging Catheter is intended for
                Dragonfly imaging catheter is    use in vessels 2.0 to 3.5 mm in
                 not intended for use in the left     diameter. The Dragonfly OPTIS
               main coronary artery or in a      or Dragonfly OpStar Imaging
                   target vessel which has           Catheter is not intended for use in
                undergone a previous bypass      the left main coronary artery or in
                 procedure.                     a target vessel which has
              The OPTIS mobile system [and   undergone a previous bypass
             OPTIS integrated system] is      procedure.
                  intended for use in the         The OPTIS Mobile Next [and
                   catheterization and related      OPTIS Integrated Next] is
                  cardiovascular specialty          intended for use in the
                   laboratories and will further       catheterization and related
               compute and display various      cardiovascular specialty
                  physiological parameters based   laboratories and will further
               on the output from one or more   compute and display various
                   electrodes, transducers, or        physiological parameters based
                measuring devices. The         on the output from one or more
                 physician may use the acquired    electrodes, transducers, or
                  physiological parameters, along  measuring devices. The physician
                with knowledge of patient      may use the acquired
                   history, medical expertise, and    physiological parameters, along
                     clinical judgment to determine    with knowledge of patient
                           if therapeutic intervention is       history, medical expertise, and
                   indicated.                            clinical judgment to determine if
                                                     therapeutic intervention is
                                                       indicated.
Design        N/A                             Modifications to the OPTIS
Modifications                                  Mobile Next, OPTIS Integrated
                                            Next Hardware have been made
                                                      to support of the computational
                                                  speed, display, electrical
                                                compliance, and cybersecurity
                                                 requirements of the system.
                                              •   Graphics processing unit
                                              •  Memory
                                              •  Power supply
                                              •  Main motherboard and CPU
                                              •   Solid-state drive storage


                                                                      Page 5 of 7

K210458


                                                                 •   Trusted Platform Module
                                                         (TPM) chip supporting
                                                                          cybersecurity
                                                                 •   Ferrites added to the USBover-Ethernet Extender Cable
                                                                Design verification and validation
                                                                               testing has been performed which
                                                                  concludes these modifications
                                                                  demonstrate claims of substantial
                                                                      equivalence to the OPTIS
                                                                      Mobile, OPTIS Integrated
                                                                Hardware.
                      Verification and Validation testing were completed to demonstrate safety and
                     effectiveness and ensure that the subject device performs as intended. Design
                       verification and validation included the following:
                   •   Software Verification and Validation – performed to ensure that the subject
                    device meets requirements and functions as intended
                   •  Human Factors -Summative Usability Study – performed to demonstrate that the
                   updated user interface, 1) does not trigger any serious harm based on use error or useSummary on
                   problems, for the intended uses, and under the expected use conditions; and, 2) showsNon-Clinical                 no pattern of use errors or problems that could result in serious harm and that could beTesting                     eliminated or reduced through further modification of the user interface, device
                        labeling, or user training.
                   •   Hardware/System/packaging Verification – performed to demonstrate that the
               OPTIS Next Imaging System products and packaging meet specifications, are
                     appropriate for their intended use, and do not raise new questions of safety or
                      effectiveness.

              No new clinical testing was completed, nor relied upon, in support of this Traditional
                    510(k). However, clinical analysis of published literature was used to support a labeling
                  change to reflect the resting full cycle ratio (RFR) cut-off of 0.89

                  RFR Interpretation
                  RFR Value              Interpretation 1,2
                  RFR ≤ 0.89               Indicates that a lesion is hemodynamically  significant.

                  RFR > 0.89               Indicates that a lesion is not hemodynamically  significant.
                  RFR has been validated for clinical accuracy and outcomes in over 2,500 patients  1-6. Multiple
Summary of                        peer-review ed publications demonstrate the equivalence of RFR to other non-hyperemic
Clinical Testing      pressure ratios (NHPR). IRIS-FFR and 3V FFR-FRIENDS  studies compared  all NHPRs and
                       concluded that all have the same class effect and are broadly equivalent in terms of diagnostic
                     and prognostic performance 3-5. Therefore, RFR-guided  treatment at a cut-off of 0.89 is
                          equivalent to other NHPR-guided  treatment.
                     The above RFR dichotomous cut-off of 0.89 represents a threshold for lesions indicative of
                       hemodynamically  significant. An RFR of 0.89 is, therefore, equivalent to an FFR of 0.80 as a
                         threshold for ischemia detection.

                       References:
                            1. Svanerud et. al. Validation of a novel non-hyperaemic index of coronary artery stenosis
                           severity: the Resting Full-cycle Ratio (VALIDATE RFR) study. EuroIntervention 2018;
                          14(7): 806-814.
                            2. Kumar et. al. Real w orld validation of the nonhyperemic index of coronary artery stenosis


                                                                                          Page 6 of 7

K210458


                          severity-Resting full-cycle ratio-RE-VALIDATE.  Catheter Cardiovasc Interv. 2020;
                          96(1): E53-E58.
                            3. Lee et. al. Physiologic and Clinical Assessment of Resting Physiologic Indices. Circulation
                       2019; 139:889-900.
                            4. Ahn J et al. Fractional Flow Reserve and Cardiac Events in Coronary Artery Disease.
                             Circulation. 2017 Jun 6; 135(23): 2241-2251.
                            5. Lee et al. Clinical Outcome of Lesions w ith Discordant Results Among Different Invasive
                          Physiologic Indices. Circulation J 2019; 83: 2210-2221.
                            6. Jeremias et al. RFR: A Novel Physiologic Index Compared  to FFR.


                 As demonstrated by risk management activities, software verification, and HFE
                       usability study testing the proposed OPTIS Next Imaging System does not raise new
                     questions of safety or effectiveness, as compared to the predicate device, meets
                    requirements, supports claims of substantial equivalence, and is acceptable for use.
                    Modifications to the software of the device do no raise new questions of safety or
Statement of        effectiveness.
Equivalence       As demonstrated by risk management activities, hardware/system verification, and
                        electrical compliance testing the proposed OPTIS Next Imaging System does not raise
                new questions of safety or effectiveness, as compared to the predicate device, meets
                    requirements, supports claims of substantial equivalence, and is acceptable for use.
                    Modifications to the hardware of the device do no raise new questions of safety or
                      effectiveness.


                                                                                          Page 7 of 7