March 4, 2022
Pearl Inc.
℅ Zvi Ladin, Ph.D.
Principal
Boston MedTech Advisors
990 Washington Street, Suite #204
Dedham MA 02026


Re: K210365
    Trade/Device Name: Second Opinion®
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2070
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Analyzer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MYN
    Dated: January 20, 2022
    Received: January 24, 2022


Dear Zvi Ladin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K210365 - Zvi Ladin                                                                  Page 2


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,

                                                                         Digitally signed by
                                                                  Laurel M. Burk -S
                                                                Date: 2022.03.04
                                                                12:12:32 -05'00'
                                             Laurel Burk
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-ray Systems Team
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K210365
Device Name
Second Opinion®
Indications for Use (Describe)
Second Opinion® is a computer aided detection ("CADe”) software to identify and mark regions in relation to suspected
dental findings which include Caries, Discrepancy at the margin of an existing restoration, Calculus, Periapical
radiolucency, Crown (metal, including zirconia & non-metal), Filling (metal & non-metal), Root canal, Bridge and
Implants.
It is designed to aid dental health professionals to review bitewing and periapical radiographs of permanent teeth in
patients 12 years of age or older as a second reader.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

Pearl, Inc.


                    510(K) SUMMARY    K210365

1. Submitter's Identification
Pearl Inc.
2515 Benedict Canyon Dr.
Beverly Hills, CA, 90210
USA
(239) 450-8829

Contact Person: Bill Birdsall

Position: Chief Compliance Officer

Date Summary Prepared: March 2, 2022

2. Trade Name of the Device
Second Opinion®

3. Common or Usual Name
Analyzer, Medical Image

4. Classification Name, Regulatory Classification & Product Code
Classification Name:      Analyzer, Medical Image
Regulatory Classification: 21CFR 892.2070, Class II
Product Code:        MYN

5. Predicate Device Information
Predicate device: Logicon Caries Detection by Carestream Dental LLC. (P980025 &
Supplements 1, 2, 3 & 4)

6. Device Description
Second Opinion® is a computer aided detection ("CADe”) software device indicated for use
by dental health professionals as an aid in their assessment of bitewing and periapical
radiographs of permanent teeth in patients 12 years of age or older. Second Opinion®
employs computer vision technology, developed using machine learning techniques, to
detect and draw attention as second reader to regions on bitewing and periapical
radiographs where distinct pathologic and/or nonpathologic dental features may appear.


                                                                 Page 1 of 10

Pearl, Inc.

 Second Opinion® consists of three parts:
   ●  In-office application or Client User Interface (“Client”)
   ●  Application Programing Interface (“API”)
   ●  Computer Vision Models (“CV Model”, “CV Models”)

 The Client resides in the clinician’s office. The API and CV Models reside in a cloud
 computing platform, where image processing takes place.

 The CV Models create and append to a metadata file information denoting pixel regions
 and other associated properties of each radiograph. Those associated properties include:

   ●  Normal anatomy (e.g., Teeth)
   ●  Nine radiological dental findings, which include five restorations (crowns, bridges,
        implants, root canals, fillings) and four pathologies (caries, margin discrepancy –
      MD, calculus, periapical radiolucency – PR)

 The API delivers the metadata back to Second Opinion® via the cloud. The metadata
 information is displayed in graphical form to clinical users by way of the Second Opinion®
 Client’s user interface.

 7. Indications for Use
 Second Opinion® is a computer aided detection ("CADe”) software to identify and mark
 regions in relation to suspected dental findings which include Caries, Discrepancy at the
 margin  of an  existing  restoration, Calculus, Periapical radiolucency, Crown (metal,
 including zirconia & non-metal), Filling (metal & non-metal), Root canal, Bridge and
 Implants.

 It  is designed to aid dental health professionals to review bitewing and periapical
 radiographs of permanent teeth in patients 12 years of age or older as a second reader.

8. Summary of Substantial Equivalence:
 The predicate device and candidate device are similar CADe devices in the following ways:

    1) Intended use: Both devices are intended to be used to aid dental clinicians in their
        detection of pathologic dental features in radiographs of permanent teeth.
    2) Technology characteristics: Both devices employ computer vision and machine
        learning to output detections.
    3) Safety: As both the candidate and predicate device are CADe systems, neither pose
      any direct safety hazard to the patient.
    4)  Clinical  Performance: Both  devices have undergone  clinical  studies  which
       demonstrate  statistically significant improvement in aided reader performance.
       However, due to technological differences (e.g., the need to mark the region of
        interest by the user of the predicate device), there are challenges for a direct
        technological and performance comparison with the predicate device.


                                                                  Page 2 of 10

Pearl, Inc.

For substantial equivalence comparison, the follow table is provided:

                                                    Predicate Device:                        Candidate device:       Item                                     Logicon Caries            Comments                      Second Opinion®                                                  Detection (P980025)
  Manufacturer      Pearl Inc.                    Carestream Dental LLC      N/A

  Classification     892.2070                    892.2070              Same
  Product Code   MYN                 MYN                 Same (Product code MYN
                                                               was recently
                                                                                          reclassified to class II)
  Image Modality    Radiograph                  Radiograph            Same
  Intended Use     To aid in clinical detection of   To aid in clinical         Same indication as
                     pathologic and/or non-          detection of pathologic       predicate device as both
                     pathologic dental features in     features in                 devices are intended to
                    radiographs                   radiographs of adult teeth     identify pathologic features
                       of permanent teeth, as a                                            in dental radiographs.
                  second reader, only after the
                             initial read is completed
  Indications for    Second Opinion® is a         The Logicon Caries
  Use             computer aided detection       Detector is a software
                   ("CADe”) software to           device that is an aid in the
                        identify and mark regions in     diagnosis of caries that
                       relation to suspected dental    have penetrated into the
                      findings which include           dentin, on un- restored
                     Caries, Discrepancy at the      proximal surfaces of
                   margin of an existing          secondary dentition
                       restoration, Calculus,           through the statistical
                      Periapical radiolucency,         analysis of digital intraoral
                Crown (metal, including         radiographic imagery. The
                      zirconia & non-metal),          device provides additional
                         Filling (metal & non- metal),     information for the
                  Root canal, Bridge and           clinician to use in his/her
                     Implants. It is designed to       diagnosis of a tooth
                     aid dental health               surface suspected of
                     professionals to review         being carious. It is
                     bitewing and periapical         designed to work in
                    radiographs of permanent       conjunction with an
                     teeth in patients 12 years of     existing Carestream
                 age or older as a second       Dental RVG digital x-ray
                     reader.                         radiographic system with
                                              Carestream Dental
                                               Imaging Software
                                                   (DIS/CSI) for WINDOWS
                                           7 or higher.


                                                                 Page 3 of 10

Pearl Inc.


  Intended body part  Dental                      Dental                Same as predicate device

  Intended User       Dental Clinicians             Dental Clinicians         Same as predicate
                                                                              device

  Marker            Bounding boxes /           User may mark ROI with V
  Type/Size          Fixed                            tool (to select a pie-wedge
                                                shape: narrow end at the
                                                    center of the tooth, wide
                                           end extending through
                                                   surface over the
                                                   suspicious region)
                                                      or the pencil tool to draw
                                                    the ROIs.
  Prescription        For Prescription Use         For Prescription Use       Same
  or OTC
  Algorithm             Utilizes computer vision        Utilizes computer vision     Same
                      neural network algorithms,    neural network algorithms
                    developed from open-source  developed using proprietary
                   models using supervised      techniques.
                   machine learning
                      techniques.

  Reader           Second reader workflow     The user can select specific
  workflow                                         regions of interest (ROI) to
                                           be analyzed by the
                                             program

  Clinical Study        Standalone study for        • MRMC study for two          All devices included
                         pathological (Caries,         types of dental caries:    MRMC studies to assess
                       discrepancy at the           approximal/enamel into      effectiveness.
                       margin, calculus, and         dentin
                          periapical radiolucency)     • Analysis included: ROC
                    and non-pathologic           analysis for primary
                         feature detection             endpoints
                      performance (Crowns,
                                 fillings, root canal,
                         bridges, and Implants).
                       • Multiple-Reader,
                        Multiple-Case
                  (MRMC) study for
                        pathologic dental
                         features
                       • Analysis included:
                                 • wAFROC-FOM
                           analysis for
                          primary endpoints
                                 • Determination of
                           the changes in
                               sensitivity and
                       change in number
                              of false positive

                                                                 Page 4 of 10

Pearl Inc.

                             dental pathologies
                               of a given type per
                        image (FPPI).
   Image Source      Accepts image formats       Limited to                      Different
                      from RVG, DICOM,          Carestream
                   JPEG, TIFF,                   proprietary
                    and PNG and                radiography
                       converts to JPEG.           equipment.


   Type of         CADe                CADe                 Same
   Device
   Hardware       WINDOWS 7 or higher     WINDOWS 7 or          Same
   Requirements                                    higher
   Analysis of digital    Bitewing & Periapical         Bitewing only                  Similar
    intraoral
   radiographic
   imagery
            Table 1. Comparison of Second Opinion® with the predicate device

9. Technological Comparison to Predicate Device
 The fundamental technological principle for both the candidate and predicate devices is
 the automatic computerized lesion detection of the dental finding of interest, as an aid to
 dental health professionals to review patients’ dental radiographs.

 The candidate and predicate devices are technologically equivalent as follows:

    •  Both are software devices designed to run on Windows operating systems.
    •  Both devices are designed to process digital intraoral bitewing radiographs.
    •  Both devices use neural network-based computer vision algorithms for lesion
        detection.
    •  Both devices demarcate detections within the user interface with a graphical
       overlay on the radiograph.
    •  Both devices produce near-instantaneous detection results.
    •  Both devices are considered to be of “moderate” level of software concern.
    •  Both devices passed all verification and validation testing requirements.

The candidate and predicate devices are technologically different as follows:
    •  The candidate device includes computer vision algorithms capable of detecting other
        dental features in addition to carious lesions.
    •  The candidate device includes computer vision algorithms capable of making
        detections in periapical radiographs in addition to bitewing radiographs
    •  The candidate device uses a cloud-based rather than CD-ROM method of software
         installation
    •  The candidate device is capable of making detections in images captured on

                                                                  Page 5 of 10

Pearl Inc.

       radiography devices from a range of manufacturers, rather than in conjunction only
        with a Carestream digital imaging device.
    •  The candidate device outputs detections as a second reader only and physician
      needs to make final determinations. The user does not select specific regions of
        interest (ROI) to be analyzed by the program
    •  The candidate device does not predict lesion depth or severity.

 10. Assessment  of  Benefit-Risk,  Safety  and  Effectiveness,  and
 Substantial Equivalence to Predicate Device:
Pearl has demonstrated the benefits of the device through a standalone and MRMC clinical
studies of aided and unaided reader accuracy across the four pathologic features included in
Second Opinion®’s Indications for Use: caries, margin discrepancy, calculus, and periapical
radiolucency. While detection accuracy improvement between aided and undead readers
were seen to vary by pathologic feature, the results of the MRMC studies showed statistically
significant aided-reader improvement  in detection accuracy across  all four pathologic
features. When the probable benefits and probable risks of Second Opinion® are weighed
against one another, the weight of benefits  significantly exceeds that of  risks. This
judgement can be made based on review of the submitted materials showing that Second
Opinion® meets the design verification and validation and labeling Special Controls required
for clearance of Class  II medical image analyzers.  It  is, thus, concluded that Second
Opinion® can be considered safe and effective such that the device will aid users in the
indicated user population in their radiographic detection of certain abnormal dental features.
 11. Discussion of Non-Clinical Tests Performed
 The device is a software-only device, so most testable characteristics common to other
 device types, including Biocompatibility/Materials, Shelf  Life/Sterility, Electromagnetic
 Compatibility and Electrical Safety, Magnetic Resonance (MR) Compatibility, are not
 applicable to this device.
 Software Verification and Validation Testing
 Second Opinion® verification testing of software, unit testing, software integration testing,
 and software system testing were conducted. Verification and validation activities for
 Second Opinion® were conducted to provide evidence that the design meets user needs,
 intended use and application specification. The testing results support that all the software
 specifications have met the acceptance criteria and the claims of substantial equivalence.
12. Discussion of Clinical Tests Performed
Clinical evaluation of Second Opinion® was performed to validate the clinical efficacy of the
system in helping dentists review four dental pathologies (caries, margin discrepancy,
calculus, and periapical radiolucency) on intra oral radiographs. Second Opinion® was
clinically tested as a standalone device and in a fully-crossed multi-reader multi-case
(MRMC) reader study.

The Weighted Alternative Free-Response Receiver Operating Characteristic (wAFROC)
paradigm was used as the metric of efficacy for all studies. The ground truth (GT) was
assessed using the consensus approach (based on agreement among at least three out of

                                                                  Page 6 of 10

Pearl Inc.

four expert readers). Each GT expert independently marked areas on any radiograph
wherein they marked (using the smallest possible rectangular bounding box to encompass
the entire region identified) and identified the pathologic and/or non-pathologic features. All
experts went through the training and reading of the images over the same period of time.
The studies were conducted as retrospective, unblinded open-label, multi-site trials that
produced clinically useful information on the potential application of this device in a dental
office setting. 2,010 images reviewed by all four GT readers were used for the standalone
and MRMC studies:

                           Feature             Caries  MD   Calculus  PR
               # of normal radiographs           1,640   1,741  1,766     1,887
               # of lesion-containing radiographs  370    269    244      123
              Number of lesions               655    355    467      144
               Average # of lesions/image        1.77     1.32   1.91       1.17

                   Table 2. Images reviewed by all four GT readers

Standalone Testing

In the standalone study, the Second Opinion® CADe exhibited comparable performance to
unaided readers in detecting four pathologic features and five restorations based on Jaccard
Index (JI) of ≥ 0.4 for LL (Lesion Localization). This value of JI optimized lesion localization
of unaided readers and was also used to process the Standalone performance of the
candidate device. Use of other values of JI will clearly affect the overall performance of the
product.

   •  Jaccard Index of 0.4 corresponds to an overlap area between the device’s outputs
     and truth of 57% in theory. Using Jaccard Index of 0.4 leads to the device’s
      standalone performance wAFROC-FOM 95% CI (0.73, 0.79), (0.71, 0.78), (0.78,
       0.85) and (0.75,0.84) for Caries, MD, Calculus, and PR with consensus truthing
      method, respectively.

   •  Jaccard Index of 0.5 corresponds to an overlap area between the device’s outputs
     and truth of 67% in theory. Using Jaccard Index of 0.5 leads to the device’s
      standalone performance wAFROC-FOM 95% CI (0.61, 0.68), (0.62, 0.68), (0.75,
       0.81) and (0.69,0.78) for Caries, MD, Calculus, and PR with consensus truthing
      method, respectively.

Product’s standalone sensitivity and false positive rate were also assessed. Sensitivity is
defined as the number of dental pathologies (of a given type) detected as a percentage of
the same type GT pathologies on a given slide. The false positive rate is defined as the
number of false positive findings of a given type identified on a given slide and expressed
in terms of FPPI (false positive per image).


                                                                  Page 7 of 10

Pearl Inc.

The standalone sensitivity of the product was in the range of 76.39% – 89.77% and the
false positive rate was in the range of 0.46 – 4.85.

MRMC Testing and Results
Pearl conducted a fully-crossed multi-reader, multi-case (MRMC) retrospective reader study
to determine the impact of Second Opinion® on reader performance in detecting four dental
pathologies. The primary objective of the study was to determine whether the detection
accuracy of readers aided by Second Opinion® is superior to the detection accuracy of
readers unaided by Second Opinion®.

Twenty-five readers were asked to determine the locations of all identified (i.e., classified)
lesions, in a setting designed to increase user specificity in detection. Each reader read a
total of 2,010 images – 1,005 images unaided and 1,005 images aided (using Second
Opinion®).

The performance of readers aided by the use of Second Opinion® demonstrated statistically
significant improvement over the performance of unaided readers  for caries, margin
discrepancy, calculus, and periapical radiolucency.

Moreover, the improvement in sensitivity of a single dental finding was in the range of 0.9%–
11.7% and examination of the individual improvement in sensitivity documented that:
             •     17/25 (68%) improved the sensitivity of detecting Caries
             •     19/25 (76%) improved the sensitivity of detecting MD
             •     22/25 (88%) improved the sensitivity of detecting Calculus
             •     25/25 (100%) improved the sensitivity of detecting PR
The improvement in false positive rate of a single dental pathology was in the range of
0.08 – 0.136. Examination of the individual improvements in the rate of FPPI documented
that:
             •     23/25 (92%) improved the rate of FPPI for Caries
             •     24/25 (96%) improved the rate of FPPI for MD
             •     25/25 (100%) improved the rate of FPPI for Calculus
             •     9/25 (36%) improved the rate of FPPI for PR
No statistically significant reductions in performance were observed when readers used
Second Opinion® as an assistive aid. All pathologies met the pre-specified endpoints for
the MRMC study.
The results have demonstrated that, in a significant portion of the target population,
detection performances using the proposed device improved with statistical significance.
Therefore, the proposed device could provide potential assistance for dentists in the review of
dental pathologies found in intra oral radiographs when used as a second read.

13. Comparison to Predicate Clinical Outcomes
 Predicate Device: Logicon Caries Detection by Carestream Dental LLC.
 The predicate device’s clinical study was based on a dataset of 175 tooth surfaces and

                                                                  Page 8 of 10

Pearl Inc.

 18 readers. The primary endpoint was to  determine the  device’s effect  on reader
 sensitivity (true positive identification), specificity (true negative), and accuracy (fraction of
 all correct diagnosis made by a dentist) as they pertain to detection of caries lesions into the
 dentin on proximal tooth surfaces. Truth was defined as the dentist’s clinical assessment
 of the exposed lesion prior to restoration. Results from this study showed a significant
 increase in reader sensitivity and no significant change in reader specificity (slightly
 reduced when aided by Logicon) when readers used the device. Average reader accuracy,
 reported as the comparison of detection accuracy unaided readers to aided readers, were
 determined using the ROC paradigm and showed an improvement of 12.8 percent:

             Unaided Reader Accuracy       Aided Readers Accuracy
                        0.756                           0.883

     Table 5. Logicon Caries Detector (predicate device) accuracy – Aided vs. Unaided
 However, this observed median difference is not significant based on the Wilcoxon test
 (P=0.0537). Therefore, the improvement  in diagnostic accuracy associated with the
 Logicon Caries device is mostly associated with the improvement in sensitivity.

 The candidate device’s clinical study was based on a dataset of 2010 radiographs which
 included 370 carious lesions. Three primary studies were performed: Standalone, MRMC,
 and CADe vs. Reader. The endpoints were designed to determine the candidate device’s
 ability to identify dental features as a standalone system and to determine the device’s
 effect on reader performance.
 In comparison to the predicate device’s clinical study, caries detection performance of the
 candidate device, measured based on wAFROC-FOM, for unaided and Second Opinion®-
 aided readers with Second Opinion® is:

          Unaided Reader wAFROC-FOM    Aided Reader wAFROC-FOM
                        0.740                           0.758

             Table 6. Second Opinion® wAFROC-FOM – Aided vs. Unaided
This difference is significant with P=0.0062.

Therefore,  similar  to the predicate device, the candidate device also demonstrated
improved detection accuracy in detecting carious lesions. Although candidate device
performance was determined using a  different  statistical paradigm (wAFROC) than
predicate device performance (ROC), the trend is the same: When aided by the device,
readers’ ability to detect carious lesions improves.

14. Conclusions
 Based on the information presented above, Second Opinion® and its predicate device,
 Logicon Caries Detector, are deemed to have similar intended uses as devices which aid in

                                                                  Page 9 of 10

Pearl Inc.

the detection of pathologic features that can appear in dental radiographic imagery.
Second Opinion®’s clinical  trial results demonstrate that like  its predicate, the device
effectively improves the performance of its intended users, as a second read CADe system.
As Second Opinion® raises no new or different questions of safety or effectiveness,
performs in accordance with its specifications, meets user needs, meets the intended use
and therefore was found substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                                Page 10 of 10