Change Healthcare Canada Company                                           July 20, 2021
℅ Chester Mccoy
VP, QA/RA & Chief Quality Officer
10711 Cambie Road
Richmond, BC V6X 3GS
CANADA

Re: K210719
    Trade/Device Name: Change Healthcare Anatomical AI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: June 23, 2021
    Received: June 24, 2021

Dear Chester Mccoy:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K210719 - Chester Mccoy                                                              Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K210719

Device Name
Change Healthcare Anatomical AI


Indications for Use (Describe)

Change Healthcare Anatomical AI is intended to analyze pixel data from CT or MR images to create comprehensive
anatomic descriptors for export to integrated healthcare systems.

This supplements traditional methods used for the selection, presentation or analysis of image based medical data. The
application is intended to enable physicians, or other healthcare providers as well as integrated healthcare systems to
rapidly identify images, series, and/ or studies of interest.

Change Healthcare Anatomical AI is not indicated for patients under the age of 18 years old.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Change Healthcare Anatomical AI K210719 C H A N G E
HEALTHCARE
Section 5: 510 (k) Summary
The Company’s 510(k) Summary of Change Healthcare Anatomical AI (K210719), prepared in
accordance with 21 CFR 807.92(C), is provided on the following page.

Change Healthcare Anatomical AI K210719


                                 510(k) SUMMARY

                     Change Healthcare Anatomical AI

1.  Introduction and Administrative Information

This 510(k) Summary provides a high-level summary of the contents of the Change Healthcare
Anatomical AI Premarket Notification (510(k)), including a comparison of Change Healthcare
Anatomical AI to existing legally marketed medical device.

This Premarket Notification (510(k)) Summary contains no confidential or trade secret
information. For additional information, please contact the Establishment’s contact listed
below.
This summary was prepared on March 9, 2021.

1.1. Submitter
     Submitter                     Change Healthcare Canada Company
     Submitter Address               10711 Cambie Road
                                  Richmond, B.C.
                                    Canada, V6X 3G5
     Submitter Phone                   (604) 279-5422
     Submitter Website                www.changehealthcare.com
     Establishment Number           8022257
     Establishment Contact             Chester McCoy
     Contact Title                   VP, QA/RA & Chief Quality Officer
     Contact Phone                     (404) 338-2088
     Contact Email                    chester.mccoy@changehealthcare.com

1.2. Device Identification
     Proprietary Name(s):            Change Healthcare Anatomical AI
    Common/ Usual Name:           Automated Radiological Image Processing Software

1.3. Device Classification
    Device classification:              Class II
     Regulation Number:             21 CFR 892.2050
     Classification Product Code:     QIH
     Classification Name:             Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
     Regulation Description:           Medical image management and processing system

1.4. Predicate Device Identification
     Proprietary Name(s):          AquariusAPS Server
    510(k) Number:             K061214
    Applicant:                    TeraRecon, Inc.

   No reference devices were used in this submission.

Change Healthcare Anatomical AI K210719


2.  Indications for Use and Device Description

2.1. Indications for Use

Change Healthcare Anatomical AI is intended to analyze pixel data from CT or MR images to
create comprehensive anatomic descriptors for export to integrated healthcare systems.

This supplements traditional methods used for the selection, presentation or analysis of image
based medical data. The application is intended to enable physicians, or other healthcare
providers as well as integrated healthcare systems to rapidly identify images, series, and / or
studies of interest.

Change Healthcare Anatomical AI is not indicated for patients under the age of 18 years old.

2.2. Device Description

Change Healthcare Anatomical AI is a standalone image processing software application that
analyzes CT and MR DICOM images to associate anatomic regions with images and exports the
derived information for use in integrated healthcare systems. These anatomic descriptors can
be applied by integrated applications to categorize anatomy from a patient’s CT or MR image,
series, or study.

The device communicates via Application Programmable Interfaces (APIs) which allow for
receiving DICOM images and returning inference results. The algorithm produces a JSON file
which contains results of the analysis for each image and study with the corresponding identified
body regions.

Change Healthcare Anatomical AI works in parallel to and in conjunction with the standard of
care workflow. The device does not alter the original medical image in any way. The anatomic
descriptors are used as supplemental metadata for a patient’s imaging study.

Change Healthcare Anatomical AI contains the following core components:

API endpoints
The device uses API endpoints which allow for receiving DICOM images and returning results.

Following receipt of an image, the device performs data validation to ensure appropriateness and
compatibility for the algorithm.  If the validation fails and the image cannot be processed, an
error is returned with the corresponding code and description.

AI algorithm
After validation, the algorithm analyzes the CT or MR image pixel data and generates the
anatomic descriptors.

Change Healthcare Anatomical AI K210719


Study results aggregator

The results of the analysis for each image in a study are aggregated and returned to the integrated
system.

Data store
The results of the inference for each analyzed image are maintained in a persistent data store.
The results are stored by the algorithm inference model and retrieved by the study results
aggregation component.

3. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

With respect to technological characteristics, Change Healthcare Anatomical AI is
substantially equivalent to the predicate device. A comparison of the proposed device to the
currently marketed predicate device is provided in the table below:

 Description              Subject Device                 Predicate Device

 Device proprietary      Change Healthcare Anatomical   AquariusAPS Server
 name                 AI
 Manufacturer          Change Healthcare Canada      TeraRecon, Inc.
                     Company
 510(k) Number         K210719                   K061214
 Classification             Class II                         Class II
 Product Code         QIH                    LLZ
 Regulatory Number      892.2050                      892.2050
 Platform               Change  Healthcare  Enterprise  TeraRecon
                         Imaging Network (EIN) cloud
                           platform
 Intended for use in      Yes                        Yes
 primary diagnostic
 workflow
 Process DICOM images  Yes                        Yes
 Identify locations of     Abdomen,  breast (MR  only),  Brain, Heart, Heart
 anatomical structures      calf, chest, elbow, foot, forearm,  Vasculature, Liver, Lung
                           hand, head, arm, knee, neck,
                               pelvis, shoulder, spine cervical,
                            spine thoracic, spine lumbar, and
                            thigh
 Modalities supported   CT and MR              CT
 for identification of
 anatomical structures

Change Healthcare Anatomical AI K210719


 Description              Subject Device                 Predicate Device

 Algorithm              Machine learning based         Image processing based
                           algorithm                       algorithm
                            (non-adaptive)
 Manual review of       Yes                        Yes
 identified anatomical
 structures
 Can be used to navigate  Yes                        Yes
 to a study based on an
 identified anatomical
 structure
 Performing actions      Yes                        Yes
 based on DICOM and
 other data identified
 from the DICOM image
 set


4. Performance Data

4.1. Software Verification and Validation Testing

Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provided
as recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The software for this
device is considered as a Moderate Level of Concern software medical device, since a failure or
latent design flaw could indirectly result in minor injury to the patient through incorrect or
delayed information through the action of a care provider.

Verification and Validation Plans and Protocols have been executed to ensure adequate testing
of all defined product design requirements and specifications and the device performs as
intended. Software verification testing assessed the performance of the software’s anatomical
structure detection function, performance characteristics of the algorithm including image-level
accuracy, risk management, and overall functional performance.

A retrospective study was designed to assess the subject device accuracy. For each modality,
three databases were built for the AI model training, validation, and testing, with a balanced
distribution of studies per body region. By design, no repeat or temporal studies were allowed in
the validation and test databases.

The test databases originated from a different healthcare system. The de-identified datasets were
gathered from multiple centers to reduce bias due to demographics, scanner manufacturer and

Change Healthcare Anatomical AI K210719


acquisition protocols. 27 institutions from primary care hospitals, community hospitals and
imaging centers contributed to the test datasets. The data included cases of all genders in equal
proportions and subjects aging from 18 years old and above.

This all-comers study was designed with the intent to be as inclusive as possible and clinically
relevant. All randomly selected patients from 18 years old and above were included in the study
irrespective of their demographic or comorbidities. The same inclusive approach was followed
for clinical protocols.

The accuracy results were evaluated according to patient demographics, healthcare institution,
and other confounding imaging factors such as scanner manufacturer, presence of contrast, slice
thickness, MR sequence, and CT kernel.

Test Summary Reports have been created to evaluate the acceptability of test results and all
applicable verification and validation activities and records have been completed to ensure safety
and effectiveness of the device.

Change Healthcare Anatomical AI adheres to the cybersecurity requirements as defined by the
FDA Guidance “Content of Premarket Submissions for Management for Cybersecurity in
Medical Devices,” by implementing cybersecurity controls to protect data in use, in transit or at
rest for the components in the product.


4.2. Conformance Standards

There are no applicable FDA required performance standards for  this device. However,
voluntary standards have been  utilized in the design and development of the software.
The following FDA recognized consensus standards were used:

     ISO 14971:2007 – Medical devices – Application of risk management to medical devices
     ISO 15223-1:2016 - Medical devices – Symbols to be used with medical devices labels,
        labeling, and information to be supplied – Part 1: General requirements
     IEC 62304:2015 – Medical device software – Software life cycle processes
     IEC 62366-1:2015 Medical devices – Part 1: Application of usability engineering to
       medical devices
    NEMA PS 3.1-3.20 (2016) – Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine
     (DICOM) set

Change Healthcare Anatomical AI K210719


5.  Conclusion

Change Healthcare Anatomical AI is substantially equivalent to the identified predicate device
AquariusAPS Server (K061214). Specifically, Change Healthcare Anatomical AI has the similar
indications for use and technological characteristics compared to the previously cleared predicate
device.

The minor differences in the technological characteristics of Change Healthcare Anatomical AI
and AquariusAPS Server, its predicate device, including the platform where the device is
installed, identification of additional anatomical structures, additional modalities supported and
algorithm type, these minor differences do not raise new issues of safety or effectiveness. The
performance tests have been completed and successfully support the device performance.
Therefore, Change Healthcare Anatomical AI is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.