September 15, 2021
Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.
℅ Shlomit Cymbalista
Regulatory Affairs Lead
Shefayim Commercial Center, PO Box 25
Shefayim, 6099000
ISRAEL

Re: K210085
    Trade/Device Name: HealthCCSng
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed tomography x-ray system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: August 4, 2021
    Received: August 9, 2021

Dear Shlomit Cymbalista:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K210085 - Shlomit Cymbalista                                                          Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                       Laurel M.  DigitallyLaurel M.signedBurk -Sby
                     Burk -S      Date:12:22:152021.09.15-04'00'                                                                                                                                                , for
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K210085
Device Name
HealthCCSng
Indications for Use (Describe)
The HealthCCSng device is intended for use as a non-invasive post-processing software to evaluate calcified plaques in
the coronary arteries, which present a risk for coronary artery disease. The software generates an estimated coronary
artery calcium detection category.
The HealthCCSng device analyzes existing non-cardiac-gated CT studies that include the heart of adult patients above the
age of 30. The device generates a three-category output representing the estimated quantity of calcium detected together
with preview axial images of the detected calcium meant for informational purposes only. The device output will be
available to the radiologist as part of their standard workflow. The HealthCCSng results are not intended to be used on a
stand-alone basis for risk attribution, clinical decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CT studies.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(K) Summary - HealthCCSng
                           Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.

                               510(k) Number – K210085


Applicant’s Name:         Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.
                         Shefayim Commercial Center
                   PO Box 25
                          Shefayim, 6099000
                     ISRAEL
                           Telephone: +972-9-8827795
                           Fax: +972-9-8827795

Date Prepared:           September 14, 2021

Trade Name:             HealthCCSng


Classification Name:
JAK - Computed tomography x-ray system

Regulation Number:
21 CFR 892.1750

Classification:
Class II, Radiology


Predicate Device:
The HealthCCSng device is substantially equivalent to the following Primary Predicate Device:

Proprietary Name       HealthCCS
Premarket Notification   K172983
Classification Name     Computed tomography x-ray system.
Regulation Number      21 CFR 892.1750
Product Code         JAK
Regulatory Class            II

Secondary Predicate Device:
Proprietary Name       AI-Rad Companion
Premarket Notification   K183268
Classification Name     Computed tomography x-ray system.
Regulation Number      21 CFR 892.1750


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                              5-1

Product Code         JAK
Regulatory Class            II

Performance Standards:
No performance standards have been established for such device under Section 514 of the

Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act.


Intended Use/Indication for Use:

The HealthCCSng device is intended for use as a non-invasive post-processing software to
evaluate calcified plaques in the coronary arteries, which present a risk for coronary artery
disease. The software generates an estimated coronary artery calcium detection category.
The HealthCCSng device analyzes existing non-cardiac-gated CT studies that include the
heart of adult patients above the age of 30. The device generates a three-category output
representing the estimated quantity of calcium detected together with preview axial images of
the detected calcium meant for informational purposes only. The device output will be
available to the radiologist as part of their standard workflow. The HealthCCSng results are
not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for risk attribution, clinical decision-making or
otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CT studies.

Device Description:

HealthCCSng product is a software device that automatically estimates the coronary artery
calcium category from non-cardiac-gated adult CT scans. The product is aimed to leverage
the high  utilization of CT scans in the medical care environment (both inpatient and
outpatient), including lung cancer screening programs, in order to automatically detect
calcification in the coronary arteries of patients in an opportunistic manner.

Zebra’s HealthCCSng product analyzes cases using an artificial intelligence algorithm for the
automated detection and estimation of coronary calcium and outputs a result for review by
the radiologist. The device works in parallel to and in conjunction with the standard of care
workflow. The  final  diagnosis  is made by  the  radiologist  after  reviewing  the scan
independently of the software. The device is intended for use by the radiologists as a
non-diagnostic analysis software in conjunction with additional patient information and
professional judgment.

HealthCCSng receives a non-cardiac-gated CT study from the storage application, Zebra’s
Imaging Analytics Platform (IMA). For each CT study received, the software shall validate
there is at least one compliant series in which the entire heart is present, and perform an
analysis. For each compliant study, the software shall output:

        1.Estimated Coronary Calcium Detection, based on the measurement of calcium
        deposits in the coronary arteries.


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                              5-2

2. A corresponding Estimated Coronary Calcium Detection Category, based on the
        Estimated Coronary Calcium measurement.

  The software output will include the following calcium categories:


     Estimated Coronary Calcium           Corresponding Estimated Coronary Calcium
               Detection                                 Detection Category

                 0-99                                Low

               100-399                                Medium

               >400                                      High


  For patients in which calcium was detected, the user will be presented with representative
  images  -  all the slices containing the measured coronary calcifications (130 HU and
  above). On these images, the calcified areas will be annotated (with an option for the user
  to toggle on and off the annotation).

  The following modules compose the HealthCCSng software:
  Data input and validation: Following retrieval of a study, the validation feature assessed the
   input data  (i.e. age, modality, view,  etc.) to ensure compatibility for processing by the
   algorithm.
  HealthCCSng algorithm: Once a study has been validated, the algorithm analyzes the CT for
   analysis and quantification.
  IMA Integration feature: The study analysis and the results of a successful study analysis is
   provided to IMA.
  Error codes feature: In the case of a study failure during data validation or the analysis by
   the algorithm, an error is provided to the system.


Performance Data:

Safety and performance of HealthCCSng has been evaluated and verified in accordance with
software specifications and applicable performance standards through Software Development
and Validation & Verification Process to ensure performance according to specifications, User
Requirements and Federal Regulations and Guidance documents, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”.


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                              5-3

The HealthCCSng software device performance was validated in a stand-alone retrospective
study for its overall agreement compared to the established ground truth and respective to the
predicate device. The validation data-set consisted of anonymized CT scans of the chest from
two  healthcare  institutions  composed  of  multiple  clinical  sites. The  sample  included
representation  of  each  coronary  calcium  detection  category. Ground  truth category was
determined by the majority agreement of two of three radiologists.

The objective of the study was to establish the safety, effectiveness and substantial equivalence
of the HealthCCSng software as compared to the predicate device (HealthCCS, K172983). The
HealthCCSng overall agreement was determined by comparing the device output coronary
calcium detection category, to the ground truth coronary calcium detection category. For overall
agreement to be considered successful it had to be equal or superior to the 85% performance
goals defined by the predicate device.

The performance results were analyzed for 447 anonymized CT chest cases. Patient age ranged
from 30-93 y.o (mean age of 62.6 years; SD=14.4) and 57.7% (258) were male. The validation
data-set represented the following imaging parameters: Modality (CT), Slice Thickness (0.625,
1, 1.25, 1.5, 2, 2.5 and 3 mm), Slice Increment (0.625, 1, 1.25, 1.5, 2, 2.5 and 3 mm), Exposure
in mAs (Radiation Dose) i(15-966), KVP (100, 120, 130 and 140), and four (4) manufacturers of
CT devices (GE, Philips, Siemens and Toshiba).

The HealthCCSng device demonstrated an overall agreement of 92.5% (95% CI: [89.7%,
95.5%]) exceeding the stated performance goal and the predicate performance. All CT data
across, slice thickness, slice increment, exposure, KVP, manufacturers and reconstruction type
were well supported by the HealthCCSng device. In conclusion, this study demonstrated the
HealthCCSng overall agreement with the ground truth coronary calcium detection category and
establishes its substantial equivalence to the predicate device. It also validated the performance
of the HealthCCSng across important cohorts, and applicable subsets of imaging acquisition
characteristics.


Technological Characteristics Compared to Predicate Device:

Zebra Medical Vision believes that the HealthCCSng device is substantially equivalent to the
HealthCCSng Device K172983 (primary predicate) and the AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)
K183268 (secondary predicate).
The two predicate devices listed (K172983 and K183268) have the same intended use as the
predicate device, namely, coronary calcium detection and quantification, and support substantial
equivalence with respect to technological characteristics.


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                              5-4

Proposed Device:           Primary Predicate Device:    Secondary Predicate Device:
            HealthCCSng             HealthCCS Device v3.0      AI-Rad Companion (K183268)
                                        (K172983)

Intended    The HealthCCSng device   The HealthCCS Device is    AI-Rad Companion
Use/             is intended for use as a       intended for use as a         (Cardiovascular) is image
Indications   non-invasive                non-invasive                processing software that
for Use       post-processing software to  post-processing software     provides quantitative and
               evaluate calcified plaques    that can be used to evaluate   qualitative analysis from
                in the coronary arteries,      calcified plaques in the       previously acquired Computed
            which present a risk for      coronary arteries, which     Tomography DICOM images to
              coronary artery disease.    may be a risk factor for       support radiologists and
            The software generates an   coronary artery disease.      physicians from emergency
              estimated coronary artery   The software can be used to  medicine, specialty care, urgent
             calcium detection category.  generate reports of the total   care, and general practice in the
            The HealthCCSng device     risk category of coronary     evaluation and assessment of
              analyzes existing            calcium. This information    cardiovascular diseases.
              non-cardiac-gated CT       can then be used by a            It provides the following
               studies that include the      physician for further          functionality:
               heart of adult patients        analysis and treatment. The   • Segmentation and volume
             above the age of 30. The    HealthCCS Device         measurement of the heart
              device generates a           analyzes pre-existing heart    • Quantification of the total
               three-category output        or chest                    calcium volume in the coronary
               representing the estimated   ECG-Gated/Triggered CT     arteries
               quantity of calcium          scans. The Device is           • Segmentation of the aorta
               detected together with        indicated for use only on      • Measurement of maximum
             preview axial images of the  patients whose age at the     diameters of the aorta at typical
               detected calcium meant for   time, when the CT scan      landmarks
               informational purposes     was taken, was above 20     •Threshold-based highlighting
               only. The device output      years old. This device        of enlarged diameters The
                will be available to the       generates a 4-category       software has been validated for
                radiologist as part of their    Agatston-equivalent risk     non-cardiac chest CT data with
              standard workflow. The      score, and the patient          filtered backprojection
            HealthCCSng results are    management, especially for   reconstruction from Siemens
              not intended to be used on   the patient with the score     Healthineers, GE Healthcare,
              a stand-alone basis for risk   from 0-10, will depend on    Philips, and Toshiba/Canon.
                 attribution, clinical           the physician’s own          Additionally, the calcium
              decision-making or         judgment. It may require     detection feature has been
              otherwise preclude clinical   further testing to evaluate     validated on non-cardiac chest
              assessment of CT studies.    the appropriate clinical     CT data with iterative
                                     management.                 reconstruction from Siemens
                                                                          Healthineers.
                                                            Only DICOM images of adult
                                                                              patients are considered to be
                                                                           valid input.


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                              5-5

Comparison of Technological Characteristics


Technological          Proposed Device:     Primary Predicate   Secondary        Summary
Characteristics        HealthCCSng         Device:              Predicate Device:
                       Device v1.0         HealthCCS Device   AI-Rad Companion
                                                v3.0 (K172983)      (K183268)


Regulation

Product Code       JAK            JAK           JAK            Same

Regulation Number    21 CFR §892.1750   21 CFR §892.1750  21 CFR §892.1750  Same

General

Modality          CT            CT            CT             Same

Image format       DICOM         DICOM        DICOM         Same

Contrast               Non-contrast         Non-contrast        Non-contrast      Same

Supported CT scan     Non-cardiac-gated    Cardiac-gated CT   Non-cardiac-gated   Different
                CT scan             scan           CT scan            supported CT
                                                                                    scans by the
                                                                                          subject device
                                                                           and primary
                                                                                         predicate device.

Slice thickness       Up to 3mm       Up to 3mm       Up to 3mm       Same

Quantification

Calcification          Automatic          Automatic         Automatic        Same
detection

Default threshold of    130 HU            130 HU           130 HU          Same
calcium                (Hounsfield Units)    (Hounsfield Units)   (Hounsfield Units)

Coronary artery     CAC detection        Agatston          Calcium volume     Similar, provide
calcification            category               equivalent CAC                         detected calcium
quantification method                             risk category,                             for assessment.
                                           based on the
                                           Agatston method


Display and Visualization

Main Image Quality   DICOM         DICOM           Not applicable     Same


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                              5-6

Compressed preview   Yes            No               Not applicable     Does not
image                                                                                 introduce
                                                                                      questions of
                                                                                           safety and
                                                                                           effectiveness

Annotation of         Yes                Yes              Not applicable     Same
detected calcium

Visualization tools     Zooming, panning,   Zooming, panning   Not applicable       Similar, does not
                    windowing                                                    introduce
                                                                                      questions of
                                                                                           safety and
                                                                                           effectiveness

Data reporting

Generate patient        Optional to copy     Optional to copy    Optional to insert    Similar, does not
report                    result to clipboard,    result to clipboard,   results in report      introduce
                           insert in report,        insert in report                           questions of
               DICOM Secondary                                               safety and
                      Capture                                                          effectiveness

Report of the calcium   Yes, Coronary        Yes, Coronary      Not applicable      Both the subject
score                Calcium Detection    artery calcium risk                    and primary
                      Category             category                                  predicate device
                    3 categories:        4 categories                             provide calcium
                      0-99                0-10                                      detection and
                     100-399            11-100                                  category
                   >400               101-400
                                     >400


Conclusion:
Based on the information submitted in this premarket notification, and based on the indications
for use, technological characteristics and performance testing, HealthCCSng device raises no
new questions of safety and effectiveness and is substantially equivalent to the primary predicate
device in terms of safety, efficacy and performance.
The results of the performance comparison study demonstrated that the HealthCCSng device
performs as intended, in the specified use conditions, similarly to the predicate devices. The
HealthCCSng device is therefore substantially equivalent to the primary predicate device.


Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                              5-7

=>) zebra
medical
= vision
Zebra Medical Vision Ltd. 5-8