Overjet, Inc.                                              May 19, 2021
℅ Mr. Adam Heroux
Head of Regulatory Affairs
560 Harrison Ave, Unit 403
BOSTON MA 02118

Re: K210187
    Trade/Device Name: Overjet Dental Assist
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: April 12, 2021
    Received: April 21, 2021

Dear Mr. Heroux:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K210187 - Mr. Adam Heroux                                                           Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K210187
Device Name
Overjet Dental Assist
Indications for Use (Describe)
Overjet Dental Assist is a radiological semi-automated image processing software device intended to aid dental
professionals in the measurements of mesial and distal bone levels associated with each tooth from bitewing and
periapical radiographs.
It should not be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or solely relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis. The system is
to be used by trained professionals including, but not limited to, dentists and dental hygienists.
Intended Patient Population:
The intended patient population of the device is patients living in the United States, who are 22 years old or older, and that
do not have any remaining primary teeth. Overjet has not evaluated the performance of the device on primary dentition.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Summary
(K210187)
This summary of 510(k) information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of
21CFR Part 807.92

1. Date
4/12//2021

2. Applicant
Overjet, Inc.
560 Harrison Ave
Unit 403
Boston, MA 02118
Contact Person: Adam Heroux
Email: adam@overjet.ai

3. Trade Name
Overjet Dental Assist

4. Common Name
Dental Imaging Software

5. Classification
System, Imaging processing, radiological (21CFR 892.2050, Product code LLZ, Class 2,
Radiology)

6. Device Description
Overjet Dental Assist developed by Overjet Inc, is a radiological semi automated image
processing software device intended to aid dental professionals in the measurements of
mesial and distal bone levels associated with each tooth from bitewing and periapical
radiographs.
Overjet Dental Assist is a cloud native Software as a Medical Device that allows users to
automate the measurement of interproximal bone levels for bitewing and periapical
radiographs, review associated radiographs, view annotations, modify annotations.

7. Indications for Use
Overjet Dental Assist is a radiological semi-automated image processing software
device intended to aid dental professionals in the measurements of mesial and distal
bone levels associated with each tooth from bitewing and periapical radiographs.

It should not be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or solely relied upon to make or
confirm a diagnosis. The system is to be used by trained professionals including, but not
limited to, dentists and dental hygienists.
Intended Patient Population:
The intended patient population of the device is patients living in the United States, who
are 22 years old or older, and that do not have any remaining primary teeth. Overjet has
not evaluated the performance of the device on primary dentition.
8. Predicate Device
Device - EZOrtho
Manufacturer - Ewoosoft Co., Ltd.
510k - K192888
9. Substantial Equivalence
Device Ewoosoft Overjet Dental Assist
EZOrtho v1.0 (proposed)
(predicate)
510k K192888 K210187
Indications EzOrtho is a software Overjet Dental Assist is a
indicated for use by dentists radiological semi-automated
who provide orthodontic image processing software device
treatment for image analysis, | intended to aid dental
simulation, profilogram, professionals in the
VTO/STO and patient measurements of mesial and
consultation. Results distal bone levels associated with
produced by the software’s each tooth. It should not be used
diagnostic, treatment planning | in-lieu of full patient evaluation or
and simulation tools are solely relied upon to make or
dependent on the confirm a diagnosis. The system
interpretation of trained and is to be used by trained
licensed practitioners or professionals including, but not
dentists limited to, dentists and dental
hygienists
Patient Patients receiving dental care | Patients receiving dental care
Population
Platform IBM-compatible PC or PC Web - Edge, Chrome, Firefox
network

User Interface Mouse, Keyboard Mouse, Keyboard, Trackpad
Image Input Images can be scanned, Images imported from the
Sources loaded from digital cameras radiographic device, or from the
or card readers, or imported practice management system
from a radiographic imaging
device
Image format DICOM, BMP, JPG, PNG, TIF | jpg, png, jfif, eop, etp, jif
Patient Database | SQL SQL
Compatibility
Includes Image Linear distance, angle Linear distance
Measurement
tools
Full, side by side, thumbnail Full, Thumbnail
Image Grayscale, invert, emboss, annotation
manipulation brightness, contrast, gamma,
sharpen, median, despeckle,
hue, saturation, equalize flip,
mirror, masking, rotate,
annotation, cephalometric
tracing, implant simulations
Cephalometric In addition to the n/a
tracing user-configured analysis,
standard orthodontic tracing
analysis include: Downs
Jarabek McNamara Ricketts
Jefferson
3D imaging None none
capability
Image annotation | Text, paint, ellipse, pointer, Line
select, draw, magnify, line,
rectangle, ruler, protractor,
brush, select region, copy /
paste
Overjet Dental Assist is determined to be substantially equivalent to the Ewoosoft EZ
Ortho cleared as K192888. Both systems are software intended to support dental
professionals in their diagnosis and treatment planning for their dental patients.

Both software systems automatically annotate dental radiographs for the dentist. EZ
Ortho places calibration points within a radiograph for orthodontic planning, while the
Overjet Dental Assist utilizes key points to measure interproximal bone levels. Both
systems allow users to visualize the radiograph with the annotations, add their own
annotations, and use the information as part of their diagnostic process.
Other similarities include both systems have no direct contact with the patient, both
systems evaluate oral cavity radiographs, both systems utilize standard image types,
and both systems connect to practice management systems.
Some differences between the systems include the location of the software, the user
interface, and the availability of additional features. A primary difference is the EZ Otho
is a local software while Overjet Dental Assist is a cloud native application. While EZ
Ortho and Overjet Dental Assist have different user interfaces, both are accessed by
computer and are intended for dental professionals to review annotations on dental
radiographs. The EZ Ortho software contains additional annotation features that are not
required for the Overjet Dental Assist use case. Overjet does not feel that the differences
raise a concern of substantial equivalence and these differences do not interfere with the
ability of the Overjet software to achieve its intended use.

10. Performance Testing
Software Verification and Validation Testing
Software verification and validation testing were conducted and documentation was
provided as recommended by FDA's Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for
the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The
software for this device was considered as a “moderate” level of concern, since a failure
or latent flaw could indirectly result in minor injury to the patient or operator through
incorrect or delayed information or through the action of a care provider.
Bench Testing
Bench testing included evaluation of performance based upon a ground truth data set
utilizing Object Keypoint Similarity assessment. Overjet Dental Assist was evaluated with
two datasets of 2234 bitewing radiographs, and 6543 periapical radiographs and
evaluated the precision and recall against the labeled keypoints within those
radiographs. The Overjet met acceptable performance criteria with the following results:

Average Recall 89.5% 90.0%

Clinical Testing
Clinical testing of the Overjet Dental Assist software was performed utilizing
retrospective clinical subject data from 65 bitewing and 96 periapical radiographs from
63 subjects. The demographics of the data set was as follows:

no information

IM 17.27%)
No information about ethnicity was available from the dental radiographs.
Overjet utilized three US licensed dentists to label interproximal bone levels using the
measurement tool in Dexis Webview software for all of the radiographs. These
measurements were then adjudicated by two US Dental Radiologists. The final
adjudicated measurements were compared against the Overjet Dental Assist predicted
measurements.
The Overjet Dental Assist software met the prespecified acceptance criteria of >85%
sensitivity and specificity when compared to the ground truth, and accuracy of <1.5mm
mean absolute difference versus ground truth.
The Overjet Dental Assist software demonstrated a modeled 98.7% sensitivity value and
95.0% specificity value, and a mean absolute difference from the ground truth of
0.307mm for measurement of interproximal bone levels in bitewing radiographs. In
interproximal bone levels in periapical radiographs, Overjet Dental Assist scored 88.94%
sensitivity, 95.96% specificity, and 0.353mm mean absolute difference. Performance of
measurement of Periapical Root Length was measured at 90.9% sensitivity, 97.47%
specificity, and 0.567mm mean absolute difference.
The interproximal bone level value in periapical images while meeting the performance
acceptance criteria, did not meet the alpha value of <0.05. The alpha for the hypothesis
test was 0.083. Analysis of this data indicated that 33% of the false negatives were

related to anatomical overlap that obstructed the CEJ point. In this case human readers
were more prone to estimate a bone level point that was obscured. The overall
sensitivity of 88% was consistent with the performance of the three ground truth dentists.
No adverse effects or complications were recorded associated with this study as all
radiographs were retrospective and no treatment decisions were made.
All testing demonstrated that the Overjet Dental Assist software met prespecified
performance requirements when evaluated against human labeling.

11. Conclusion
Overjet Dental Assist is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, EZ Ortho.
Differences do not raise any concerns about the safety or efficacy of the device.