eko.ai Pte. Ltd. d/b/a Us2.ai                                                                          July 27, 2021
℅ Jared Seehafer
Regulatory Consultant
Enzyme Corporation
611 Gateway Blvd., Suite 120
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO CA 94080


Re: K210791
    Trade/Device Name: Us2.v1
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: June 17, 2021
    Received: June 24, 2021

Dear Jared Seehafer:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K210791 - Jared Seehafer                                                              Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                     For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K210791
Device Name
Us2.v1
Indications for Use (Describe)
Us2.v1 is a fully automated software platform that processes, analyses and makes measurements on acquired transthoracic
cardiac ultrasound images, automatically producing a full report with measurements of several key cardiac structural and
functional parameters. The data produced by this software is intended to be used to support qualified cardiologists or
licensed primary care providers for clinical decision-making. Us2.v1 is indicated for use in adult patients. Us2.v1 has not
been validated for the assessment of congenital heart disease, valve disease, pericardial disease, and/or intra-cardiac
lesions (e.g. tumours, thrombi).
Please note the following limitations:
- Poor image capture will lead to poor annotations and subsequent measurements. Multiple image quality algorithms are
used to filter out images of poor quality.
- Our software complements good patient care and does not exempt the user from the responsibility to provide
supervision, clinically review the patient, and make appropriate clinical decisions.
- If no gender is present, female referenced guideline values will be used for conclusions.
- If Body Surface Area (BSA) is not present, indexed values cannot be provided.
- During image acquisition, inappropriate use of the echo machine, use of non-cardiac ultrasound probes, use of
suboptimal settings (e.g. gain, contrast, depth), or lack of electrocardiogram capture may lead to lower accuracy of the
software.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

Eko.ai Pte. Ltd. d/b/a Us2.ai                                                                                   510(k) - Us2.v1


     5  510(k) Summary


       Table 5-1. Subject Device Overview.
        Submission Number:          K210791

        Submitter’s Name:              Eko.ai Pte. Ltd. (d/b/a Us2.ai)

        Address:                    2 College Road, #02-00, Singapore 169850

        Contact Person:                 Jared Seehafer

          Title:                          Regulatory Consultant

       Telephone Number:            415-857-9554

       Fax Number:                 415-367-1279

        Email:                      jared@enzyme.com

       Date Summary Prepared:       July 15, 2021

        Device Proprietary Name:      Us2.v1

       Model Number:          V 1.0.0

      Common Name:              Us2.v1

        Regulation Number:          21 CFR 892.2050

        Regulation Name:              System, Image Processing, Radiological

        Product Code:             QIH

        Device Class:                   Class II

                                      Trade name: EchoMD Automated Ejection Fraction
                                       Software
                                        Manufacturer: Bay Labs, Inc.
                                  (now known as Caption Health, Inc.)
                                   290 King Street
                                   San Francisco, CA 94107
        Predicate Device
                                        Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
                                        Regulation Name: System, Image Processing, Radiological
                                      Device Class: Class II
                                        Product Code: LLZ
                                        510(k) Number: K173780
                                        510(k) Clearance Date: June 14, 2018


Section 5                                                                                                              5-1

Eko.ai Pte. Ltd. d/b/a Us2.ai                                                                                   510(k) - Us2.v1


    5.1  Device Description
        Us2.v1 is an image post-processing analysis software device used for viewing and
          quantifying cardiovascular ultrasound images in DICOM format. The device is intended to
          aid diagnostic review and analysis of echocardiographic data, patient record management
        and reporting.

        The software provides an interface for a skilled sonographer to perform the necessary
        markup on the echocardiographic image prior to review by the prescribing physician. The
        markup includes: the cardiac segments captured, measurements of distance, time, area and
         blood flow, quantitative analysis of cardiac function, and a summary report.

        The software allows the sonographer to enter their markup manually. It also provides
         automated markup and analysis, which the sonographer may choose to accept outright, to
         accept partially and modify, or to reject and ignore. Machine learning based view
           classification and border detection form the basis for this automated analysis. Additionally,
          the software has features for organizing, displaying and comparing to reference guidelines
          the quantitative data from cardiovascular images acquired from ultrasound scanners.

    5.2  Indications for Use

        Us2.v1 is a software platform that automatically processes, analyses and makes
        measurements on acquired transthoracic cardiac ultrasound images, producing a full report
         with measurements of several key cardiac structural and functional parameters. The data
         produced by this software is intended to be used to support qualified cardiologists or
          licensed primary care providers for clinical decision-making based on DICOM images
         produced by FDA approved ultrasound devices. Us2.v1 is indicated for use in adult
           patients. Us2.v1 has not been validated for the assessment of congenital heart disease,
         valve disease, pericardial disease, and/or intra-cardiac lesions (e.g. tumours, thrombi).

         Please note the following limitations:

       ●  Poor image capture will lead to poor annotations and subsequent measurements.
             Multiple image quality algorithms are used to filter out images of poor quality.
       ●  Our software complements good patient care and does not exempt the user from the
              responsibility to provide supervision, clinically review the patient, and make
             appropriate clinical decisions.
       ●   If no gender is present, female referenced guideline values will be used for conclusions.
       ●   If Body Surface Area (BSA) is not present, indexed values cannot be provided.
       ●  During image acquisition, inappropriate use of the echo machine, use of non-cardiac
             ultrasound probes, use of suboptimal settings (e.g. gain, contrast, depth), or lack of
             electrocardiogram capture may lead to lower accuracy of the software.


Section 5                                                                                                              5-2

Eko.ai Pte. Ltd. d/b/a Us2.ai                                                                                   510(k) - Us2.v1


   5.3 Summary of Technological Characteristics Comparison

        Table 5-2 shows the similarities and differences between the technological characteristics
         of the two products. Testing demonstrates that the differences do not raise new questions of
          safety or effectiveness.

        Table 5-2. Summary of Technological Characteristics Comparison.
         Topic           Predicate Device                 Subject Device
          Physical        Software package that operates    Same
           Characteristics    utilizing off-the-shelf hardware
      DICOM Standard The software processes DICOM   Same
         Compliance     compliant image data

          Modalities       Cardiac echocardiogram         Same

         User Interface   The software is designed for use on Same
                          a personal computer that has been
                           received images from a compatible
                  PACS
         Automation level Fully automated, including clip    Same
                             selection
         User          Yes                         Yes
          confirmation/
           rejection of result
        Manual editing  Yes (on PACS workstation)       Yes (in application)
          of automated
           result by user
         Automated       Ejection Fraction                      Region   Measurement                                                     LV      DecT
           calculations                                                     LV     MV-A
                                                     LV     MV-Adur
                                                     LV     MV-E
                                                     LV        e’ lateral
                                                     LV        e’ septal
                                                     LV        a’ lateral
                                                     LV        a’ septal
                                                     LV        s’ lateral
                                                     LV        s’ septal
                                                     LV     LVEDV MOD biplane
                                                     LV     LVEF MOD biplane
                                                     LV     LVESV MOD biplane
                                                     LV     LVSV MOD biplane
                                                     LV      IVSd
                                                     LV     LVIDd
                                                     LV      LVIDs
                                                     LV     LVPWd
                                                     LV       E/e’ mean
                                                   RV     RVIDd
                                                     LA     LAESV MOD biplane
                                                   RA      Raa
                                                                TrV    TR Vmax


Section 5                                                                                                              5-3

Eko.ai Pte. Ltd. d/b/a Us2.ai                                                                                   510(k) - Us2.v1


  5.4 Performance Data
      Us2.v1 was developed and tested in accordance with Us2.ai’s Design Control processes. The
       device has been subject to extensive safety and performance testing. Non-clinical verification
      and validation test results established that the device meets its design requirements and intended
       use. Specifically, software verification was conducted at unit, module, and system integration
        levels. Risk management analysis generated multiple risk mitigation measures and verification
        activities. A Cybersecurity Analysis and data security testing were conducted to verify that data
      and patient protected health information security measures are included in the design of the
       software. A Human Factors/Usability Engineering study performed according to the principles
       of AAMI/ANSI HE75 was performed to validate device’s usability within the intended user
       population.

    A formal retrospective non-interventional validation study was conducted using 600 previouslyacquired echocardiograms to evaluate the performance of the device for each claimed
      measurement. The patient dataset was constructed to provide a balanced range of gender and
      body mass index levels. A blinded, anonymized series of 600 unique echocardiographic studies
     was selected for analysis. Of these, 421 are samples of patients with heart failure with reduced
       ejection fraction. The remaining 179 examinations were from normal subjects. Both cohorts of
       subjects were selected from sets of previously annotated and overread studies with robust
       inclusion criteria (see below).

       Additional demographic information and vital signs at the time of examination are available in
      Table 1.

     Two subject cohorts were used for analysis across 600 studies:

          -  HFrEF Subjects: 421 studies
          -  Normal Subjects: 179 studies

       Inclusion criteria were:

     HFrEF Subjects

       Subjects eligible for inclusion in this study met all of the following criteria at screening:

            1.  Written informed consent for the original study.
            2. Men and women ≥ 18 years of age.
            3. HFrEF subjects (heart failure with LVEF < 40% determined at the site)
            4. NYHA Functional class II-IV.

      Normal Subjects

       Subjects eligible for inclusion in this study met all of the following criteria at screening:

            1.  Written informed consent for obtained.
            2.  Males and females (of non-childbearing potential) between 18 and 55 years of
              age, inclusive


Section 5                                                                                                              5-4

Eko.ai Pte. Ltd. d/b/a Us2.ai                                                                                   510(k) - Us2.v1


           3. Body weight > 55.0 kg and body mass index within 18.0 to 32.0 kg/m2, inclusive
           4.  In good health, in the opinion of the Investigator, as determined by the following:
                     a. A physical examination at screening and medical history with no
                        clinically significant abnormalities
                   b. Not taking medications for the treatment of any chronic or episodic
                    medical disease or condition
                     c.  Vital signs within the ranges below measured while the subject is supine after
                  3 minutes rest. May re-check vital signs twice at screening.
                           * heart rate 40-90 beats per minute; systolic blood pressure (BP)
                            100-140 mmHg; diastolic BP 50-95 mmHg; respiration rate <25
                                 breaths per minute; oxygen saturation: 95-100%

           5.  Acoustic windows adequate for accurate transthoracic echocardiograms, confirmed
            by the echocardiography core laboratory
           6. Normal cardiac structure and function, as determined by the echocardiography
             core laboratory, or if abnormalities are present, they are deemed not clinically
               significant LVEF > 55%
           7. Normal electrocardiogram (ECG) or, if abnormalities are present, they are deemed
              not clinically significant by the Investigator


           Table 1. Demographics of Cohort

                                   Normal Cohort          HFrEF Cohort

            Age                          40.0 (± 7.5) years             64.3 (± 12.5) years

        % Male                   72.6%                    67.4%

              Height                       168.1 (± 9.4) cm              172.2 (± 10.3) cm

             Weight                       76.6 (± 9.2) kg                93.4 (± 24.9) kg

               Heart Rate                    62.7 (± 7.1) bpm              72.2 ( ± 11.9) bpm

                Systolic Blood Pressure        112.0 (± 9.7) mmHg          124.6 (± 18.1) mmHg

                Diastolic Blood Pressure       71.2 (± 7.9) mmHg            74.1 (± 11.5) mmHg


       Test datasets were strictly segregated from algorithm training datasets. The primary
       performance metric is the reference-scaled individual equivalence coefficient (IEC, Barnhart,
       2007) across three human readers and one automated read performed by Us2.v1.

     We define our success criterion as a non-inferiority margin, ∆= 0.25, such that Us2.v1 is
      deemed interchangeable with the reference if IEC + 1.96*SD(IEC) < ∆. Compared to reference
       standard echocardiographic human measurements made in triplicate by the independent
       Cardiovascular Imaging Core Laboratory at Brigham and Women’s Hospital, the 95%
       confidence intervals of automated Us2.v1 measurements all fell below the pre-specified noninferiority margin of 0.25 for IEC.


Section 5                                                                                                              5-5

Eko.ai Pte. Ltd. d/b/a Us2.ai                                                                                   510(k) - Us2.v1


         Based on the performance as documented in the sum of this testing, the Us2.v1 device has
         a safety and effectiveness profile that is similar to the predicate EchoMD Automated
          Ejection Fraction Software device.

   5.5  Substantial Equivalence Conclusion

        Us2.v1 is an image processing software which has similar intended use and indications for
         use statement as the predicate device. The two devices have similar technological
          characteristics: both use machine learning algorithms to automate the measurement of
          transthoracic cardiac images. Though the subject device provides more measurements than
         the predicate, this does not in and of itself produce different questions of safety and
          effectiveness. This 510(k) submission includes information on the Us2.v1 technological
          characteristics, as well as performance data and verification and validation activities
         demonstrating that Us2.v1 is as safe and effective as the predicate, and does not raise
          different questions of safety and effectiveness.


Section 5                                                                                                              5-6