July 27, 2022

Medicalgorithmics S.A.
℅ Agnieszka Romowicz
Operations & Product Compliance Director
Medicalgorithmics US Holding Corporation
2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400
Wilmington, DE 19808


Re: K210822
    Trade/Device Name: DeepRhythmAI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1425
    Regulation Name: Programmable Diagnostic Computer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: DQK, DPS
    Dated: June 24, 2022
    Received: June 27, 2022

Dear Agnieszka Romowicz:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K210822 - Agnieszka Romowicz                                                        Page 2


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                              Jennifer W. Shih -S

                                                Jennifer Shih Kozen
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                Diagnostics and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                                                                            See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K210822

Device Name
DeepRhythmAl


Indications for Use (Describe)
DeepRhythmAl  is a cloud-based software for the assessment of cardiac arrhythmias using two lead ECG data in adult
patients.
It is intended for use by a healthcare solution integrator to build web, mobile or another types of applications to let
qualified healthcare professionals review and confirm the analytic result. The product supports downloading and
analyzing data recorded in the compatible formats from dedicated ambulatory ECG devices such as Holter, event
recorder, Mobile Cardiac Telemetry or other similar devices when the assessment of the rhythm is necessary.
The product can be electronically interfaced and perform analysis with data transferred from other computer-based ECG
systems, such as an ECG management system. DeepRhythmAl can be integrated into medical devices. In this case, the
medical device manufacturer will identify the indication for use depending on the application of their device.

DeepRhythmAI  is not for use in life-supporting or sustaining systems or ECG Alarm devices. Interpretation results are not
intended to be the sole means of diagnosis. It is offered to physicians and clinicians on an advisory basis only in
conjunction with the physician's knowledge of ECG patterns, patient background, clinical history, symptoms and other
diagnostic information.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)     E  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                         CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                         Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

FORM FDA 3881 (7117)                             Page 1 of 1                                                      PSC PubhsAing Servics (301) 443-6740   EF

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                       DeepRhythmAI
                                                                                    510(k) Summary

                                                            June 24, 2022

                                 510(k) Summary

   I.   Submitter’s name and address:

Medicalgorithmics S.A.
Aleje Jerozolimskie 81,
02-001 Warsaw, Poland

Contact Person:
Agnieszka Romowicz
Phone: (+48) 733 888 448
Email: a.romowicz@medicalgorithmics.com

Date Prepared:                  2022-06-24

  II.   Device

Trade name:                  DeepRhythmAI

Common name:            ECG Analysis System

Classification name:             Programmable Diagnostic Computer/
                                  Electrocardiograph

Regulation number:              870.1425
                               870.2340

Regulatory Class:                Class II

Classification Product code:      DQK, DPS

 III.   Substantial Equivalence

The selected predicate and reference devices are:

    1. RhythmAnalytics, K182344 (Predicate Device),
    2. Zio AT ECG Monitoring System, K181502 (Reference Device).


                                                                                                K210822
                                                                                            Page 1 of 9

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                       DeepRhythmAI
                                                                                    510(k) Summary

 IV.   Device description

The DeepRhythmAI is a cloud-based software for automated analysis of ECG data. It uses
a scalable Application Programming Interface (API) to enable easy integration with other
medical products. The main component of DeepRhythmAI is an automated proprietary
deep-learning algorithm, which measures and analyzes ECG data to provide qualified
healthcare professional with supportive information for review.

DeepRhythmAI  can  be  integrated  into  medical  devices.  The  product  supports
downloading and analyzing data recorded in the compatible formats from dedicated
ambulatory ECG devices such as Holter, event recorder, Mobile Cardiac Telemetry or
other similar devices when the assessment of the rhythm is necessary. DeepRhythmAI
can also be electronically interfaced and perform analysis with data transferred from other
computer-based ECG systems, such as an ECG management system. DeepRhythmAI
doesn’t have a User Interface therefore   it should be integrated with the external
visualization software used by the ECG technicians for the ECG visualization and analysis
reporting.

It is intended for use by a healthcare solution integrator to build web, mobile or another
types of applications to let qualified healthcare professionals review and confirm the
analytic result. .

DeepRhythmAI algorithm detects cardiac beats/arrythmias and intervals including:

   • QRS
   •  Heart rate determination
   • RR Interval measurements
   •  Non-paced arrhythmias
   •  Non-paced ventricular arrhythmia calls
   •  Ventricular ectopic beats
   •  Supraventricular ectopic beats

DeepRhythmAI returns the interpretation result to be reviewed by a qualified healthcare
professional. DeepRhythmAI when integrated with the other computer-based ECG
systems, creates a semi-autonomous system for analysis of ECG recordings. All algorithm
annotations must be analyzed and confirmed by a qualified healthcare professional. The
subject device can only be integrated with the display product used by the monitoring
center that allows for verification of the algorithm output, its correction and confirmation.

DeepRhythmAI is not for use in life-supporting or sustaining systems or ECG Alarm
devices. Interpretation results are not intended to be the sole means of diagnosis. It is
offered to physicians and clinicians on an advisory basis only in conjunction with the
physician's knowledge of ECG patterns, patient background, clinical history, symptoms
and other diagnostic information.


                                                                                                K210822
                                                                                            Page 2 of 9

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                       DeepRhythmAI
                                                                                    510(k) Summary

 V.   Indications for use

DeepRhythmAI is a cloud-based software for the assessment of cardiac arrhythmias using
two lead ECG data in adult patients.

It is intended for use by a healthcare solution integrator to build web, mobile or another
types of applications to let qualified healthcare professionals review and confirm the
analytic result. The product supports downloading and analyzing data recorded in the
compatible formats from dedicated ambulatory ECG devices such as Holter, event
recorder, Mobile Cardiac Telemetry or other similar devices when the assessment of the
rhythm is necessary.

The product can be electronically interfaced and perform analysis with data transferred
from other computer-based ECG systems, such as an ECG management system.
DeepRhythmAI can be integrated into medical devices. In this case, the medical device
manufacturer will identify the indication for use depending on the application of their
device.

DeepRhythmAI is not for use in life-supporting or sustaining systems or ECG Alarm
devices. Interpretation results are not intended to be the sole means of diagnosis. It is
offered to physicians and clinicians on an advisory basis only in conjunction with the
physician's knowledge of ECG patterns, patient background, clinical history, symptoms
and other diagnostic information.


                                                                                                K210822
                                                                                            Page 3 of 9

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                       DeepRhythmAI
                                                                                    510(k) Summary

 VI.   Comparison to predicate device

The  following  tables provide a comparison  of the detection features and device
comparison of DeepRhythmAI and the predicate devices.

Detection Features comparison:


                                                                                    Zio AT ECG
     Device functionality        DeepRhythmAI       RhythmAnalytics
                                                                                Monitoring System


      QRS detection             YES             YES          No information

   Heart rate determination for
                             YES             YES             YES
       non-paced adult

    R-R interval detection          YES             YES          No information

    Non-paced arrhythmias
                             YES             YES             YES
           interpretation


     Non-paced ventricular
                             YES             YES             YES
        arrhythmias calls


     Atrial fibrillation detection         YES          No information         YES

    Cardiac beats detection
                                             YES
    (Ventricular ectopic beats,
                             YES             (Ventricular ectopic        YES
     Supraventricular ectopic
                                                                beats)
             beats)
       Patient populations                Adult           Min 18 years old      Min 18 years old


Device comparison:


                        Subject device         Predicate device        Reference device
       Device
     functionality                                                                      Zio AT ECG Monitoring
                     DeepRhythmAI        RhythmAnalytics
                                                                 System

                                                 Biofourmis Singapore    iRhythm Technologies,
   Manufacturer        Medicalgorithmics S.A.
                                                           Pte. Ltd.                        Inc.
   510(k) Number          K210822              K182344              K181502
   Classification              Class II                  Class II                  Class II
                                                                 21 CFR §870.1425

                     21 CFR §870.1425       21 CFR §870.1425       21 CFR §870.2800   Regulation
  Number(s)                     21 CFR §870.2340       21 CFR §870.2340       21 CFR §870.2920

                                                                 21 CFR §870.1025


                                                                                                K210822
                                                                                            Page 4 of 9

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                     DeepRhythmAI
                                                                                 510(k) Summary


                      Subject device         Predicate device        Reference device
    Device
  functionality                                                                   Zio AT ECG Monitoring
                  DeepRhythmAI        RhythmAnalytics
                                                               System

                                                                 Programmable
                                                                         Diagnostic Computer;

                                                                     Medical Magnetic Tape
                                                                           Recorder;                     Programmable          Programmable
Classification
                     Diagnostic Computer,     Diagnostic Computer,name                                                                 Telephone
                      Electrocardiograph        Electrocardiograph                                                                            electrocardiograph
                                                                              transmitter and receiver;

                                                                      Arrhythmia detector and
                                                                            alarm
Product Code          DQK, DPS            DQK, DPS        DQK, DSH, DXH, DSI
                  DeepRhythmAI is a      RhythmAnalytics is a   The device is intended
                  cloud-based software for   software application for    to capture, analyze and
                       the assessment of         the assessment of      report symptomatic and
                      cardiac arrhythmias        cardiac arrhythmias    asymptomatic cardiac
                   using two lead ECG data   using single-lead ECG   events and continuous
                            in adult patients.       data in subjects over 18   electrocardiogram
                                  It is intended for use by       years of age. It is      information for long-term
                  a healthcare solution      intended for use by a    monitoring. While
                       integrator to build web,      healthcare solution     continuously recording
                   mobile or another types   integrator to build web or   patient ECG, both
                         of applications to let     mobile applications to let   patient triggered and
                         qualified healthcare        qualified healthcare     automatically-detected
                    professionals review and   professionals review and  arrhythmia events are
                      confirm the analytic        confirm the analytic     transmitted to a
                           result. The product          result. The product     monitoring center for
                    supports downloading     supports downloading    reporting. After wear, a
                   and analyzing data       and analyzing data       final report is generated
                       recorded in the        recorded in compatible   based on the beat-toIndications for
                   compatible formats from    formats from any FDA    beat information from
Use
                    dedicated ambulatory     cleared device used for   the entire ECG
              ECG devices such as         the arrhythmia        recording. It is indicated
                       Holter, event recorder,      diagnostics such as      for use on patients 18
                       Mobile Cardiac         Holter, event recorder,   years or older who may
                     Telemetry or other       or other similar devices   be asymptomatic or who
                      similar devices when the  when assessment of the  may suffer from transient
                    assessment of the       rhythm is necessary.    symptoms such as
                    rhythm is necessary.      RhythmAnalytics can     palpitations, shortness of
                  The product can be       also be electronically     breath, dizziness, lightelectronically interfaced    interfaced, and perform   headedness, preand perform analysis        analysis with data     syncope, syncope,
                       with data transferred      transferred from other    fatigue, or anxiety and
                    from other computer-     computer based ECG    patients who are
                  based ECG systems,      systems, such as an    asymptomatic. The
                     such as an ECG      ECG management      reports are provided for
                 management system.           system.          review by the intended
                 DeepRhythmAI can be       RhythmAnalytics      user to render a
                      integrated into medical     provides ECG signal    diagnosis based on


                                                                                             K210822
                                                                                         Page 5 of 9

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                     DeepRhythmAI
                                                                                 510(k) Summary


                      Subject device         Predicate device        Reference device
    Device
  functionality                                                                   Zio AT ECG Monitoring
                  DeepRhythmAI        RhythmAnalytics
                                                               System

                    devices. In this case, the   processing and analysis,   clinical judgment and
                       medical device      QRS and Ventricular    experience. It is not
                   manufacturer will identify   Ectopic Beat detection,   intended for use on
                      the indication for use   QRS feature extraction,    critical care patients.
                     depending on the        interval measurement,
                        application of their      heart rate measurement,
                             device.           and rhythm analysis.
                                            RhythmAnalytics is not
                DeepRhythmAI is not for    for use in life supporting
                  use in life-supporting or    or sustaining systems or
                      sustaining systems or   ECG monitor and Alarm
              ECG Alarm devices.       devices. The product
                      Interpretation results are    can be integrated into
                     not intended to be the    medical devices. In this
                    sole means of diagnosis.  case, the medical device
                                 It is offered to physicians  manufacturer will identify
                  and clinicians on an       the indication for use
                     advisory basis only in       depending on the
                      conjunction with the         application of their
                     physician's knowledge of   device. RhythmAnalytics
              ECG patterns, patient     interpretation results are
                    background, clinical      not intended to be the
                        history, symptoms and    sole means of diagnosis.
                        other diagnostic          Itis offered to physicians
                            information.         and clinicians on an
                                               advisory basis only in
                                                 conjunction with the
                                                physician's knowledge of
                               ECG patterns, patient
                                             background, clinical
                                                      history, symptoms, and
                                                   other diagnostic
                                                        information.
Level of Concern         Moderate                  Major            No information
                                                                                1) Zio AT Patch
                                                                     Recorder Device
                       Software only:            Software only:           2) Zio AT Wireless
                        1) A web API             1) A web API        Gateway Device with
Components
                       2)  An automated          2)  An automated        Bluetooth and Cellular
                        proprietary algorithm.       proprietary algorithm.        Technology
                                                                              3) ZEUS System for
                                                                           analysis and reporting.
                Web application       Web application       PC / Server Mix to
Interface           programming interface    programming interface       Clinician & Patient
                              (API)                      (API)                 Websites
                    The automated         The automated        The ZEUS System
Part responsible
                         proprietary deep-        proprietary algorithm,     (component of the Zio
for ECG signal
                    learning algorithm, which             i.e., cardiac        AT ECG Monitoring
analysis
                 measures and analyzes      beats/arrhythmias          System) is an


                                                                                             K210822
                                                                                         Page 6 of 9

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                     DeepRhythmAI
                                                                                 510(k) Summary


                      Subject device         Predicate device        Reference device
    Device
  functionality                                                                   Zio AT ECG Monitoring
                  DeepRhythmAI        RhythmAnalytics
                                                               System

              ECG data to provide         detection which          electrocardiogram
                         qualified healthcare     measures and analyzes     (ECG) analysis and
                        professional with     ECG data to provide        reporting software,
                     supportive information       qualified healthcare       designed to process
                                for review.           professional supportive     continuously recorded
                                                 information for review.     single-lead ECG data.
                                                            The ZEUS Software
                                                                     downloads, stores,
                                                                     analyzes and sorts the
                                                 ECG data to allow
                                                                       iRhythm’s Certified
                                                                           Cardiographic
                                                                      Technicians (CCTs) to
                                                                    generate and distribute a
                                                                               report of the findings
                                                                        contained within the
                                                                             data, thereby enabling
                                                                            the provision of a
                                                                      complete ECG
                                                                      processing and analysis
                                                                                 service. The ZEUS
                                                                      Software contains a
                                                                    rhythm classification
                                                                          algorithm utilizing deeplearning technology.
Number of leads
for a received        two lead ECG data       single-lead ECG data      single-lead ECG data
ECG signal


    Display or
                No primary display or    No primary display, it
 Graphical User                                              Has display and GUI
                       GUI                 has a GUI
  Interface (GUI)


                                                                                             K210822
                                                                                         Page 7 of 9

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                       DeepRhythmAI
                                                                                    510(k) Summary

Device comparison summary:

-   Similarities:
    1. The subject device, predicate and reference devices have the same fundamental
        scientific technology and intended use.

    2. The subject device, predicate and reference devices analyze ECG signals, detect
     and classify arrhythmias for compatible formats from FDA -cleared devices.

    3. The subject device and predicate device are software only with callable Application
     Programming Interface (API) used for interaction with clients.

    4. The subject device and the predicate device are not for use in patients requiring
       life-supporting or life-sustaining systems or ECG Alarm devices.

    5. The subject device and the predicate device provide arrhythmia analysis that are
      not intended to be the sole means of diagnosis. In both devices, the ECG analytics
       results are returned to be reviewed and interpreted by a physician or other qualified
      healthcare professional to make a diagnosis.

    6. The subject device, predicate and reference devices have the same patient
       population.

-   Differences:
    1. The predicate and reference devices have Graphical User Interface (GUI), while
     DeepRhythmAI doesn’t have GUI. This is minor difference, and it does not impact
       either safety or effectiveness of the product. Analysis results are made available
        for the user through GUI of the third-party software integrated with DeepRhythmAI,
      but  it does not cause neither safety nor effectiveness impact. GUI just makes  it
       easier for users.

   2. The predicate device and reference device have different Levels of Concern . The
      Level of Concern of the subject device has been determined according to the FDA
      “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in
     Medica Devices, May 11, 2005


                                                                                                K210822
                                                                                            Page 8 of 9

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                        DeepRhythmAI
                                                                                     510(k) Summary

 VII.  Summary of performance data

 The DeepRhythmAI software for arrhythmia detection and automated analysis of ECG
 data has been subjected to performance testing according to the recognized consensus
 standards, ANSI/AAMI/IEC 60601-2-47:2012/(R)2016 and AAMI/ANSI/EC57:2012.

 Medicalgorithmics followed ANSI/AAMI/IEC 62304 and the FDA Guidance Document,
 “General Principles of Software Validation; Final Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff”
 (January, 2002) with respect to software development and validation.

 All necessary testing was conducted on the DeepRhythmAI to support a determination of
 substantial equivalence to the predicate and reference devices. Test results confirm that
 DeepRhythmAI meets its intended use.


VIII.   Conclusion

 The Medicalgorithmics’ DeepRhythmAI is substantially equivalent to the predicate and
 reference devices as supported by the descriptive information and the performance
 testing. The subject device complies with all applicable FDA requirements, recognized
 consensus    standards   and   guidance   documents.   Any   differences     in
 technological characteristics have been analyzed and addressed through performance
 testing that demonstrated that the DeepRhythmAI meets its intended use and that any
 differences between the subject device and the predicate and reference devices do not
 raise any new issues of safety or effectiveness.


                                                                                                K210822
                                                                                            Page 9 of 9