Lunit Inc.

Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20004


Re: K211678
    Trade/Device Name:  Lunit INSIGHT MMG
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2090
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer assisted detection and diagnosis software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QDQ

Dear John Smith:

The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is sending this letter to notify you of an administrative change
related to your previous substantial equivalence (SE) determination letter dated October 7, 2021.
Specifically, FDA is updating this SE Letter due to a typographical error in the 510(k) summary as an
administrative correction. Specifically the substantial equivalence table contains an additional column,
which could trigger a misinterpretation for members of the public.

Please note that the 510(k) submission was not re-reviewed. For questions regarding this letter please contact
Jessica Lamb, OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health, 301-796-6167,
Jessica.Lamb@fda.hhs.gov.

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

Lunit Inc.
          J. Smith, M.D., J.D.
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street NW
WASHINGTON DC 20004

Re: K211678
    Trade/Device Name: Lunit INSIGHT MMG
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2090
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer assisted detection and diagnosis software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QDQ
    Dated: October 7, 2021
    Received: October 7, 2021

Dear Dr. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K211678 - John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.                                                      Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                        Food and Drug Administration                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                      See PRA Statement below

510(k) Number (if known)
K211678

Device Name

Lunit INSIGHT MMG
Indications for Use (Describe)

Lunit INSIGHT MMG is a radiological Computer-Assisted Detection and Diagnosis (CADe/x) software device
based on an artificial intelligence algorithm intended to aid in the detection, localization, and characterization of
suspicious areas for breast cancer on mammograms from compatible FFDM systems. As an adjunctive tool, the
device is intended to be viewed by interpreting physicians after completing their initial read.

It is not intended as a replacement for a complete physician’s review or their clinical judgement that takes into
account other relevant information from the image or patient history. Lunit INSIGHT MMG uses screening
mammograms of the female population.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                      Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                       CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                    This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
         *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response,
          including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data
        needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden
          estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this
         burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human
                                           Services Food and Drug
                                             Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA)
                                                  Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

           “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                             Page 1 of 1                                      PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

                                            1

510(k) Summary

               Lunit INSIGHT MMG (K211678)

  This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is prepared in accordance with the
                               requirements of 21 CFR §807.92.


Date Prepared: November 15, 2021

I. SUBMITTER

Manufacturer:
Lunit Inc.
15 Floor, 27 Teheran-ro 2-gil, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea 06241
Phone +82-2-2138-0827
Fax +82-2-2135-5413

Contact Person:
Joohee Lee
Regulatory Affairs Specialist

II. DEVICE

Name of Device: Lunit INSIGHT MMG
Common or Usual Name: Lunit INSIGHT MMG
Classification Name: Radiological Computer Assisted Detection/Diagnosis Software For
Suspicious Lesions For Cancer
Classification Regulation: 21 CFR 892.2090
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: QDQ

III. PREDICATE DEVICE

Predicate Device
       Manufacturer Name: Screenpoint Medical B.V.
       Device Trade Name: TransparaTM
       510(k) Number: K192287

IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Lunit INSIGHT MMG is a radiological Computer-Assisted Detection and Diagnosis (CADe/x) software
for aiding interpreting physicians with the detection, localization, and characterization of suspicious
areas for breast cancer on mammograms from compatible FFDM (full-field digital mammography)
systems. The software applies an artificial intelligence algorithm for recognition of suspicious lesions,

which are trained with large databases of biopsy proven examples of breast cancer, benign lesions
and normal tissues.

Lunit INSIGHT MMG automatically analyzes the mammograms received from the client’s image
storage system (e.g., Picture Archiving and Communication System (PACS)) or other radiological
imaging equipment. Following receipt of mammograms, the software device de-identifies the copies
of images in DICOM format (.dcm) and then automatically analyzes each image and identifies and
characterizes suspicious areas for breast cancer. The analysis result is converted into DICOM file and
the result is saved within the designated storage location (e.g., PACS, x-ray system, etc.)

Lunit INSIGHT MMG processes mammograms and the output of the device can be viewed by
interpreting physicians after completing their initial read. As an analysis result, the software device
allows a visualization and quantitative estimation of the likelihood of the presence of a malignant
lesion. The suspicious lesions are marked by a visualized map and an abnormality score, which
reflects general likelihood of presence of malignancy, is presented for each lesion, as well as for each
breast.

V. INDICATIONS FOR USE

Lunit INSIGHT MMG is a radiological Computer-Assisted Detection and Diagnosis (CADe/x) software
device based on an artificial intelligence algorithm intended to aid in the detection, localization, and
characterization of suspicious areas for breast cancer on mammograms from compatible FFDM
systems. As an adjunctive tool, the device is intended to be viewed by interpreting physicians after
completing their initial read.

It is not intended as a replacement for a complete physician’s review or their clinical judgement that
takes into account other relevant information from the image or patient history. Lunit INSIGHT MMG
uses screening mammograms of the female population.

VI. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERSTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE

The Lunit INSIGHT MMG and the predicate Transpara have the similar indications where both devices
are intended to assist a clinical user in the detection, localization, and characterization suspicious
areas for breast cancer on mammography images. Also, both devices have the same intended user,
and patient populations, and use the same imaging modality. The differences in the indications are
with respect to the clinical workflow where the predicate device is intended to be used for concurrent
read of images while the Lunit INSIGHT MMG is intended to be viewed by interpreting physicians after
completing their initial read. Neither device is intended as a replacement for the review of a clinician
or their clinical judgement and the patient management decisions are not made solely on the basis of
analysis of the device. The minor difference in the indications with respect to the clinical workflow does
not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness.

Lunit INSIGHT MMG and predicate share similar technological characteristics. Both devices are
radiological computer assisted detection and diagnostic software based on an artificial intelligence
algorithm that detect, identify and characterize findings based on features or information extracted
from images. Both devices provide information about the presence and location of the findings to the
user. As both devices process radiological images using similar machine learning techniques to


                                       2

highlight abnormalities, the same types of safety and effectiveness questions are raised between
devices. Both devices are support tools that provide relevant clinical data as an additional resource to
the physician and will not replace the clinical expertise and judgement of the clinical user.

Both devices provide users with a numeric score indicating the likelihood of a presence of a malignant
lesion however, the scoring system is different. Both devices provide a lesion score indicating
likelihood of presence of malignancy. Lunit INSIGHT MMG analyzes per-breast abnormality score that
takes the maximum scores from two views (i.e. CC, MLO). However, the predicate device analyzes
the overall likelihood that cancer is present in a mammogram and categorizes the exams on a scale
of 1 to 10 with increasing likelihood of cancer. The minor differences do not raise any different
questions for its performance or safety; both devices provide clinically useful information to physicians
who are reviewing a mammogram.

A comparison of the technological characteristics with the predicate device is summarized in Table 1.


VII. PERFORMANCE DATA

Non-clinical performance Data

The Lunit INSIGHT MMG is considered as a “moderate” level of concern, since a failure or a latent
design flaw of the software device could result in Minor injury, either to a patient or to a user of the
device. Based on results of verification and validation tests, Lunit INSIGHT MMG is effective in the
detection of suspicious lesion for breast cancer at an appropriate safety level in mammograms.
Verification tests which consisted of software unit testing, integration testing and system testing were
successfully completed to assure that the software application satisfied the software requirements.
Validation testing determining standalone performance of the algorithms in Lunit INSIGHT MMG was
also completed successfully. Validation and verification test results demonstrated that Lunit INSIGHT
MMG is as safe and effective as the predicate device.


                                       3

Standalone Performance Testing

Standalone Performance Study of the Lunit INSIGHT MMG assessed the performance of software
algorithm for breast cancer detection in screening mammography.

Total  of 2412 mammograms were  collected  using  Hologic, GE  Healthcare, and Siemens
mammography equipment. The standalone performance of Lunit INSIGHT MMG for breast cancer
detection in screening mammography is examined as comparing the reference standards and the
analysis results of the device. The dataset used in the study is independent from the dataset used for
development of the algorithm and the US pivotal reader study.

The primary endpoint of the standalone performance measured the Lunit INSIGHT MMG performance
compared to radiologist performance alone. ROC AUC in the standalone performance analysis was
0.903 (95%  CI:  0.889-0.917)  with  statistical  significance  (p <  0.0001), which demonstrates
improvement compared to the interpretation performance of radiologists when reading mammograms
unaided. The secondary exploratory endpoints are two types of LROC AUC, sensitivity and specificity
and these results are as follow:

[Standalone Analysis Results]
 ROC AUC [95% CI]                                     0.903 [0.889, 0.917]
                                                               *p < 0.0001
 Type I LROC AUC [95% CI]                              0.781 [0.751, 0.812]
 Type II LROC AUC [95% CI]                             0.792 [0.763, 0.822]
 Sensitivity (%) [95% CI]                                 85.74 [82.95, 88.53]
 Specificity (%) [95% CI]                                 75.62 [73.64, 77.60]

Clinical Testing – Reader Study

Clinical Performance Assessment was conducted to evaluate effectiveness of Lunit INSIGHT MMG in
the assistance  of detection and diagnosis  of breast cancer during screening mammography
interpretation. A retrospective, multi-reader multi-case (MRMC) study was conducted comparing the
reading panel’s interpretation performance with and without the assistance of the Lunit INSIGHT MMG
during the screening mammography interpretation.

Total  of 240 mammograms were collected using Hologic and GE Healthcare mammography
equipment in the US. During the study, 12 MQSA qualified reading panelists performed their
interpretation independently using a setting similar to a screening procedure in the U.S. Reading
panelists interpret cases without CAD assistance first then re-interpret of the same cases with Test 1
reading results in assistance of the Lunit INSIGHT MMG. To minimize any potential bias, the reading
order for each reading panelists was randomized.

The primary objective of the reader study is to determine that the diagnostic ability of radiologist with
CAD assistance is superior to without CAD assistance. Radiologist performance was assessed with
an  inter-test comparison  of measuring FBR (Forced BI-RADS) ROC AUC between reader’s
interpretation and device-assisted interpretation for the detection of malignant lesions in the study.
Success criteria of the study was defined as the p-value of the ROC AUC difference test is less than


                                       4

the significance level of 5% and the lower bound of two-sided 95% CI (Confidence Interval) of the AUC
difference (Test 2-Test 1) is above 0. Secondary exploratory endpoints of the reader study assessed
inter-test difference in LCM (level of confidence of malignancy) LROC AUC, LCM ROC AUC, and
recall rate in cancer and non-cancer group (sensitivity and 1-specificity).

For the primary endpoint, the average inter-test difference in ROC AUC between Test 2 and Test 1
was 0.051 (95% CI: 0.027-0.075) with  statistical significance (P=0.0001), which indicates that
physician’s interpretation ability for breast cancer in mammograms is improved in Test 2 (with CAD)
from Test 1 (without CAD).

[Primary Endpoint Results of the Pivotal Reader Study]
                          Test1           Test2         Test2-Test1        P-value

                           0.754            0.805            0.051
 ROC AUC (95%CI)                                                          0.0001
                           (0.702, 0.807)     (0.759, 0.852)     (0.027, 0.075)


All secondary exploratory endpoints have shown higher performance in assistance of the device, the
inter-test differences for each assessment are as follow: LCM LROC 0.094 (95% CI: 0.056 - 0.132),
LCM ROC AUC 0.052 (95% CI: 0.026 - 0.079), recall rate in cancer group (sensitivity) 5.97(95% CI:
2.48 - 9.46), and recall rate in non-cancer group (1-specificity) -1.46 (95% CI: -3.41 - 0.05). Results of
the primary and secondary analysis of the clinical testing demonstrate improvement for breast cancer
detection and diagnosis using Lunit INSHGT MMG in mammograms.

Separated from the standalone performance test, an additional assessment of standalone algorithm
performance was conducted with same cases from the reader study, using the Lunit INIGHT MMG
without reader intervention as a sole means of reading mammograms compared to the software
output. ROC AUC in the standalone performance analysis is 0.863 (95% CI: 0.818 - 0.909) which
exceeds the results of every reading panelist in Test 1 (CAD unaided).


                                       5

[Plot  Comparison  of  the  standalone  performance, CAD  unaided  and  aided  reader
interpretation]


VIII. CONCLUSIONS

The non-clinical performance data and clinical data showed that Lunit INSIGHT MMG is as safe and
effective as the predicate device. In particular, the effectiveness of the Lunit INSIGHT MMG in
assistance of detection and diagnosis of breast cancer during screening mammography interpretation
has been verified in the US population by confirming that the improvement for breast cancer detection
and diagnosis before and after use of the Lunit INSIGHT MMG. In addition, the study results lead a
positive expectation in an aspect of the clinical benefit that false positives and false negatives are
reduced in the screening mammograms with the use of the Lunit INSIGHT MMG. In a conclusion, with
all the clinical evidence achieved from the clinical study, the Lunit INSIGHT MMG can be considered
to perform effectively in assistance of detection and diagnosis of breast cancer.

The Lunit INSIGHT MMG has the similar intended uses, indications, technological characteristics, and
principles of operation as  its predicate device. Both devices detect and characterize findings in
radiological breast images and provide information about the presence, location, and characteristics
of the findings to the user in a similar way. The minor differences in indications do not alter the intended
of the device and do not affect its safety and effectiveness. In addition, the minor technological
differences between the Lunit INSIGHT MMG and its predicate devices raise no new questions of
safety or effectiveness. Performance data demonstrate that the Lunit INSIGHT MMG is as safe and
effective as the predicate Transpara. Thus, the Lunit INSIGHT MMG is substantially equivalent.


                                       6

Table 1 – Comparison Between Subject and Predicate Devices


   Technical              Subject Device                    Predicate Device
Characteristics         Lunit INSIGHT MMG             Transpara™ (K192287)

               21 CFR 892.2090                 21 CFR 892.2090
 Classification
  Regulation    Radiological Computer Assisted        Radiological Computer Assisted
                 Detection and Diagnosis software      Detection and Diagnosis software

Medical Device  Class II                            Class II
 Classification
 Product Code  QDQ                    QDQ
   Level of     Moderate                         Moderate
   Concern
            A reading aid for physicians        A reading aid for physicians
                    interpreting screening FFDM            interpreting screening FFDM
                 acquired with compatible              acquired with compatible Intended Use
              mammography systems, to identify    mammography systems, to identify
                   findings and assess their level of       findings and assess their level of
                  suspicion.                              suspicion.

 Target patient  Women undergoing FFDM screening  Women undergoing FFDM screening
  population   mammography                  mammography

  Target user    Physicians interpreting FFDM         Physicians interpreting FFDM
  population    screening mammograms              screening mammograms

   Design      Software-only device                  Software-only device

                   Lunit INSIGHT MMG is a radiological  The ScreenPoint Transpara™
                Computer-Assisted Detection and     system is intended for use as a
 Indication for
                 Diagnosis (CADe/x) software device    concurrent reading aid for physicians
    Use
               based on an artificial intelligence        interpreting screening mammograms
                  algorithm intended to aid in the        from compatible FFDM system, to
                   detection, localization, and               identify regions suspicious for breast
                                         7

Technical              Subject Device                    Predicate Device
Characteristics         Lunit INSIGHT MMG             Transpara™ (K192287)

                   characterization of suspicious areas    cancer and assess their likelihood of
                     for breast cancer on mammograms    malignancy. Output of the device
                from compatible FFDM systems. As    includes marks placed on suspicious
               an adjunctive tool, the device is         soft tissue lesions and suspicious
                 intended to be viewed by interpreting   calcifications; region‐based scores,
                  physicians after completing their       displayed upon the physician’s query,
                         initial read. It is not intended as a       indicating the likelihood that cancer is
                replacement for a complete            present in specific regions; and an
                  physician’s review or their clinical       overall score indicating the likelihood
                judgement that takes into account      that cancer is present on the
                  other relevant information from the    mammogram. Patient management
               image or patient history. The Lunit     decisions should not be made solely
              INSIGHT MMG uses screening       on the basis of analysis by
             mammograms of the female          Transpara™.
                  population.

 Device output   Output of the device includes marks    Output of the device includes marks
   in case of     with visualized map such as heatmap   in outlines placed on suspicious soft
    positive      placed on suspicious lesions for        tissue lesions and suspicious
   detection     breast cancer; lesion score,              calcifications; region‐based scores,
                   indicating the likelihood of presence    displayed upon the physician’s query,
                    of the malignancy in specific regions;   indicating the likelihood that cancer is
               and an abnormality score indicating    present in specific regions; and an
                  the likelihood of the presence of        overall score indicating the likelihood
                malignancy per-breast in the            that cancer is present on the
             mammogram. The per-breast        mammogram.
                 abnormality score takes maximum
                 score from two views (i.e., CC, MLO)
                    of a breast which is the maximum
                   lesion score in the breast.

    Score       Finding level:                         Finding level:


                                         8

Technical              Subject Device                    Predicate Device
Characteristics         Lunit INSIGHT MMG             Transpara™ (K192287)

                Score 1-100 indicating likelihood of    Continuous score 1-100 indicating
                presence of malignancy (from low      the level of suspicion of malignancy
                  suspicion to high suspicion).           (from low suspicion to high
                                                           suspicion).

                 Breast level:                         Breast level: None
                Score 1-100 indicating the level of
                  suspicious of malignancy.
              The maximum scores from two view
                         (i.e., CC, MLO) of a breast which is
                  the maximum lesion score in the
                  breast

             Exam level: None               Exam level: 10-point scale score
                                                              indicative of higher frequency of
                                                   cancer positive

 Performance   Reader study:                     Reader study:
                                   240 cases                                       240 cases
                                   12 radiologists                                 14 radiologists

                       cf. Reading time was not measured    Reading time:
                     in this study.                                                146 seconds (unaided
                                                               session)
                                                                                            149 seconds (with
                                                       Transpara™)
           ROC AUC:
                                           AUC:                   radiologists AUC (unaided) = 0.754
                   radiologists AUC (aided) = 0.805                    radiologists AUC (unaided) =
                                                           0.866
                                                                                             radiologists AUC (aided) =                Standalone Performance Test:
                                                           0.886                                   2412 cases

                                         9

Technical              Subject Device                    Predicate Device
Characteristics         Lunit INSIGHT MMG             Transpara™ (K192287)

           ROC AUC = 0.903                                       standalone AUC = 0.887


 Image Source  FFDM                     FFDM
   Modality
 Fundamental    In Lunit INSIGHT MMG, a range of     In Transpara, a range of medical
   scientific     medical image processing and        image processing and machine
  technology    machine learning techniques are       learning techniques are implemented.
                implemented. The system includes    The system includes ‘deep learning’
                 ‘deep learning’ algorithm applied to     algorithm applied to images for
               images for recognition of suspicious    recognition of suspicious lesions for
                  lesions for breast cancer. The          breast cancer. The machine learning
               machine learning components are     components are trained to detect
                   trained to detect suspicious lesions     suspicious lesions for breast cancer
                     for breast cancer with large            with large databases of biopsydatabases of biopsy-proven cases of   proven cases of breast cancer,
                  breast cancer, benign lesions and     benign lesions and normal tissues.
                normal tissues.


                                         10