AIbolit Technologies, LLC
Howard Schrayer
Official Correspondent
9616 Moritz Way
Delray Beach, Florida 33446
                                                                     January 7, 2022Re: K211443
    Trade/Device Name:  Aibolit 3D+
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: November 30, 2021
    Received: December 2, 2021


Dear Howard Schrayer:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K211443 - Howard Schrayer                                                            Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                          For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

INDICATIONS FOR USE
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use ‘See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
TBD
K21143
Device Name
AIBOLIT 3D+
Indications for Use (Describe)
Aibolit 3D+ is intended as a medical imaging system that allows the processing, review, analysis, communication and
media interchange of multi-dimensional digital images acquired from CT imaging devices. Aibolit 3D+ is intended as
software for preoperative surgical planning, training, patient information and as software for the intraoperative display of
the multidimensional digital images. Aibolit 3D+ is designed for use by health care professionals and is intended to assist
the clinician who is responsible for making all final patient management decisions.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
[& Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (1 Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
“DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
‘The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 ‘PSC Piling Services 900) 40-60 EF
4

K211443


                                Exhibit E - 510(k) Summary
                                   (Per 21 CFR 807.92)

     Contact:              Howard Schrayer
                                     AIbolit Technologies, LLC
                          9616 Moritz Way
                              Delray Beach, FL 33446

                             Telephone: 609-273-7350
                               hs.ss@lucidmedical.net

     Date Prepared:          January 7, 2022

     Device Trade Name:    AIBOLIT 3D+

     Manufacturer:             AIbolit Technologies, LLC
                          9616 Moritz Way
                              Delray Beach, FL 33446

    Common Name:        Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
                              Medical image management and processing system


      Classification:          Class II

     Product Code:         QIH - LLZ

      Regulation:            21 CFR 892.2050

      Predicate Devices:

     Primary Predicate
                             Ceevra, Inc.
                           Ceevra Reveal 2.0
                           Image Processing System
                                 [510(k) K173274]

     Reference Predicate
                                       Intuitive Surgical, Inc.
                               IRIS 1.0 System
                                 [510(k) K182643]

Indications for Use:

Aibolit 3D+ is intended as a medical imaging system that allows the processing,
review, analysis, communication and media interchange of multi-dimensional digital
images acquired from CT imaging devices. Aibolit 3D+ is intended as software for
preoperative surgical planning, training, patient information and as software for the
intraoperative display of the multidimensional digital images. Aibolit 3D+ is designed
for use by health care professionals and is intended to assist the clinician who is
responsible for making all final patient management decisions.

Device Description:

Aibolit 3D+ is a web-based stand-alone application that can be presented on a
computer connected to the internet. Once the enhanced images are created, they
can be used by the physician for case review, patient education, professional
training and intraoperative reference.

Aibolit 3D+ is a software only device, which processes CT images from a patient to
create 3-dimensional images that may be manipulated to view the anatomy from
virtually any perspective. The software also allows for transparent viewing of
anatomical structures artifacts inside organs such as ducts, vessels, lesions and
entrapped calcifications (stones). Anatomical structures are identified by name and
differential coloration to highlight them within the region of interest.

The software may help to facilitate the surgeon’s decision-making during planning,
review and conduct of surgical procedures and, hence, may potentially help them to
decrease or prevent possible errors caused by the misidentification of anatomical
structures and their positional relationship.

Substantial Equivalence and Predicate Devices:

The device was shown to be substantially equivalent to a previously cleared video
image processing system, the Ceevra Reveal 2.0 Image Processing System [510(k)
K173274].

Predicate Comparison Table
 Manufacturer          AIbolit Technologies, LLC              Ceevra
                                               Ceevra Reveal 2.0                    AIBOLIT 3D+ Trade Name                                             Image Processing System                   Image Processing System
 510(k) Number       Subject Device - TBD         K173274
                        Radiological Image             Radiological Image Processing
 Type of Device/      Processing System / QIH -     System / LLZ
 Product Code /     LLZ

 Regulation / Class   21 CFR 892.2050 – Class II    21 CFR 893.2050 – Class II
                           Aibolit 3D+ is intended as a    Ceevra Reveal 2.0 is intended as
                      medical imaging system that   a medical imaging system that
                       allows the processing, review,   allows the processing, review,
                         analysis, communication and    analysis, communication
                   media interchange of multi-    and media interchange of multidimensional digital images      dimensional digital images
                      acquired from CT imaging      acquired from CT or MR imaging
                       devices.  It is also intended as   devices. It is also intended as
                       software for preoperative       software for preoperative surgical
                         surgical planning, training,      planning, and as software for the
 Indications for Use
                         patient information and as       intraoperative display of the
                       software for the intraoperative   aforementioned multidimensional
                        display of the multidimensional  digital images. Ceevra Reveal 2.0
                             digital images. Aibolit 3D+ is     is designed for use by health care
                     designed for use by health      professionals and is intended to
                      care professionals and is        assist the clinician who is
                      intended to assist the clinician   responsible for making all final
                 who is responsible for making   patient management decisions.
                                all final patient management
                        decisions.
                     Capture and enhancement of   Capture and enhancement of
                   (DICOM) digital video images   (DICOM) digital video images via
 Mechanism of        via software-based conversion  software-based conversion to 2-D
 Action                 to 2-D and 3-D anatomical     and 3-D anatomical structure
                         structure images that can be    images that can be manipulated
                     manipulated for viewing          for viewing
                      Health care professionals       Health care professionals
 Intended Users

 Intended Use        Healthcare facilities such as    Healthcare facilities such as
 Environment         hospitals and clinics             hospitals and clinics

DICOM                 DICOM
Format of Captured
Images

                   AIBOLIT 3D+ is intended for    Intended as a medical imaging
                   use as a medical imaging      system that allows the
                   system that allows the          processing, review, analysis,
                      processing, review, analysis,   communication and media
                    communication and media      interchange of multi- dimensional
                     interchange of multi-               digital images acquired from CT
                     dimensional digital images      or MR imaging devices. It is also
                     acquired from CT imaging      intended as software for
                      devices. It is also intended as   preoperative surgical planning,
                      software for preoperative      and as software for the
Intended Use                        surgical planning, and as        intraoperative display of the
                      software for the intraoperative   aforementioned multidisplay of multi- dimensional    dimensional digital images.
                           digital images. AIBOLIT 3D+    Ceevra Reveal 2.0 is designed for
                            is designed for use by health   use by health care professionals
                     care professionals and is      and is intended to assist the
                     intended to assist the clinician   clinician who is responsible for
                 who is responsible for making   making all final patient
                        patient management         management decisions.
                       decisions.

                   Data coded and HIPAA        Data coded and HIPAA compliantSecurity
                     compliant
                   AIBOLIT 3D+ is a software     The Ceevra Reveal 2.0 Video
                      only device that permits        Processor is a software only
                        electronic image uploads,       device that permits electronic
Form of Device      provides image conversion     image uploads, provides image
                  and allows viewing on a        conversion and allows viewing on
                     mobile device or standard      a mobile device or standard
                   computer monitor.            computer monitor.
                        High-definition digital images    High-definition digital images
Image processing                  up to 4K

                     Generation of 2D and 3D       Generation of 2D and 3D images
                   images from DICOM data      from DICOM data
                  Organ segmentation and      Organ segmentation and structure
                        structure identification            identification
Functions           Dimensional and volume       Dimensional and volume
                     references                     references
                        Multi-axis image rotation         Multi-axis image rotation
                  Organ transparency
                  Organ retraction animation
Body contact      None                    None

Physician uploads DICOM      Physician uploads DICOM images
                   images and specifies desired   and specifies desired anatomical
                     anatomical segments of       segments of interest
                         interest
                                                Imaging technician annotates
                       Radiologist annotates sample   sample (segments) images
                    (segments) images
                                                Imaging technician generates
                      AI software facilitates            multi-axis rotatable image and
                      annotation of available images  returns output file to requesting
User Interface and
                    under guidance and control by  physician
System Work-Flow
                      the Radiologist

                    Imaging technician generates
                        multi-axis rotatable image and
                        retraction model

                       Radiologist reviews images
                    generated by imaging
                       technician and returns output
                                file to requesting physician
External / Internet   Web-based software         Web-based software
Connections

CT Image          By requesting physician       By requesting physician
Uploading

Other User Inputs    List of organ structures to be     List of organ structures to be
                    annotated and displayed,       annotated and displayed, patient
                       patient ID and demographics    ID and demographics

Image            By Radiologist (MD) – Manual  By Imaging Technician – Manual
Segmentation        annotation is done for all CT     annotation done for all CT slices –
                        slices with optional use of     No software used for annotation
                   AI/ML algorithms as
                    determined by Radiologist and
                       with Radiologist’s approval

Organ            By Radiologist              Unknown proprietary method
identification                                  used to identify organ structures

3D Image         3D image file generated by 3rd  3D image file generated by 3rd
generation           party software (3D Slicer)        party software
                       following Radiologist review
                  and approval of annotation

Organ structure      Proprietary software assigns    Proprietary software assigns color
identification         color coding to each structure   coding to each structure identified
                         identified by Radiologist and    by imaging technician and
                      displays color-coded image      displays color-coded image with
                       with labeled key to            key to color/structure identity
                        color/structure identity

Image editing       Only the radiologist can alter    Imaging technician can edit
permission           or edit images following review  images generated by the system
                  – User physicians cannot edit   software – User physicians
                   images - Physicians have       cannot edit images - Physicians
                      option to show or hide organs   have option to show or hide
                  on display                    organs on display

Device Output     3D image can be displayed on  3D image can be displayed on
Devices             standard monitor               standard monitor, smart phone
                                                           (with separate software) or Virtual
                                                Imaging 3D headset

Supplemental      Organ structure dimensions,    Organ structure dimensions,
outputs             volume, organ labels, patient    volume, organ labels, patient ID
                        ID, CT date and demographics  and demographics

Output image        Physician user can show or     Physician user can show or hide
manipulation by     hide individual organ             individual organ structures, zoom
user                   structures, zoom capability,      capability, rotational capability,
                         rotational capability and         transparency capability (current
                     transparency capability          version)

Performance Testing:

The following documentation was submitted in the 510(k).

Hardware Requirements
Level of Concern Statement
Software Description
Architecture Design
User Manual and Instructions for Use
Software Design Specification
Risk Analysis
Traceability Analysis
Software Validation Report
Usability Evaluation
Software Development Lifecycle
Unresolved Anomalies
Cybersecurity


Conclusion

AIBOLIT 3D+ is substantially equivalent to the previously cleared Ceevra Reveal 2.0
Image Processing System with respect to intended use, principle of operation,
general technological characteristics and performance.