Qure.ai Technologies                                                           July 30, 2021
℅ Pooja Rao
Head, Research and Development
Level 7, Commerz II, International Business park, Oberoi
Garden City, Goregaon(E)
Mumbai, Maharashtra 400063
INDIA

Re: K211222
    Trade/Device Name: qER-Quant
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing systems
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: June 30, 2021
    Received: July 1, 2021

Dear Pooja Rao:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K211222 - Pooja Rao                                                                  Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K211222
Device Name
qER-Quant
Indications for Use (Describe)
The qER-Quant device is intended for automatic labeling, visualization and quantification of segmentable brain structures
from a set of Non-Contrast head CT (NCCT) images. The software is intended to automate the current manual process of
identifying, labeling and quantifying the volume of segmentable brain structures identified on NCCT images.
qER-Quant provides volumes from NCCT images acquired at a single time point and provides a table with comparative
analysis for two or more images that were acquired on the same scanner with the same image acquisition protocol for the
same individual at multiple time points.
The qER-Quant software is indicated for use in the analysis of the following structures: Intracranial Hyperdensities,
Lateral Ventricles and Midline Shift.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) SUMMARY         K211222

                                       Qure.ai’s qER-Quant


1.1   Submitter


Qure.ai Technologies
Level 7, Commerz II,
International Business Park
Oberoi Garden City, Goregaon (E),
Mumbai 400 063
Phone: +91-9820474098
Contact Person: Pooja Rao


Date Prepared:  April 20, 2021


1.2   Device


       Name of Device:  qER-Quant


 Common or Usual Name:  Automated Radiological Image Processing Software


       Classification Name:  Medical image management and processing system


         Regulatory Class:  Class II


       Regulation Number:  21 CFR 892.2050


           Product Code:  QIH


1.3   Predicate Device


       Name of Device:  Icobrain


           Manufacturer:  Icometrix NV


           510(k) Number:  K181939


Intended Use / Indications for Use:


The qER-Quant device is intended for automatic labeling, visualization and quantification of
segmentable brain structures from a set of Non-Contrast head CT (NCCT) images. The software is


                                      1

intended to automate the current manual process of identifying, labeling and quantifying the
volume of segmentable brain structures identified on NCCT images.


qER-Quant provides volumes from NCCT images acquired at a single time point and provides a
table with comparative analysis for two or more images that were acquired on the same scanner
with the same image acquisition protocol for the same individual at multiple time points.

The qER-Quant software is indicated for use in the analysis of the following structures: Intracranial
Hyperdensities, Lateral Ventricles and Midline Shift.


1.4   Device Description


qER-Quant is a standalone software device that processes non-contrast head CT scans to outline
and quantify the structures described in the intended use. The qER-Quant software interacts with
the user’s picture archiving and communication system (PACS) to receive scans and returns the
results to the same destination.

The analysis module of the qER-Quant software contains of a set of pre-trained convolutional
neural networks (CNNs), that form the core processing component shown in Figure 1. This core
processing component is coupled with a pre-processing module to prepare input digital imaging
and communications in medicine (DICOMs) for processing by the CNNs and a post-processing
module to convert the output into visual and tabular output for users.


                  Figure 1: Schematic showing qER-Quant design and workflow


CT scans are sent to qER-Quant by means of transmission functions within the user’s PACS system.
Upon completion of processing, the qER-Quant device returns results to the user’s PACS or other
user-specified radiology software system or database.


                                      2

The inputs to qER-Quant are non-contrast head CT scans in DICOM format. The plain axial series
       of the input DICOM file is used for processing. The qER-Quant device produces PDF and DICOM
      format outputs that enable users to view the quantification results in visual and table form.

     PDF format output consists of a table with volumes of the quantified structure and selected
      preview images showing representative CT scan slices. If more than one CT scans from the same
       subject and the same scanner is available, qER-Quant performs a comparison between the scans,
      and returns a longitudinal comparison with a graphic illustrating the changes in absolute volume
      and size of the quantified structures over time.

     DICOM format output consists of a complete additional series with labeled overlays indicating the
       location and extent of the quantified structures.


       1.5   Comparison with Predicate Device


       Like the predicate device, qER-Quant is intended for automatic labeling, visualization and
       quantification of segmentable brain structures. The devices both take DICOM format 3D images of
      the brain as input and generate an electronic report in PDF and DICOM formats with similar
       quantitative information. The primary difference is that qER-Quant operates only on NCCT scans,
       while the predicate device operates on both MRI and NCCT scans. The table below compares qERQuant with the predicate device, and lists the similarities and differences between them. The
      minor differences do not raise any new questions of safety or effectiveness.


                 Table 1: Comparison between qER-Quant and the Predicate Device

                  qER-Quant Device                        Predicate Device
                    Subject Device


Device Name       qER-Quant                                Icobrain
510(k) Number     K211222                            K181939
Regulation         21 CFR 892.2050                     21 CFR 892.2050
Product Code      QIH                                    LLZ
Regulation          Medical image management and           Picture archiving and communications
Description          processing system                      system
Device type        Automated Radiological Image             Radiological Image Processing System
                    Processing Software
Manufacturer       Qure.ai Technologies                      icometrix NV

                 Overview of Similarities between qER-Quant and the Predicate Device


                                            3

qER-Quant Device                        Predicate Device
                    Subject Device


Intended Use/      The qER-Quant device is intended for     The Icobrain device is intended for
Indications for Use   automatic labeling, visualization and       automatic labeling, visualization and
                      quantification of segmentable brain       volumetric quantification of segmentable
                     structures from a set of Non-Contrast      brain structures from a set of MR or NCCT
                 head CT (NCCT) images. The software is   images. This software is intended to
                   intended to automate the current        automate the current manual process of
                 manual process of identifying, labeling      identifying, labeling and quantifying the
                 and quantifying the volume of           volume of segmentable brain structures
                  segmentable brain structures identified    identified on MR or NCCT images.
                 on NCCT images.                          Icobrain consists of two distinct image
                  qER-Quant provides volumes from NCCT   processing pipelines: icobrain cross and
                  images acquired at a single time point      icobrain long.
                 and provides a table with comparative     icobrain cross is intended to provide
                      analysis for two or more images that      volumes from MR or NCCT images acquired
                 were acquired on the same scanner with   at a single time point.
                   the same image acquisition protocol for    icobrain long is intended to provide changes
                   the same individual at multiple time         in volumes between two MR images that
                      points.                             were acquired on the same scanner, with
                  The qER-Quant software is indicated for   the same image acquisition protocol and
                   use in the analysis of the following         with same contrast at two different
                      structures: Abnormal Intracranial          timepoints.
                     Hyperdensities, Lateral Ventricles and     The results of icobrain cross cannot be
                    Midline Shift.                        compared with the results of icobrain long.

Technological           - Software package                                - Software package
Characteristics         - Operates on off-the-shelf hardware         - Operates on off-the-shelf hardware
                      (multiple vendors)                         (multiple vendors)
                             - DICOM compatible                               - DICOM compatible
                             - Segmentation by deep learning               - Segmentation by classical machine
                     (supervised voxel classification with        learning and deep learning (supervised
                    Convolutional Neural Networks)           voxel classification with Convolutional
                                                          Neural Networks)


Output              Multiple electronic reports with           Multiple electronic reports with volumetric
                    volumetric information of brain           information of brain structures and midline
                     structures and midline shift AND             shift AND
                  Annotated DICOM Images               Annotated DICOM Images
Reference          Accuracy                               Accuracy
Standard for        Manually labeled images for all           Manually labelled or simulated ground truth
Performance         structures                                  for MRI images
testing                                                   Manually labeled images (lesions and
                                                              midline shift) and images labeled by
                                                                previously cleared Icobrain MRI software for
                                                   CT images (lateral ventricles and whole
                                                                  brain)


                      Reproducibility                             Reproducibility


                                            4

qER-Quant Device                        Predicate Device
                    Subject Device


                      Test-retest images                   MRI measurement changes compared on
                                                                    test-retest images; simulation study used
                                                                   for CT measurements

               Comparison of Differences between qER-Quant and the predicate device

Input Images        Non-contrast CT from a single or          T1-weighted and fluid-attenuated inversion
                     multiple time points                      recovery (FLAIR) MR images from a single or
                                                                multiple time points and/or
                                                           Non-contrast CT from a single time point


Target structures     Intracranial hyperdensities, lateral          Intracranial hyperdensities, lateral
analyzed on NCCT    ventricles and midline shift                  ventricles, basal cisterns and midline shift
scans


       1.6   Testing


      Software

      Software verification and validation testing were conducted and documentation was provided as
     recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
      Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The software for this device
      has a Moderate level of concern.


      Performance Testing

       Qure.ai performed standalone consisted of a set of head CT scans with the outlines of the target
       structures manually labeled by experts. Volume or shift measurement accuracy and segmentation
       accuracy were reported for the target structures. Reproducibility testing was performed using
     20% of these CT scans, labeled similarly, with accuracy measured using similar metrics. For all
       target structures, the standalone performance exceeded the preset acceptance criteria. The table
      below shows a summary of the results of performance testing.

                              Table 2: Results of performance testing

                                    Absolute error versus ground truth       Dice Score
                                  (volume in ml or shift in mm)


Structure (Number of Scans)        Mean (Standard   Median (10th -     Mean (95%
                                       Deviation)         90th percentile)     confidence interval)


Intracranial Hyperdensity (183)        6.56 (7.33) ml      3.98 (0.52 - 17.35)   0.75 (0.72 - 0.78)
                                                ml


Midline Shift (188)                    1.37 (1.23) mm    1.15 (0.23 - 2.59)    Not applicable
                               mm


                                            5

Left Lateral Ventricle (210)             2.09 (1.88) ml      1.60 (0.29 - 4.24)    0.79 (0.78 - 0.81)
                                                ml


Right Lateral Ventricle (210)           2.18 (1.72) ml      1.88 (0.40 - 4.53)    0.75 (0.73 - 0.77)
                                                ml


      qER-Quant also passed software validation and system verification checks.

       1.7   Conclusion


      The comparison in Table 1 and the software and performance testing presented above
      demonstrate that the qER-Quant device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                            6