iCAD, Inc.                                                                     July 12, 2021
℅ Ms. Heather Reed
Vice President, Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs
98 Spit Brook Rd. Suite 100
NASHUA NH 03062

Re: K211506
    Trade/Device Name: PowerLook Density Assessment V4.0
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name:  Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: May 6, 2021
    Received: May 14, 2021

Dear Ms. Reed:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K211506 - Ms. Heather Reed                                                           Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K211506
Device Name
PowerLook Density Assessment V4.0
Indications for Use (Describe)
PowerLook Density Assessment is a software application intended for use with digital breast tomosynthesis synthesized
2D images from tomosynthesis exams. PowerLook Density Assessment provides an ACR BI-RADS Atlas Sth Edition
breast density category to aid health care professionals in the assessment of breast tissue composition. PowerLook
Density Assessment produces adjunctive information. It is not a diagnostic aid.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510k Summary  K211506

Date Prepared: May 7, 2021

Submitter:
iCAD, Inc.
98 Spit Brook Road
Suite 100
Nashua, NH 03062

Contact Person:
Heather Reed
Vice President, Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs
Email: hreed@icadmed.com
Phone: (603) 309-1945
Fax: (603) 880-3043

Device Name:
Trade Name:       PowerLook Density Assessment V4.0
Common Name:     Medical Imaging Software
Classification:       Medical Image Management and Processing System
Product Code:      QIH
Regulation Number:  21 CFR 892.2050
Review Panel:       Radiology

Predicate Device:
510k Number:      K180125
Manufacturer:      iCAD, Inc.
Device Name:      PowerLook Density Assessment, V3.4

Device Description
PowerLook Density Assessment 4.0 is a software application intended for use with mammography
exams containing synthetic 2D images generated from Digital Breast Tomosynthesis (DBT) data. The
PowerLook Density Assessment software assesses breast tissue composition and provides a breast
density category aligned with BI-RADS® 5th Edition density lexicon. The PowerLook Density
Assessment 4.0 algorithm is designed to be used with cases containing up to four synthetic 2D views.
When exams contain only DBT and synthetic 2D images generated from DBT, the 4.0 algorithm is used.
The PowerLook Density Assessment software is designed to work in conjunction with iCAD’s
PowerLook DICOM server platform, which is a Class I exempt medical device. The PowerLook Density
Assessment 4.0 utilizes data management capabilities of PowerLook for controlling input to and output
from the PowerLook Density Assessment algorithm. Results of the PowerLook Density Assessment


                                                             98 Spit Brook Road, Suite 100 Nashua, NH 03062
                                                phone: 603.882.5200   toll free: 866.280.2239   fax: 603.218.6658
                                                                                 www.icadmed.com

software application can be displayed on a mammography review workstation, mammography reporting
application or radiology information system (RIS), or printed case report.

Technical Characteristics:
PowerLook Density Assessment V4.0 contains a new custom software application specifically designed
to run on the PowerLook AMP, which is a Class I exempt medical device. The PowerLook Density
Assessment utilizes data management capabilities of the PowerLook AMP for controlling input and
output to the PowerLook Density Assessment. This functionality was validated to support the addition
of GE V-Preview V4.1. This custom software application is new and independent from PowerLook
Density Assessment V3.4 cleared in K180125.

Supported Digital Breast Tomosynthesis Systems
The following Digital Breast Tomosynthesis systems have been tested and are compatible with
PowerLook Density Assessment V4.0 software:

   •  Hologic Selenia Dimensions/3Dimensions (C-View)
   •  GE Senographe Essential with SenoClaire (V-Preview)
   •  GE Senographe Pristina (V-Preview)

Intended Use / “Indications for Use”
PowerLook Density Assessment is a software application intended for use with digital breast
tomosynthesis synthesized 2D images from tomosynthesis exams. PowerLook Density Assessment
provides an ACR BI-RADS Atlas 5th Edition breast density category to aid health care professionals in
the assessment of breast tissue composition. PowerLook Density Assessment produces adjunctive
information.  It is not a diagnostic aid.

Comparison with Predicate Device:

                     UNMODIFIED Device            MODIFIED Device
                         PowerLook Density Assessment       PowerLook Density Assessment V4.0

Manufacturer               iCAD, Inc.                         iCAD, Inc.

Classification Name           System, Image Processing,              Medical Image Management and
                                Radiological                            Processing System

Regulation Number          21 CFR 892.2050                    21 CFR 892.2050

Product Code             LLZ                          QIH

510(k) #                   K180125                             Pending

UNMODIFIED Device            MODIFIED Device
                         PowerLook Density Assessment       PowerLook Density Assessment V4.0

Intended Use / Indication for   PowerLook Density Assessment is a     PowerLook Density Assessment is a
Use                            software application intended for use      software application intended for use
                               with digital breast tomosynthesis         with digital breast tomosynthesis
                                synthesized 2D images from              synthesized 2D images from
                               tomosynthesis exams. PowerLook        tomosynthesis exams. PowerLook
                               Density Assessment provides an ACR     Density Assessment provides an ACR
                        BI-RADS Atlas 5th Edition breast      BI-RADS Atlas 5th Edition breast
                                 density category to aid health care         density category to aid health care
                                  professionals in the assessment of         professionals in the assessment of
                                  breast tissue composition. PowerLook    breast tissue composition. PowerLook
                               Density Assessment produces            Density Assessment produces
                                 adjunctive information.  It is not a         adjunctive information.  It is not a
                                 diagnostic aid.                            diagnostic aid.
End User                       Radiologists                              Radiologists
Patient Population            Symptomatic and asymptomatic women  Symptomatic and asymptomatic women
                              undergoing mammography.             undergoing mammography.
Image Source Modalities       Synthetic views from tomosynthesis       Synthetic views from tomosynthesis
                              systems                               systems

Input: Image Data Format     DICOM synthetic 2D images generated  DICOM synthetic 2D images generated
                            from breast tomosynthesis data          from breast tomosynthesis data

Output Format           DICOM structured report or DICOM    DICOM structured report or DICOM
                               secondary capture.                      secondary capture.
Output Data                  For each patient:                       For each patient:
                               •  ACR BI-RADS® Atlas 5th          •  ACR BI-RADS® Atlas 5th
                                      Edition breast density                    Edition breast density
                                     category                                category
                               •   Fractional indication of             •   Fractional indication of
                                       distance inside breast density              distance inside breast density
                                     category                                category


Deployment                   Standalone computer                    Standalone computer

Supported Digital Breast        •   Hologic Selenia                    •   Hologic Selenia
Tomosynthesis Systems             Dimensions/3Dimensions               Dimensions/3Dimensions
                                  (C-View)                            (C-View)
                               •  GE Senographe Essential            •  GE Senographe Essential
                                    with SenoClaire (V-Preview)             with SenoClaire (V-Preview)
                               •  GE Senographe Pristina (V-         •  GE Senographe Pristina (VPreview)                              Preview)

Summary of Indications for Use:
The “Indications for Use” remain unchanged from the Predicate UNMODIFIED Device
PowerLook Density Assessment.

Summary of Technological Characteristic
Many technological characteristics of Modified PowerLook Density Assessment V4.0 remain unchanged
from Unmodified Device PowerLook Density Assessment as the predicate. PowerLook Density
Assessment V4.0 contains a new custom software application specifically designed to run on the
PowerLook AMP, which is a Class I exempt medical device. PowerLook Density Assessment utilizes
data management capabilities of the PowerLook AMP for controlling input and output to the PowerLook
Density Assessment. This functionality was validated to support the addition of GE V-Preview V4.1.
This custom software application is new and independent from PowerLook Density Assessment V3.4
cleared in K180125.

These changes do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness.

General Safety and Effectiveness Concerns
The device labeling contains instructions for use and any necessary cautions and warnings to
provide for safe and effective use of this device. Risk management is ensured via a risk analysis which is used
to identify and mitigate potential hazards. Any potential hazards are controlled via software development,
verification, and validation testing.

Assessment of Non-Clinical Performance Data
PowerLook Density Assessment V4.0 has been verified and validated according to iCAD’s design
control  processes.  All  supporting  documentation  has  been  included  in  this  510(k)  Premarket
Notification. Verification activity included unit, integration, and regression testing was performed.
Hologic C-View, GE V-Preview V3 and GE V-Preview V4.1 cases  were run through Density
Assessment 4.0, results were compiled into confusion matrices and then summarized. The performance of
the system on all three datasets were above the desired performance, demonstrating that PowerLook Density
Assessment 4.0 accurately calculates the BI-RADS breast density category for Hologic C-View and GE VPreview data.

Conclusion:
Based upon the information presented in this submission, it is concluded that PowerLook Density
Assessment V4.0 is substantially equivalent to the named predicate device.