Philips Medical Systems                                                 September 8, 2021
Tamara Daniels
Senior Regulatory Affairs Manager
22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
BOTHELL WA 98021

Re: K211597
    Trade/Device Name: EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System, Affiniti Series
                          Diagnostic Ultrasound System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1550
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic pulsed doppler imaging system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: IYN, IYO, ITX, OBJ, QIH
    Dated: August 10, 2021
    Received: August 12, 2021

Dear Tamara Daniels:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K211597 - Tamara Daniels                                                             Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(K) Number (ifknown)
K211597
Device Name
EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
Indications for Use (Describe)
The intended use of Philips EPIQ series diagnostic ultrasound systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid flow
analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:
Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult), Cephalic
(Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intra-cardiac Echo, Intra-luminal, Intraoperative (Vascular),
Intraoperative (Cardiac), Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric,
Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.
The clinical environments where Philips EPIQ diagnostic ultrasound systems can be used include clinics, hospitals,
and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.
When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the interventionalist and surgeon with image
guidance during treatment of cardiovascular disease in which the procedure uses both live X-ray and live echo
guidance.
The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety procedures and
operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be operated only by appropriately trained
healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were designed.
However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound clinical judgement and best
clinical procedure.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
&l Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Oo Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301)443-6740 EF

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K211597
Device Name
Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
Indications for Use (Describe)
The intended use of the Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid flow
analysis of the human body with the following Indications for Use:
Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult), Cephalic
(Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative (Cardiac), Musculoskeletal
(Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast,
Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.
The clinical environments where the Affiniti Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems can be used include Clinics, Hospitals, and
clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.
The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety procedures and operating
instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be operated only by appropriately trained healthcare
professionals for the purposes for which they were designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces
your responsibility for sound clinical judgment and best clinical procedure.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
& Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Oo Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

TRADITIONAL 510(k)
                              Philips EPIQ and Affiniti Ultrasound Systems
                                       with Auto Measure


                                                                         510(k) number: K211597
                             510(k) Summary
 This summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with 21 CFR §807.92

I.     Submitter
      Manufacturer Name and Address      Philips Ultrasound, Inc.
                                        22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                                  Bothell, WA 98021-8431
       Contact Information                Tamara Daniels
                                              Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs
                                        22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                                  Bothell, WA 98021-8431
                                           Phone: 203.213.6862
                                             Fax: 425.402.3481
       Secondary Contact Information      Anne Rossi
                                                  Director, Regulatory Affairs
                                        22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                                  Bothell, WA 98021-8431
                                           Phone: 425.256.0664
                                             Fax: 425.402.3481
       Date Prepared                      August 10, 2021

II.     Device
       Proprietary Name                      Philips EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
                                                  Philips Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
     Common Name                    Auto Measure
                                              Diagnostic Ultrasound System and Transducers
                                        Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
       Regulation Description                Ultrasonic pulsed doppler imaging system
                                                Ultrasonic pulsed echo imaging system
                                              Diagnostic ultrasound transducer
                                                 Picture archiving and communications system
      Primary Regulation Number          892.1550, IYN
      and Product Code
       Secondary Regulation Number        892.1560, IYO
      and Product Codes                   892.1570, ITX
                                             870.1200, OBJ*
                                             892.2050, QIH
          *Applicable only to Philips EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System, per clearance under K202216;
                      Not applicable for Philips Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System


                                                                                                 Page 1 of 4

TRADITIONAL 510(k)
                              Philips EPIQ and Affiniti Ultrasound Systems
                                       with Auto Measure

       Device Class                                              Class II
        Classification Panel                  Radiology

III.    Predicate & Reference Devices
        Primary Predicate Devices:
            •  K202216 EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
            •  K201012 Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
        Reference Predicate Device:
            •  K200974 QLAB Advanced Quantification System

IV.    Device Description

          Philips EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems are durable, reusable capital
        equipment medical devices intended for high-resolution general imaging; interventional
         radiology, cardiology, vascular, obstetrics, and gynecology applications; and fluid flow
          analysis. They are intended to be used by trained professionals at various settings of patient
         care such as clinical admission, periodic evaluations, prior to hospitalization discharge, and/or
        academic research, via maneuverable caster wheels or mobile handheld components.

       The purpose of this Traditional 510(k) Pre-Market Notification is to introduce the Auto
        Measure software-only feature for use on the Philips EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic
         Ultrasound Systems. The Philips Auto Measure feature provides the end user with semiautomated functionality for a subset of 2D and Doppler measurements currently available on
         the Philips EPIQ and Affiniti systems when performing or reviewing an adult transthoracic
         echocardiography (TTE) with simultaneously acquired electrocardiogram (ECG). The AI/MLenabled algorithm is designed to produce semi-automated and editable measures.

       The Philips EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems were selected as the
        primary predicate for the subject device. This application provides a semi-automated means to
        perform 2D and Doppler measurements during an echocardiography test. The end user can edit,
         accept, or reject the measurement(s). On the predicate devices, the end user would perform
         these measurements manually.

         This technology is similar to the cleared QLAB feature (3D Auto MV). The Philips QLAB
       Advanced Quantification Software System (QLAB) is designed to view and quantify image
         data acquired on Philips EPIQ and Affiniti Ultrasound Systems. The 3D Auto MV feature is a
         cardiac quantification application with a machine learning algorithm.


                                                                                                 Page 2 of 4

TRADITIONAL 510(k)
                                                   Philips EPIQ and Affiniti Ultrasound Systems
                                                         with Auto Measure

V.     Indications for Use

 Device                     Indications for Use
 Philips EPIQ Series                        The intended use of Philips EPIQ series diagnostic ultrasound systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid flow analysis of Diagnostic Ultrasound
                               the human body, with the following indications for use: System
                           Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal),
                                 Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intra-cardiac Echo, Intra-luminal, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative (Cardiac),
                             Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ
                                (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.
                        The clinical environments where Philips EPIQ diagnostic ultrasound systems can be used include clinics, hospitals, and clinical
                                point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.
                     When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the interventionalist and surgeon with image guidance during
                              treatment of cardiovascular disease in which the procedure uses both live X-ray and live echo guidance.
                        The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety procedures and operating
                                 instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be operated only by appropriately trained healthcare
                               professionals for the purposes for which they were designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your
                                 responsibility for sound clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.

 Philips Affiniti Series                        The intended use of the Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid flow analysis of Diagnostic Ultrasound
                               the human body with the following Indications for Use: System
                           Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal),
                                 Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative (Cardiac), Musculoskeletal (Conventional),
                             Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle),
                            Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.
                        The clinical environments where the Affiniti Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems can be used include Clinics, Hospitals, and clinical
                                point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.
                        The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety procedures and operating
                                 instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be operated only by appropriately trained healthcare
                               professionals for the purposes for which they were designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your
                                 responsibility for sound clinical judgment and best clinical procedure.


                                                                                                                                          Page 3 of 4

TRADITIONAL 510(k)
                               Philips EPIQ and Affiniti Ultrasound Systems
                                       with Auto Measure


VI.    Comparison of Technological Characteristics with Predicate Device

      The selection of the predicate devices (K202216, K201012) is based on the similarity in
        indications for use, clinical use scenarios, and principles of operation among devices. The
        introduction of the Auto Measure feature does not modify the Philips EPIQ and Affiniti
       Ultrasound System indications.

      The Auto Measure feature functionality does not introduce any new transthoracic echo
       measurements. With a machine learning algorithm, this feature allows the end user the enable
       semi-automated, editable measurements when performing an adult transthoracic echocardiogram
        in 2D and Doppler modes. The end user can also disable Auto Measure functionality on the 2D
       and Doppler measurements. The Auto Measure feature provides the same measurements as the
        predicate devices.

      The selection of the reference device (K200974) is based on the similarity of the functionality
       and product code QIH (automated radiological image processing software), specifically the most
        recently cleared feature, 3D Auto MV. Similar to Auto Measure, 3D Auto MV uses machine
        learning to develop an algorithm that provides the user with semi-automated functionality for
        various measurements.

VII.   Performance Data

      The proposed introduction of the subject Philips Auto Measure feature was tested in accordance
       with Philips internal processes. Design Control activities to assure the safe and effective
       performance of the Auto Measure feature include but are not limited to the following:
             •   Requirements Review
             •   Risk Analysis and Management
             •   Product Specifications
             •  Design Reviews
             •   Software Verification and Validation

        Non-clinical testing also included the Performance Validation Study for the proposed Auto
       Measure software application.

       Software Verification and Validation testing were used to support substantial equivalence of the
      new Auto Measure feature (as part of the EPIQ / Affiniti System software release version 9.0) to
        the currently marketed manual measuring options. The software documentation is presented in
       accordance with the FDA’s Guidance for Content of Premarket Submissions for Software
       Contained in Medical Devices issued May 11, 2005.

VIII.  Conclusion

       Based on adherence to the aforementioned Philips internal processes and the successful
        verification and validation testing, the proposed Auto Measure software feature is substantially
        equivalent to the predicate device Philips EPIQ and Affiniti Series Ultrasound Systems. Testing
       performed demonstrated that the proposed Auto Measure feature meets the defined requirements
       and performance claims.


                                                                                                 Page 4 of 4