Spectronic Medical AB
℅ Per Bruhn
Manager of Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs
Karbingatan 36
Helsingborg, 25467
SWEDEN

Re: K211841
    Trade/Device Name: MRI Planner
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.5050
    Regulation Name: Medical charged-particle radiation therapy system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MUJ, QKB
    Dated: July 22, 2022
    Received: July 25, 2022

Dear Per Bruhn:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K211841 - Per Bruhn                                                                  Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                               Lora D.        DigitallyLora D. Weidnersigned by-S
                            Weidner -S Date:10:58:342022.08.25-04'00'                                                                                     for
                                                    Julie Sullivan, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 IK211841
Device Name
 I MRI Planner

Indications for Use (Describe)
 MRI Planner is a software-only medical device intended for use by trained radiation oncologists,
 dosimetrists and physicists to process images from MRI systems to

  1)  provide the operator with information of tissue properties for radiation attenuation estimation
 purposes in photon external beam radiotherapy treatment planning, and to

 2) derive contours for input to radiation treatment planning by assisting in localization and definition
 of healthy anatomical structures.

 MRI Planner is not intended to automatically contour tumors or tumor clinical target volumes.

 MRI Planner is indicated for radiotherapy planning of adult patients for primary and metastatic
 cancers in the brain and head-neck regions, as well as soft tissue cancers in the pelvic region.

 MRI Planner generates synthetic CT images for radiation attenuation estimation purposes for the
 pelvis, brain and head-neck regions only. MRI Planner generates automatically derived contours of
 the bladder, colon and femoral heads, for prostate cancer patients only.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
     N  Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       HOver-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) Premarket Notification SubmissionSpectronic Medical


 1. 510(k) Summary                                                                            K211841

 The following summary of the present 510(k) submission is provided:


  Date Prepared                August 25, 2022

  Contact details                  Spectronic Medical AB
                                  Karbingatan 36
                              254 67 Helsingborg
                      SWEDEN

  Contact Person                 Per Bruhn
                              Manager of Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs
                                    Spectronic Medical AB
                                      Tel: +46 735 116042
                                  Email: per.bruhn@spectronic.se

  Device trade name:         MRI Planner
  Common Name:           MRI Planner
   Classification Regulation:      21 CFR 892.5050
   Classification Name:           Medical charged-particle radiation therapy system
  Panel:                         Radiology
   Classification:                   Class II
  Product Code:              MUJ, QKB

  Predicate Device               Device name: MRCAT Brain
                                   Manufacturer: Philips Medical Systems MR Finland
                                  510(k) Clearance: K193109
                                       Classification Regulation: 21 CFR 892.5050
                                       Classification Name: Medical charged-particle radiation therapy system
                                       Classification Panel: Radiology
                                Device Class: II
                                  Product Code: MUJ


  Reference Devices              Reference Device 1:
                                Device name: MRCAT Pelvis
                                   Manufacturer: Philips Medical Systems MR Finland
                                  510(k) Clearance: K182888
                                       Classification Regulation: 21 CFR 892.5050
                                       Classification Name: Medical charged-particle radiation therapy system
                                       Classification Panel: Radiology
                                Device Class: II
                                  Product Code: MUJ

                                  Reference Device 2:
                                Device name: Limbus Contour
                                   Manufacturer: Limbus AI, Inc.
                                  510(k) Clearance: K201232
                                       Classification Regulation: 21 CFR 892.2050
                                       Classification Name: Medical image management and processing system
                                       Classification Panel: Radiology
                                Device Class: II
                                  Product Code: LLZ

  Device Description Summary   The product MRI Planner is a stand-alone software providing information
                                       to the treatment planning process prior to radiotherapy. Based on a DICOM

510(k) Premarket Notification SubmissionSpectronic Medical


                    MR image stack, the software generates synthetic CT images that can be
                                 used for attenuation calculations in radiotherapy treatment planning for the
                                        pelvis, brain and head-neck regions. In addition, the software also
                                    generates contours of anatomical structures in the MR image stack, to be
                                 used as a starting point for the manual delineation work required in
                                    radiotherapy treatment planning. Contours are generated for prostate cancer
                                       patients only (bladder, colon and femoral heads).

                        MRI Planner utilizes pre-trained machine learning models to perform both
                                     the conversion to synthetic CT and the automated structure contouring. The
                                models for synthetic CT generation was trained using a dataset comprising
                    MR and CT images for 244 patients acquired in the treatment position at
                                     four hospitals. The model for prostate cancer patient auto contouring was
                                       trained using a dataset comprising MR images for 175 patients acquired in
                                     the treatment position at four hospitals, together with in-house generated
                                     expert manual contours. MRI Planner does not display or store DICOM
                                   images. The user is advised to use existing softwares for radiotherapy
                                    treatment planning to display and modify generated images and contours.

                        MRI Planner runs on a standard x86-64 compatible system with a CUDA
                                   capable NVIDIA GPU and requires Ubuntu Linux 18.04 operating system.


  Indications For Use         MRI Planner is a software-only medical device intended for use by trained
                                       radiation oncologists, dosimetrists and physicists to process images from
                        MRI systems to

                                     1) provide the operator with information of tissue properties for radiation
                                      attenuation estimation purposes in photon external beam radiotherapy
                                    treatment planning, and to

                                     2) derive contours for input to radiation treatment planning by assisting in
                                       localization and definition of healthy anatomical structures.

                        MRI Planner is not intended to automatically contour tumors or tumor
                                          clinical target volumes.

                        MRI Planner is indicated for radiotherapy planning of adult patients for
                                  primary and metastatic cancers in the brain and head-neck regions, as well
                                     as soft tissue cancers in the pelvis region.

                        MRI Planner generates synthetic CT images for radiation attenuation
                                     estimation purposes for the pelvis, brain and head-neck regions only. MRI
                                   Planner generates automatically derived contours of the bladder, colon and
                                  femoral heads, for prostate cancer patients only.


  Indications for Use comparison MRI Planner provides the indications for use of the Predicate Device. The
                                     Predicate Device has the intended use to provide the operator with
                                    information of tissue properties for radiation attenuation estimation
                                  purposes in photon external beam radiotherapy treatment planning.

                        MRI Planner includes the intended use of the Predicate Device, as it
                                   provides the operator with information of tissue properties for radiation
                                      attenuation estimation purposes in photon external beam radiotherapy
                                    treatment planning. Additionally, it provides the functionality of auto
                                     contouring, which is not believed to raise additional safety concerns.

                           As such, the indications for use of MRI Planner does not raise any

510(k) Premarket Notification SubmissionSpectronic Medical


                                      additional or different concerns regarding safety or effectiveness as
                               compared to the Predicate Device.


  Technological comparison      Both MRI Planner and the Predicate Device are machine learning based.
                                  Reference Device 1 was used as predicate device for the Predicate Device
                                and is therefore also technologically equivalent. Both the Predicate Device
                                and Reference Device 1 generates similar outputs as MRI Planner in the
                               form of synthetic CT images. Since MRI Planner has similar technological
                                        characteristics as both the Predicate Device and Reference Device 1 with
                                    regard to synthetic CT generation, no differences in risk have been
                                        identified between the products.

                               Both MRI Planner and Reference Device 2 use pre-trained machine
                                     learning models to derive contours. Since MRI Planner has similar
                                     technological characteristics as Reference Device 2 with regard to deriving
                                     contours, no differences in risk have been identified between the products.


  Summary of performance      Dose accuracy bench test
   testing
                             The conducted bench tests evaluate the dosimetric equivalence of MRI
                                   Planner generated synthetic CT (sCT) and conventional CT. Dosimetric
                                 agreement was evaluated by comparing mean doses to target and non-target
                               volumes as well as by means of gamma evaluation. The non-target sCT-CT
                                 dose difference was evaluated by computing the mean dose difference in
                                              all sub-volumes of the dose matrix not overlapping the target. The
                                   acceptance criteria was that 99% of cases should have no sub-volumes with
                                an sCT-CT dose difference in excess of 1.0 Gy or 5% of the CT-dose. Two
                                       variations of gamma evaluation were conducted; one focusing on the high
                                 dose area (cut off at 75% of the maximum dose) and the other considering
                                      also the medium dose regions (cut off at 25% of the maximum dose). In the
                                  high dose gamma a 3%/3mm criteria was used for the pelvic and head-neck
                                   anatomical regions, while a 2%/2mm criteria was used for brain cases. The
                          gamma index passing rate requirement was 99% for pelvis and head-neck,
                                and 98% for brain. In the medium dose range gamma evaluation the stricter
                         2%/2mm criteria was used for all anatomical regions, while requiring a
                         99% gamma index passing rate.

                             The average sCT-CT mean target dose difference was found to be 0.02% ±
                             0.31% and -0.02% ± 0.25% for the anatomical regions pelvis, and headneck and brain, respectively. No cases displayed any sub-volumes with
                            sCT-CT dose differences in excess of 5% or 1.0 Gy.

                               At least 95% of cases met the passing criteria across all gamma evaluations
                                and anatomical regions. In the high dose gamma evaluation, 100.0% of
                                    cases passed the individual passing rate criterion for all anatomical regions,
                                  while the average gamma index passing rate was 99.9%, 99.8% and 99.8%
                                       for pelvis, head neck and brain, respectively. In the medium dose gamma
                                      evaluation, 98.3% and 100.0% of cases passed the individual passing rate
                                         criterion for pelvis, and head-neck and brain, respectively, while the
                                  average gamma index passing rate was 99.7%, 99.5% and 99.9% for pelvis,
                                head neck and brain, respectively.

                                  Dosimetric bench test data for pelvis consisted of MR (T2w) and CT
                                images for 58 unique pelvis cancer patients acquired in the treatment
                                      position at six different hospitals. Patient distribution was 16% female and
                         84% male, age range 51-88 years, 41% of patient images were acquired in
                                     the US and 59% outside the US.

510(k) Premarket Notification SubmissionSpectronic Medical


                                  Dosimetric bench test data for head-neck-brain consisted of MR (T1-
                                Dixon) and CT images for 75 unique head-neck-brain cancer patients
                                    acquired in the treatment position at four different hospitals. Patient
                                        distribution was 39% female and 64% male, age range 41-85 years, 55% of
                                       patient images were acquired in the US and 45% outside the US.

                        MRI data was acquired at six different MRI scanner models, from two
                                        different vendors, with field strengths of 1.5T and 3T.


                             Auto contouring bench test

                             The conducted bench tests evaluates the automatically generated prostate
                                       patient delineations (of bladder, colon and femoral heads) against manual
                                       delineations, using two common metrics; Dice score (DSC) and 95%
                                  Hausdorff distance (HD).

                             The average DSC was found to be 0.95 ± 0.03, 0.90 ± 0.04 and 0.96 ± 0.01
                                       for bladder, colon and femoral head delineations, respectively. The average
                         95% HD was found to be 2.69 ± 1.82, 4.96 ± 3.91 and 2.04 ± 0.49 for
                                      bladder, colon and femoral head delineations, respectively.

                              Auto contouring bench test data for prostate cancer patients consisted of
                    MR (T2w) images for 51 unique male prostate cancer patients acquired in
                                     the treatment position at five different hospitals, together with manually
                                   generated delineations of bladder, colon and femoral heads. Patient age
                                  range was 51-88 years, 39% of patient images were acquired in the US and
                         61% outside the US.

                              Manual delineations were generated by two expert truthers using the
                                  consensus approach, based on US clinical guidelines. The manual
                                      delineations for the bench tests were generated at a separate time from the
                                    generation of the training dataset. The truthers were involved in the
                                development of the product and the generation of the training dataset, but
                                    not in the training and tuning of the segmentation model. Both truthers
                                were employed by the manufacturer at the time of performing the manual
                                      delineations for the bench test.


  Non-clinical test summary and  MRI Planner complies with the following international and FDAconclusion                      recognized consensus standards:

                            ISO 14971 Second edition 2007-03-01
                                 Medical devices – Application of risk management to medical devices

                            IEC 62304 Edition 1.1 2015-06
                        CONSOLIDATED VERSION Medical device software – Software life
                                    cycle processes

                            IEC 62366-1:2015
                                 Medical devices – Part 1: Application of usability engineering to medical
                                    devices

                            IEC 82304-1 Edition 1.0 2016-10
                                  Health software – Part 1: General requirements for product safety

                                     Non-clinical verification and validation tests have been performed

510(k) Premarket Notification SubmissionSpectronic Medical


                                  with regards to the intended use, the technical claims, the requirement
                                       specifications and the risk management results. Non-clinical verification
                                and validation test results demonstrate that MRI Planner:
                                                 •   Complies with the aforementioned international and FDArecognized consensus standards
                                                 •   Meets all acceptance criteria as described in the product test
                                               description and is adequate for its intended use.

                                     In addition, non-clinical bench tests have been performed to investigate the
                                 performance of MRI Planner against the Predicate Device. The bench tests
                                  demonstrate that MRI Planner performs comparably to the Predicate
                                   Device.

                                Taking all of the above into account, Spectronic Medical believes that MRI
                                   Planner is as safe and effective as the Predicate Device, and is therefore
                                       substantially equivalent.