CASIS Cardiac Simulation & Imaging Software
℅ Catherine Gloster
Founder and Principal Consultant- Gloster Biomedical International
Gloster Biomedical International
577 N.Hope Ave, Suite 101
SANTA BARBARA CA 93110
                                                                   September 30, 2022Re: K211611
    Trade/Device Name: QIR Suite
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: August 26, 2022
    Received: August 29, 2022

Dear Catherine Gloster:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K211611 - Catherine Gloster                                                            Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                              Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices
                                           and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                                                                            See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K211611

Device Name
QIR SUITE


Indications for Use (Describe)
QIR Suite is intended to be used for viewing, post-processing, and quantitative evaluation of cardiovascular Magnetic
Resonance (MR) images in a DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communication in Medicine) Standard format. The software
has been validated for use on adult patients.
QIR Suite comprises QIR-MR for analysis of MR images. QIR-MR is composed of a viewer and analysis modules, and
uses user inputs, standard algorithms, and/or automated deep learning detection algorithms.
QIR Suite support the following functionalities:
* Receive, store, transmit, post-process, display, and manipulate medical MR/CT images in the DICOM format (all
transfer syntaxes supported including JPEG2000).
* Client/server functionalities to connect to a PACS (Picture Archiving and Communication System), to a HL7 server.
* Visualization of 2D and 2D + time of single or multiple MR datasets.
* Segmentation of regions of interest.
* Measurement of distances and areas.
* Cardiac function MR analyses for the four chambers, including ejection fraction assessment, local myocardial mass,
diastolic function, thickness and thickening.
* 2D Flow studies.

Each module generates an automated report of the analysis. QIR Suite allows connection and storage of analyses on a
PACS and on a HL7 server.
The software is not intended for use by patients, but rather by qualified medical professionals, experienced in examining
and interpreting cardiovascular MR images to obtain diagnostic information as part of a comprehensive diagnostic
decision-making process. QIR Suite cannot replace the diagnosis ofa qualified practitioner and cannot be regarded as a
sole medical point-of-view. The final diagnosis is the sole responsibility of the practitioner.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)     E  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                         CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.


FORM FDA 3881 (7117)                             Page 1 of 2                                                      PSC Pubshing Servics (301) 443-6740   EF

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."


FORM FDA 3881 (7117)                             Page 2 of 2

K211611

510(k) SummarySubmitter

Date prepared:           September 26, 2022

Company name:           CASIS – CArdiac Simulation & Imaging Software

Company address:         7 impasse des Boussenots

                        21800 Quétigny

                      FRANCE

Contact person:           Mr. Jean-Joseph CHRISTOPHE, CEO of CASIS

                           Ph: +33-3-73-27-51-20

                             Email: jjchristophe@casis.fr

    2.  Device

Trade name:             QIR Suite

Regulation Number:       21 CFR 892.2050

Regulation Name:         Medical Image Management and Processing System

Device class:                Class II

Product code:            QIH

Submission number:      K211611

    3.  Predicate device

QIR Suite is substantially equivalent to Segment CMR of Medviso AB (K163076). This predicate
is under the same regulation as QIR Suite (Table 1). Segment CMR  is a software with
functionalities to analyze cardiac magnetic resonance (MR) images, similar to QIR Suite.

    4.  Reference Device


In addition to this primary predicate, the software CVI42 (K141480) of Circle Cardiovascular
Imaging was used as a Reference Device. This software is under the same regulation as QIR
Suite, and is a software to analyze cardiac magnetic resonance (MR) images, similar to QIR
Suite.


                                                                          1

5.  Device description

QIR Suite is a software for quantitative analyses of cardiovascular magnetic resonance images
in the DICOM format.  Analyses are performed using standardized and deep-learning
algorithms. QIR Suite has been validated for adult patients. QIR Suite is intended to be used
by qualified medical professionals, experienced in examining and evaluating cardiovascular
MR images for the purpose of obtaining diagnostic information, as part of a comprehensive
diagnostic decision-making process. QIR Suite cannot replace the diagnosis of a qualified
practitioner and cannot be regarded as a sole medical point-of-view.

    6.  Indications for use

QIR Suite is intended to be used for viewing, post-processing, and quantitative evaluation of
cardiovascular Magnetic Resonance (MR) images  in a DICOM  (Digital  Imaging and
Communication in Medicine) Standard format. The software has been validated for use on
adult patients.

QIR Suite comprises QIR-MR for analysis of MR images. QIR-MR is composed of a viewer and
analysis modules, and uses user inputs, standard algorithms, and/or automated deep learning
detection algorithms.

QIR Suite support the following functionalities:

   •  Receive, store, transmit, post-process, display, and manipulate medical MR/CT images
        in the DICOM format (all transfer syntaxes supported including JPEG2000).
   •   Client/server functionalities to connect to a PACS (Picture Archiving and
      Communication System), to a HL7 server.
   •   Visualization of 2D and 2D + time of single or multiple MR datasets.
   •  Segmentation of regions of interest.
   •  Measurement of distances and areas.
   •  Cardiac function MR analyses for the four chambers, including ejection fraction
       assessment, local myocardial mass, diastolic function, thickness and thickening.
   •  2D Flow studies.

Each module generates an automated report of the analysis. QIR Suite allows connection and
storage of analyses on a PACS and on a HL7 server.

The software is not intended for use by patients, but rather by qualified medical professionals,
experienced in examining and interpreting cardiovascular MR images to obtain diagnostic
information as part of a comprehensive diagnostic decision-making process. QIR Suite cannot
replace the diagnosis of a qualified practitioner and cannot be regarded as a sole medical
point-of-view. The final diagnosis is the sole responsibility of the practitioner.


                                                                          2

7.  Comparison of technological characteristics with predicate devices


             Table 1: Technological Characteristics Comparison Table

                                   QIR Suite v4.1       Segment CMR        Features                                      (MR)              (MR)
        Trade name                     QIR Suite         Segment CMR
         Applicant name                     CASIS            Medviso AB
         Regulation Name               Medical Image       Picture archiving
                               Management and   and communication
                                       Processing System         system
         510(k) number                  K211611           K163076
       CE marked                  2017 – (CE 0459)     2014 – (CE 0413)
       FDA Clearance date               TBD                April 5, 2017
        Regulatory Class                                        II                                   II
        Product code                    QIH*                  LLZ
                                    Automated         System, image
                                           radiological image        processing,
                                      processing software        radiological
         Regulation                  21 CFR 892.2050     21 CFR 892.2050
        Manufacturer                      CASIS            Medviso AB
                                             (France)            (Sweden)
          1. Patient population                Adult           Pediatric and Adult
          2. Receive, store, transmit,
        post process, display and                                           Yes                 Yes         allow manipulation of
        medical MR images
          3. Client/server functionality
         to connect to a PACS
         (Picture Archiving and                Yes                 Yes
        Communication System) and
         to activate software license.
          4. Visualization of 2D and 2D
       + time of single or multiple            Yes                 Yes
         datasets.
          5. Segmentation of regions                                           Yes                 Yes         of interest.
          6. Measurement of distance                                           Yes                 Yes       and area.
          7. Cardiac function analysis
         including ejection fraction
        assessment, local                    Yes                 Yes
        myocardial mass, thickness
       and thickening.
          8. Aorta study including
         length and area                     Yes                 Yes
        measurements, compliance,


                                                                       3

QIR Suite v4.1       Segment CMR            Features                                         (MR)              (MR)
             regurgitant fraction, and
            delay wave.


    8.  Performance Data

QIR Suite was subjected to extensive testing, verification, and validation during all stages of
its development. According to “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for
Software Contained in Medical Devices”, QIR Suite is a medical device software with a
“moderate” level of concern, a level of concern identical to its predicates.


8.1 Verification and Validation Testing
Verification and Validation testing is an integral part of CASIS software development process.
QIR Suite has been tested according to specifications from the user need requirements.

Software Requirement Specifications (SRSs) describe the functionalities to be implemented
based on the product requirements. The Software Design Specifications (SDSs) describe how
the requirements in the SRS are implemented. Before each new release, a series of automated
Unit Tests are performed to ensure proper integration of all requirements, and that all SDS
met the SRS. An exhaustive list of Software Integration Tests and Software Verification Tests
were outlined in the Software Test Plan including the expected outcome of each test. The
execution of the validation confirmed that all tests met their acceptance criteria. Therefore,
the software has been validated. Manual testing, including formative and summative
evaluations, were performed by CASIS’s engineers and a team of physicians and collaborators.


8.2 Performance Testing and Substantial Equivalence
Extensive testing was performed with QIR Suite and the predicates SEGMENT CMR to
demonstrate that the output of each function of QIR Suite was substantially equivalent to the
output of its predicate. Testing was performed using data of patients’ database from the US
and Europe, with three brands of equipment (Siemens, Philips and GE) and with images
acquired with 1.5 or 3 Tesla magnetic field.

Each point in the Table 1 “Technological Characteristics Comparison Table » was evaluated
against one of the predicates. Segment CMR was used for features 1 to 6; Circle CVI42 was
used for features 7 and 8. Deep learning algorithms used in QIR Suite were evaluated against
a ground truth.

To  validate  quantitative parameters, measurements using patient examinations were
performed on QIR Suite and on one of the predicates. The values were then compared in
either or both of the following ways.


                                                                          4

For each parameter, the measurements obtained in QIR Suite and in the predicate were
plotted, with the QIR Suite value on the y axis and the CVI42 value on the x axis. A linear fit
was then performed and a correlation coefficient R2 was calculated. For all measurements, a
correlation coefficient above 0.95 was considered in good agreement.  Furthermore, the
absolute mean difference was calculated as follow.  For each parameter, the absolute
difference in percent between measurements in QIR Suite and in the predicate was calculated,
then the average of the differences was measured. An absolute mean difference between
data under 10% was considered excellent.

Measurements were performed on a dataset comprised of MR images from patients from
Europe, the USA, and India.  These data were recorded using 3 different manufacturers
(Siemens, Philips, and GE), and at different magnetic field intensity (1.5 and 3T). Due to
anonymization, the pathologies and demographics of the patients were not known.

For each comparison, the correlation coefficient between measurements performed in QIR
Suite and the predicate was systematically above 0.97, with an average correlation above
0.99. For all parameters, the absolute mean differences were well under 10%.

For the distance measurements, the absolute mean difference between QIR Suite and
Segment CMR showed a variation of 0.8% over 11 measurements, and the area measurements
in both software showed a variation of 2.8% over 10 measurements.

For all the cardiac function parameters, the absolute mean difference between QIR Suite and
CVI42 is well under 5%, which is within the acceptable margin of error (acceptance criteria
≤10%). The minimum correlation coefficient was 0.9792 and most R2 were above 0.99, with
an average correlation coefficient over all reported values of 0.9954.

For all the 2D flow parameters, the absolute mean difference between QIR-MR and CVI42 was
under 10%, which  is within the acceptable margin of error.  The minimum correlation
coefficient was 0.9590 and most R2 were above 0.99, with an average correlation coefficient
over all reported values of 0.9907.

The Deep Learning algorithms were evaluated using a Dice coefficient. The DICE coefficient
evaluates the proximity between the algorithm outcome and the ground truth. For instance,
a DICE value of 1 would mean no differences between the outcome of the algorithm and the
ground truth. DICE measurements performed on large testing datasets gave a mean score of
0.893 and 0.888 for the AG and AG+ algorithms respectively, and 0.908 for the Fast algorithm.
These values are closed to previously published results.

The performance testing demonstrated the safety and effectiveness of QIR Suite and
demonstrated that the QIR Suite is substantially equivalent to legally marketed predicated
devices Segment CMR.

8.3 Clinical performance testing
The subject of this premarket submission did not require clinical studies to support substantial
equivalence.


                                                                          5

9.  Conclusions

QIR Suite and its predicate Segment CMR are support tools for analysis of cardiovascular MR
images. These medical device softwares provide the clinician with relevant clinical data to
support diagnoses. All analysis functionalities provided by QIR Suite are also provided by the
predicate devices, and their Intended Use and Indications for Use are similar.

The main difference between QIR Suite and Segment CMR is in the patient population. QIR
Suite’s intended population is adults only, whereas Segment CMR also include pediatric
patients. This difference does not raise safety or effectiveness concerns; and is clearly stated
in QIR Suite’s Intended Use and Instruction for Use.

Based on these analyses, we conclude that QIR Suite can be considered substantially
equivalent to the predicate devices in Intended Use, Indications for Use, patient population,
environment of use, technology  characteristics,  specifications, and performance.  We
conclude that QIR Suite is as safe and effective as the predicate devices Segment CMR. QIR
Suite performs in accordance with its Intended Use as well than the legally marketed
predicate devices currently on the market Segment CMR.


                                                                          6