Infervision Medical Technology Co., Ltd.                            August 12, 2021
℅ Mr. Matt Deng
Director
Infervision US, Inc.
1900 Market Street
PHILADELPHIA PA 19103

Re: K211179
    Trade/Device Name: InferRead CT Stroke.AI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: July 8, 2021
    Received: July 12, 2021

Dear Mr. Deng:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K211179 - Mr. Matt Deng                                                              Page 2


803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                     For

                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K211179
Device Name
InferRead CT Stroke.AI
Indications for Use (Describe)
InferRead CT Stroke.AlI is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software for use in the analysis of NonEnhanced Head CT images. The device is intended to assist hospital networks and trained radiologists in workflow triage
by flagging suspected positive findings of intracranial hemorrhage (ICH).
InferRead CT Stroke.AlI uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected ICH
on a standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is presented
with a worklist with marked cases of suspected ICH findings. The device does not alter the original medical image, does
not remove cases from queue, and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device. If the clinician does not view the case,
or if a case is not flagged, cases remain to be processed per the standard of care.
The results of InferRead CT Stroke.AI are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on
professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians are responsible for
viewing full images per the standard of care.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K211179


                                   510(k) Summary

                     Infervision Medical Technology Co., Ltd. K211179

                This 510(k) Summary is in conformance with 21 CFR 807.92

 Submitter:                 Infervision Medical Technology Co., Ltd.
                    Room B401, 4th Floor, Building 1,
                        No. 12 Shangdi Information Road,
                           Haidian District, Beijing, 100085, China
                          Phone: +86 10-86462323

 Primary Contact:         Matt Deng
                           Email: matt.deng@infervision.ai
                          Phone: 919-886-6082

 Second Primary          Frank Wu
 Contact:                  Email: frank.wu@infervision.ai
                          Phone: 857-988-1888

 Company Contact:       Xiaoyan Fan
                           Email: fxiaoyan@infervision.com
                          Phone: +86 13810508664

 Date Prepared:            April 8, 2021

 Device Name and Classification

 Trade Name:             InferRead CT Stroke.AI
 Common Name:           Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
 Classification:             Class II
 Regulation Number:      21 CFR 892.2080, Radiological computer aided triage and
                                notification software
 Classification Panel:      Radiology
 Product Code:        QAS


Predicate Device:

                              Primary Predicate
 Trade Name                              BriefCase
 510(k) Submitter/Holder                 Aidoc
 Class                                      Class II
 Regulation Number                     21 CFR 892.2080
 Classification Panel                      Radiology
 Product Code                   QAS


Infervision InferRead CT Stroke.AI Traditional 510(k)        Confidential                          Page 1 of 7

Device Description

InferRead CT Stroke.AI is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
device. The software device is a computer program with a deep learning algorithm running on
Ubuntu operating system. The device can be deployed as an onsite server in the hospital and the
user interacts with the software from a client workstation. The device can be broken down into 4
modules, the NeoViewer, Docking Toolbox, RePACS, and DLServer.

The Docking Toolbox module receives DICOM series and inspects the series against a list of
requirements. Series that pass the requirements are sent into the system for prediction for
intracranial hemorrhage. Series are processed in a first-in-first-out order. When hemorrhage is
detected, the system marks the case in the work list prompting the user to conduct preemptive
triage and prioritization.

When the user refreshes the page, cases with suspected findings will be marked with an
indicator. Cases are identified, such as by Name and Patient ID. The user may filter and sort by
suspected ICH and identify the case. A preview is available but is not intended for primary
diagnosis and a radiologist must review the case per their standard process. The suspected cases
assist in triaging intracranial hemorrhage cases sooner than standard of care practice alone.

Intended Use/Indications for Use

InferRead CT Stroke.AI is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software for use
in the analysis of non-enhanced head CT images. The device is intended to assist hospital
networks and trained radiologists in workflow triage by flagging suspected positive findings of
intracranial hemorrhage (ICH).

InferRead CT Stroke.AI uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight
cases with detected ICH on a standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard
of care image interpretation. The user is presented with a worklist with marked cases of
suspected ICH findings. The device does not alter the original medical image, does not remove
cases from queue, and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device. If the clinician does not
view the case, or if a case is not flagged, cases remain to be processed per the standard of care.

The results of InferRead CT Stroke.AI are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient
information and based on professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical
images. Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.


Infervision InferRead CT Stroke.AI Traditional 510(k)        Confidential                          Page 2 of 7

Comparison of Technological Characteristics


The subject and predicate devices are radiological computer-assisted triage and notification

software. Both devices are artificial intelligence algorithms incorporated software packages for

use with CT scanners, PACS, and workstations. Both devices process images intended to aid in

prioritization and triage of non-enhanced head CT cases with intracranial hemorrhage. Both

have the same intended use and indications for use for flagging suspected cases, and indicating to

the clinician for review.


The predicate device sends pop up notifications and compressed previews to the workstations of

radiologist. The subject device doesn’t send pop up notifications as the predicate device. Instead,

to fulfill the notification, the subject device visually marks the case in the worklist, indicating to

a radiologist the need to review those images for ICH. For both devices, the user must be alert

and receptive to the outputs of the device. Similarly to predicate device, the subject device also

works in parallel to the standard of care. The indication prompts preemptive triage of the flagged

case where the radiologist may decide to perform evaluation. Similarly, if the notification is

rejected, the case remains in their standard queue to be handled per their standard of care.


The subject device provides a viewer on the workstation allowing the radiologist to preview the

DICOM similarly to the compressed preview of the subject device. This viewer allows the user

to Scroll through series. Similar to the predicate, the preview is for informational purposes only

and not for diagnostic use. The notified clinicians are responsible for using the local imaging

system for viewing the original images and engage the referring clinician for diagnosis and

treatment decisions.


Infervision InferRead CT Stroke.AI Traditional 510(k)        Confidential                          Page 3 of 7

The subject and predicate software utilizes a deep learning algorithm trained on medical images. The subject device raises the same

type of safety and effectiveness questions as the predicate. That is, accurate detection of intracranial hemorrhage within the study on

which a physician can base a clinically useful triage/prioritization assessment considering all available clinical information. Like the

predicate, the subject device does not remove cases from reading queue. Both devices operate in parallel with the standard of care,

which remains the default option for all cases.


Detailed Comparison of the Subject and Predicate Devices
 Item               InferRead CT Stroke.AI           Aidoc Briefcase ICH (K180647)       Comparison
                       (Subject Device)                      (Predicate Device)
 Intended Use /       InferRead CT Stroke.AI is a           BriefCase is a radiological computer
 Indications for Use  radiological computer aided triage     aided triage and notification software
                    and notification software for use in     indicated for use in the analysis of nonthe analysis of Non-Enhanced Head    enhanced head CT images. The device is
               CT images. The device is intended to   intended to assist hospital networks and   InferRead CT Stroke.AI
                          assist hospital networks and trained     trained radiologists in workflow triage    and the previously cleared
                         radiologists in workflow triage by     by flagging and communication of        BriefCase (K180647)
                       flagging suspected positive findings    suspected positive findings of           have the same intended
                       of intracranial hemorrhage (ICH).      pathologies in head CT images, namely   use and\indications for use
                                                                   Intracranial Hemorrhage (ICH).            in terms of finding
                      InferRead CT Stroke.AI uses an                                                suspected intracranial
                            artificial intelligence algorithm to      BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence   hemorrhage in non
                      analyze images and highlight cases     algorithm to analyze images and           contrast head CT, flagging
                      with detected ICH on a standalone      highlight cases with                      suspected cases, and
                      desktop application in parallel to the    detected ICH on a standalone desktop     indicating the case to the
                    ongoing standard of care image         application in parallel to the ongoing       attention of the clinician.
                          interpretation. The user is presented    standard of care
                      with a worklist with marked cases of   image interpretation. The user is
                      suspected ICH findings. The device    presented with notifications for cases
                     does not alter the original medical     with suspected ICH


Infervision InferRead CT Stroke.AI Traditional 510(k)        Confidential                                                            Page 4 of 7

image, does not remove cases from     findings. Notifications include
                      queue, and is not intended to be used   compressed preview images that are
                       as a diagnostic device. If the clinician  meant for informational
                     does not view the case, or if a case is   purposes only and not intended for
                      not flagged, cases remain to be         diagnostic use beyond notification. The
                      processed per the standard of care.     device does not alter
                                                               the original medical image and is not
                   The results of InferRead CT           intended to be used as a diagnostic
                      Stroke.AI are intended to be used in    device.
                      conjunction with other patient
                      information and based on           The results of BriefCase are intended to
                        professional judgment, to assist with   be used in conjunction with other patient
                          triage/prioritization of medical         information and based on professional
                      images. Notified clinicians are         judgment, to assist with
                       responsible for viewing full images     triage/prioritization of medical images.
                       per the standard of care.                Notified clinicians are responsible for
                                                        viewing full images per the standard of
                                                                    care.
 User Population     Radiologist                           Radiologist                          Both are designed to be
                                                                                              used by the radiologist,
                                                                                         prompt the radiologist to
                                                                                                                             start preemptive triage of
                                                                                                 a flagged case
 Anatomical Region  Head                          Head                               Both are indicated for use
 of Interest                                                                                                   in analysis of nonenhanced head CT
 Data Acquisition   Non contrast CT scan of the head     Non contrast CT scan of the head or      Both are indicated for use
 Protocol                                              neck                                        in analysis of nonenhanced head CT
 View DICOM data DICOM information about the      DICOM information about the patient,    Both display DICOM
                          patient, study and current image       study and current image                  information for
                                                                                                       informational purposes
                                                                                                 only


Infervision InferRead CT Stroke.AI Traditional 510(k)        Confidential                                                            Page 5 of 7

Segmentation of    No; device does not mark, highlight,   No; device does not mark, highlight, or    Neither marks, highlights
 region of interest    or direct users’ attention to a specific   direct users’ attention to a specific         or directs attention to a
                        location in the original image           location in the original image              specific location in the
                                                                                                               original image
 Algorithm             Artificial intelligence algorithm with    Artificial intelligence algorithm with     Both use artificial
                      database of images                    database of images                         intelligence algorithm
                                                                                                 with a database of images
 Notification /        Yes, Case level indicator             Yes, pop-up notifications, case level       In both, the suspected
 Prioritization                                                 indicator                                 cases are indicated to the
                                                                                                                user. The subject device
                                                                                                    provides case level
                                                                                                             indicator and allow the
                                                                                                       user to sort suspected
                                                                                                      cases to the top.
 Preview Images      Presentation of a preview of the        Presentation of a preview of the
                      study for initial assessment not        study for initial assessment not
                                                                                        Both allow the user to
                    meant for diagnostic purposes        meant for diagnostic purposes
                                                                                         view the image. The
                                                                                                   device is intended to work
                   The device operates in parallel       The device operates in parallel
                                                                                                               in parallel with standard
                      with the standard of care, which       with the standard of care, which
                                                                                                       of care.
                     remains the default option for all       remains the default option for all
                       cases                                 cases
 Alteration of      No                        No                                      Neither alters the original
 original image                                                                                  image.
 Removal of cases   No                        No
                                                                                                     Neither removes cases
 from worklist
                                                                                        from the worklist queue.
 queue


Infervision InferRead CT Stroke.AI Traditional 510(k)        Confidential                                                            Page 6 of 7

Performance Data

Infervision conducted a retrospective study to assess the clinical performance and notification
functionality of the InferRead CT Stroke.AI software. The study evaluated the InferRead deep
learning algorithm in terms of sensitivity and specificity with respect to a ground truth, as
established by trained neuro-radiologists, in the detection of intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) in the
brain. In addition, the study reported and compared the InferRead time-to-notification and the
Time-to-open-exam for the standard of care. The InferRead time-to-notification includes the time
to receive the DICOM scan, analyze and the worklist application shows the results. The standard
of care time-to-open-exam consisted of the time from the initial scan of the patient to when the
radiologist first opens the exam for review.

A total of 369 non-contrast brain CT scans (studies) were obtained from three
hospitals in the U.S. There were approximately equal numbers of positive and negative cases
(51.5% of images with ICH and 48.5% without ICH, respectively) included in the analysis.
Comparing the InferRead software output to the ground truth, the sensitivity and specificity of
InferRead CT Stroke.AI are 0.916 (95% CI: 0.867-0.951) and 0.922 (95% CI: 0.872-0.957),
which are significantly higher than the 80% null hypothesis (p values < 0.001). This study met
the pre-specified performance goals of 80% for sensitivity and specificity.

In addition, the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) was 0.962,
demonstrating the clinical utility and potential benefits of the InferRead software based on the
imaging study results.

The InferRead time-to-notification is 1.07 ± 0.57 (mean ± SD) minutes, which is substantially
lower than the standard of care time-to-open-exam of 75.4±192.7 minutes (P < 0.001). This
validation study shows that InferRead CT Stroke.AI is both safe and effective.


Conclusions

Based on the technological comparison, the major difference is that the subject device marks the
suspected case in the work list instead of a pop up notification. In both cases, the user must be
receptive to the visual outputs of the device. After comparison, we do not find different issues of
safety or effectiveness. In the same way as the predicate, the subject also uses deep learning
algorithm to process images and predict intracranial hemorrhage. The intended use of the two are
the same.

The performance testing demonstrated that the subject device performed similarly. These results
show that the subject device does not have significant differences and is as safe and effective as a
legally marketed predicate device.


Infervision InferRead CT Stroke.AI Traditional 510(k)        Confidential                          Page 7 of 7