October 29, 2021

GE Medical Systems, LLC
Chris Paulik
Regulatory Affairs Program Manager
3000 N. Grandview Blvd
WAUKESHA, WI 53188


Re: K211161
    Trade/Device Name:  Critical Care Suite with Endotracheal Tube Positioning AI Algorithm
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: September 27, 2021
    Received: September 28, 2021

Dear Chris Paulik:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K211161 - Chris Paulik                                                                Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                  Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                          See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

510(k) Number  (if known)
K211161
Device Name
 Critical Care Suite with Endotracheal Tube Positioning Al Algorithm


Indications for Use  (Describe)
Critical Care Suite is a suite of AI algorithms for the automated image analysis of frontal chest X-rays acquired on a
 digital x-ray system.

Critical Care Suite with the Endotracheal Tube Positioning AI algorithm produces an on-screen image overlay that
detects and localizes an endotracheal tube, locates the endotracheal tube tip, locates the carina, and automatically
calculates the vertical distance between the endotracheal tube tip and carina. This information is also transmitted to the
radiologist for review.

Intended users include licensed qualified healthcare professionals (HCPs) trained to independently place and/or assess
endotracheal tube placement and radiologists.

Critical Care Suite with the Endotracheal Tube Positioning AI Algorithm should not be used in-lieu of full patient
evaluation or solely relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis. It is not intended to replace the review of the X-ray
image by a qualified healthcare professional. Critical Care Suite with the Endotracheal Tube Positioning Al Algorithm is
indicated for adult-sized patients.


Type of Use  (Select one or both, as applicable)
                        [   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)    H Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                             Page                                                             PSC Publishing Servis (301) 443-6740

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                             Page                                                             PSC Publshing Servi    (301) 443-6740

K211161


                                510(k) Summary

       In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:

        Date:  September 27, 2021

   Submitter:  GE Healthcare, (GE Medical Systems, LLC)

             3000 N. Grandview Blvd

              Waukesha, WI 53188 USA

      Primary  Chris Paulik
      Contact
                Regulatory Affairs Program Manager
      Person:
            GE Healthcare

              262-894-5415

               Christopher.A.Paulik@ge.com

   Secondary  Diane Uriell
      Contact
                Regulatory Affairs Director
      Person:
            GE Healthcare

              262-290-8218

               Diane.Uriell@ge.com

 Device Trade   Critical Care Suite with Endotracheal Tube Positioning AI Algorithm
      Name:

  Common /  Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
 Usual Name:

 Classification  Regulation Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System
  Names and
                Regulation: 21 CFR 892.2050
Product Code:
                  Classification: Class II

               Product Codes: QIH


    Predicate  QLAB Advanced Quantification Software (K191647)
      Device:
                Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system

                Regulation: 21 CFR 892.2050

                  Classification: Class II


                                                       5-1

Product Codes: QIH

    Reference   Critical Care Suite (K183182)
       Device:
                Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software

                 Regulation: 21 CFR 892.2080

                   Classification: Class II

               Product Codes: QFM

       Device   Critical Care Suite with Endotracheal Tube Positioning AI Algorithm is an additional AI
  Description:  Algorithm incorporated into the Critical Care Suite software previously cleared under
               K183182.  It introduces the Endotracheal Tube Positioning AI Algorithm which is a
                 quantification tool that analyzes frontal chest x-ray images and based on the data in the
              image determines the location of the tip of an intubated patient’s endotracheal tube,
               determines the location of the carina, and then calculates and displays the vertical
                distance between them. The distance provided is within the x-ray detector imaging
                plane and does not take into account the geometric magnification resultant from the
              geometry of the x-ray acquisition based on source to image distance (SID), patient size,
                or any impacts due to patient rotation or tube rotation. This information can aide
                    clinical care teams and radiologists to determine the proper placement of the
                endotracheal tube in an intubated patient. All algorithms previously cleared under
              K183182 are still available with Critical Care Suite, including the Pneumothorax Detection
                Algorithm for triage and notification.

              The benefit of the proposed modification is not specific to the platform on which it is
                deployed. This benefit applies to all previously cleared computational platforms for
                    Critical Care Suite, including PACS, On Premise, On Cloud and Digital Projection
                Radiographic Systems. The Optima XR240amx was chosen as the initial platform for
              deployment because endotracheal tube placement images are almost exclusively
                acquired on mobile X-ray systems due to the immobilization of the patients being
                intubated with an endotracheal tube.

Intended Use:   Critical Care Suite with Endotracheal Tube Positioning AI Algorithm is intended to
                provide automated radiological image processing and analysis tools implementing
                     artificial intelligence including nonadaptive machine learning algorithms trained with
                    clinical and/or artificial data.

Indications for   Critical Care Suite is a suite of AI algorithms for the automated image analysis of frontal
         Use:  chest X-rays acquired on a digital x-ray system.

                    Critical Care Suite with the Endotracheal Tube Positioning AI algorithm produces an onscreen image overlay that detects and localizes an endotracheal tube, locates the
                endotracheal tube tip, locates the carina, and automatically calculates the vertical
                distance between the endotracheal tube tip and carina. This information is also
                transmitted to the radiologist for review.


                                                       5-2

Intended users include licensed qualified healthcare professionals (HCPs) trained to
                independently place and/or assess endotracheal tube placement and radiologists.

                     Critical Care Suite with Endotracheal Tube Positioning AI Algorithm should not be used
                    in-lieu of full patient evaluation or solely relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis. It is
                not intended to replace the review of the X-ray image by a qualified healthcare
                 professional. Critical Care Suite with the Endotracheal Tube Positioning AI Algorithm is
                 indicated for adult-size patients.

   Technology:   Critical Care Suite with Endotracheal Tube Positioning AI Algorithm employs the same
               fundamental scientific technology as its predicate device. It is a deep learning locked AI
                 algorithm that can be deployed on several computing platforms such as PACS, On
                Premise, On Cloud or Imaging Systems. The patient and user populations are identical to
              what is provided with Critical Care Suite, adult-sized patients. The Endotracheal Tube
                  Positioning AI Algorithm is an automated radiological image processing and analysis tool,
               which is equivalent to the image analysis and quantification algorithms provided in the
             QLAB Advanced Quantification Software.

              The differences between Critical Care Suite with Endotracheal Tube Positioning AI
                Algorithm and QLAB Advanced Quantification Software are the acquisition systems that
                provide the images as well as the specific anatomies that are being analyzed. Critical
                Care Suite with Endotracheal Tube Positioning AI Algorithm analyzes chest radiographic
               images where QLAB Advanced Quantification Software analyzes ultrasound images of
                the heart. This difference does not impact the safety or efficacy of Critical Care Suite
                with Endotracheal Tube Positioning AI Algorithm since both devices analyze images using
              deep learning AI technology to identify/visualize anatomical structure and then provide
                  quantification measurements based on that data to aide qualified healthcare
                 professionals trained on endotracheal tube placement and radiologists.


Product Device   Critical Care Suite with Endotracheal Tube   QLAB Advanced Quantification Software
   Comparison            Positioning AI Algorithm                         (K191647)


           Device   Picture archiving and communications system          Picture archiving and communications system
      Classification
                      Class II, QIH                                            Class II, QIH


  Targeted clinical   Endotracheal Tube Positioning Visualization and       Right Ventricle Visualization and Quantification
        condition,   Quantification
                                                                     Heart
    anatomy, and
                   Chest/Lung
 imaging modality                                                    Ultrasound Heart Imaging
                     Frontal Chest X-Ray Imaging


        Algorithm   AI deep learning algorithms designed to visualize       AI deep learning algorithm designed to visualize and
       Inferencing  and quantify endotracheal tube positioning in         quantify the right ventricle within heart ultrasound
     Mechanism   frontal chest X-ray images                         images


                                                        5-3

Product Device   Critical Care Suite with Endotracheal Tube   QLAB Advanced Quantification Software
   Comparison            Positioning AI Algorithm                         (K191647)


   Computational   On-Device computation (integrated onto x-ray        Provided as stand-alone product that can function on
         Platform   system)                                        a standard PC, a dedicated workstation, and onboard Philips’ ultrasound systems.
                          Critical Care Suite with Endotracheal Tube
                      Positioning AI Algorithm is designed as a selfcontained software module deployable on various
                    computational and imaging system platforms.


     Notification /   qualified healthcare professionals trained on             Clinical Care Team – immediately upon image
      Visualization  endotracheal tube placement – immediately on        acquisition on device
     Recipient and  device upon image acquisition for Endotracheal
                                                                             Radiologist – immediately after images are sent to
           Timing  Tube Positioning AI Algorithm
                                                            PACS
                      Radiologist – immediately after images are sent to
                 PACS via secondary capture image and DICOM tag


Algorithm Outputs   Visualization                                            Visualization

                      Endotracheal tube                               3D surface modeling of anatomical landmarks of
                      Endotracheal Tube Tip                                   right ventricle
                       Carina
                                                                           Quantification
                     Quantification
                                                                       Numerous distance and volumetric
                       Vertical distance between endotracheal tube        measurements concerning the right ventricle
                              tip and carina


    Clinical and  Summary of Non-Clinical Tests:
   Non-Clinical
               The following quality assurance measures were applied to the development of Critical
          Tests:
                Care Suite with Endotracheal Tube Positioning AI Algorithm and deployment onto the
              Optima XR240amx system:

                  1.  Risk Analysis

                  2.  Requirements Reviews

                  3.  Design Reviews

                  4.  Testing on unit level (Module verification)

                  5.  Integration testing (System verification)

                  6.  Performance testing (Verification)

                  7.  Safety testing (Verification)

                  8.  Simulated use testing (Validation)


                                                        5-4

Critical Care Suite with Endotracheal Tube Positioning AI Algorithm specific verification
             was conducted to demonstrate proper implementation of Critical Care Suite software
                design requirements.

                Regression testing on the Optima XR240amx feature functionality was conducted to
                   verify proper integration of Critical Care Suite with Endotracheal Tube Positioning AI
                Algorithm into the Optima XR240amx software and device. Validation was performed on
              Optima XR240amx with integrated Critical Care Suite with Endotracheal Tube Positioning
                 AI Algorithm.

                Design verification and validation testing was performed to confirm that the safety and
                 effectiveness of the device has not been affected. The test plans and results have been
               executed with acceptable results.

             Summary of Clinical Tests:

              The performance of the Endotracheal Tube Positioning AI Algorithm was tested against a
               ground truth dataset. The ground truth dataset contained a sufficient number of images
                to adequately analyze all the primary and secondary endpoints and the results met the
                defined passing criteria.

              The Endotracheal Tube Positioning AI Algorithm achieved an AUC of 0.9999 (0.9998,
                 1.0000), a sensitivity of 0.9941 (0.9859, 1.0000) and a specificity of 1.0000 (1.0000,
                1.0000) for ETT detection. Additionally, the Endotracheal Tube Positioning AI Algorithm
                achieved an ETT tip to Carina distance measurement success rate of 0.9851 (0.9722,
                 0.9981), a carina localization success rate 0.9851 (0.9722, 0.9981), an ETT tip localization
                success rate of 0.9524 (0.9296, 0.9752) and an ETT localization success rate (DICE) of
               0.9881 (0.9765, 0.9997).

Determination  The introduction of Critical Care Suite with Endotracheal Tube Positioning AI Algorithm
 of Substantial  does not result in any new potential safety risks, and has the same technological
  Equivalence:   characteristics, and performs as well as the predicate devices currently on the market.

                 After analyzing design verification and validation testing on the bench it is the conclusion
                 of GE Healthcare that the Critical Care Suite with Endotracheal Tube Positioning AI
                Algorithm software to be as safe, as effective, and performance is substantially
                equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                       5-5