Volpara Health Technologies Limited                                           July 27, 2021
℅ Ralph Highnam, Ph.D.
CEO
Level 14-15, Simpl House,
40 Mercer Street, Wellington Central
Wellington, 6011
NEW ZEALAND

Re: K211279
    Trade/Device Name: Volpara Imaging Software
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: June 25, 2021
    Received: July 2, 2021

Dear Dr. Highnam:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K211279 - Ralph Highnam, Ph.D.                                                        Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                         and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                   Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                                                                           See PRA Statementbelow.                   Indications for Use
510(k) Number (ifknown)
K211279

Device Name
Volpara Imaging Software


Indications for Use (Describe)
Volpara Imaging Software is a software application intended for use with the raw data from digital breast x-ray systems,
including tomosynthesis. Volpara Imaging Software calculates and quantifies a density map and from that determines
volumetric breast density as a ratio offibroglandular tissue and total breast volume estimates. Volpara Imaging Software
provides these numerical values along with a BI-RADS breast density 4th or 5th Edition category and quality assurance
metrics (i.e., dose and pressure) to aid healthcare professionals in the assessment of breast composition. Volpara Imaging
Software is not a diagnostic aid and should be used only as adjunctive information when the final assessment of breast
density category is made by an MQSA-qualified interpreting physician.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                                                                            I    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)    K Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                         CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                       Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                             Page 1 of 1                                                      PSC Publishinge  vice  (301) 443-6740   EF

DMS #  mtk5970-5
                          Base Template  mtk2327-1                      Rev Date  2021-07-26
                                                Title  Volpara Imaging Software Special 510(k)       Page 1 of 5
                                    Summary
                                       510(k) Number: K211279
                      Volpara Imaging Software Special 510(k) Summary

Sponsor:
Volpara Health Technologies Limited

Company Address:
Level 14-15, Simpl House, 40 Mercer Street, Wellington, 6011, New Zealand

Contact Person:
Ralph Highnam

Telephone:
+64 4 499 6029

Fax:
+64 4 499 6029

Email:
ralph.highnam@volparahealth.com

Submission Date:
15 April 2021

Device Name:
Volpara Imaging Software

Common Name:
Imaging Software

Regulatory Classification:
Class II

Review Category:
Class II

Classification Panel:
Radiology; System, Imaging Processing; 21 CFR 892.2050; LLZ

Legally Marketed Predicate Devices:
The modified software, Volpara Imaging Software (“Volpara”) 3.2 is substantially equivalent to the
Volpara Imaging Software 1.5.6 cleared pursuant to K182310 (Volpara Health Technologies Limited),
which serves as the primary predicate.

Predicate Device Description:
The Volpara Imaging Software 1.5.6 software provides volumetric assessment of digital x-ray images
of the breast, including in that definition both raw digital mammograms and raw tomosynthesis
projections (the central projections of which are just raw digital mammograms). The assessment
takes the form of generating and validating density maps wherein the value at each pixel represents
the thickness of fibroglandular tissue between that pixel and the x-ray source. From the density
maps various quantitative density-map based statistics are computed as follows:


                                    © 2020. Volpara Health Technologies

DMS #  mtk5970-5
                          Base Template  mtk2327-1                      Rev Date  2021-07-26
                                                Title  Volpara Imaging Software Special 510(k)       Page 2 of 5
                                    Summary

   •  Volume of Fibroglandular Tissue in cm3
   •  Volume of Breast in cm3
   •   Volumetric Breast Density (the percentage of fibroglandular tissue in breast)
   •  Average thickness of dense tissue in cm
   •  Maximum thickness of dense tissue in cm
   •  Maximum volume of dense tissue above any 1 cm2 square region (and location)
   •  Image quality assurance metrics

From the volumetric breast density, a BI-RADS 4th Edition and 5th Edition breast density category
can be attained by applying thresholds set by the software. The device outputs those metrics along
with the density maps themselves marked with the location of the various maxima. Volpara Imaging
Software 1.5.6 operates on a Windows or Linux server that meets Volpara data input and output
requirements and generally is located outside the patient environment. The device does not contact
the patient, nor does it control any life-sustaining devices.

Comparison with Predicate Device:
Volpara Imaging Software 3.2 is the same core software as the predicated device Volpara Imaging
Software 1.5.6 with the addition of the following software and labeling updates.

The modified device is similar to the predicate, except for:

   •   Modified overall software architecture
   •  Improved combo study logic
   •   Ability to process Giotto Class 2D images
   •   Providing additional quality assurance outputs
   •  Improved density sanity checking
   •   Better support for Hologic Tomosynthesis images
   •  Updated user manual to include recent updates to accepted manufacturers and Intended Use
       statement. The minor change to the Intended Use statement is to accommodate the QA
       metrics (i.e., dose and pressure).

Table 1. Substantial Equivalence Comparison

                   Predicate Device                     Submission Device
                  Volpara Imaging Software 1.5.6        Volpara Imaging Software 3.2
                  (K182310)
 Intended Use     VolparaDensity is a software           Volpara Imaging Software1 is a
                    application intended for use with the    software application intended for use
                raw data from digital breast x-ray       with the raw data from digital breast
                   systems, including tomosynthesis.       x-ray systems, including
                   VolparaDensity calculates and          tomosynthesis. Volpara Imaging
                    quantifies a density map and from      Software calculates and quantifies a
                    that determines volumetric breast       density map and from that
                   density as a ratio of fibroglandular      determines volumetric breast density
                     tissue and total breast volume          as a ratio of fibroglandular tissue and
                   estimates. Volpara provides these        total breast volume estimates.


1 Standardizing on the use of the term Volpara Imaging Software as the name of the cleared medical device. As
described in previous 510(k) submissions, Volpara Imaging Software, Volpara and Volpara Density have been
used interchangeably.


                                    © 2020. Volpara Health Technologies

DMS #  mtk5970-5
                          Base Template  mtk2327-1                      Rev Date  2021-07-26
                                                Title  Volpara Imaging Software Special 510(k)       Page 3 of 5
                                    Summary


                   Predicate Device                     Submission Device
                  Volpara Imaging Software 1.5.6        Volpara Imaging Software 3.2
                  (K182310)
                  numerical values along with a BI-RADS   Volpara Imaging Software provides
                   breast density 4th or 5th Edition        these numerical values along with a
                   category to aid health care            BI-RADS breast density 4th or 5th
                    professionals in the assessment of       Edition category and quality
                   breast tissue composition.             assurance metrics (i.e., dose and
                   VolparaDensity is not an interpretive    pressure) to aid healthcare
                   or diagnostic aid and should be used     professionals in the assessment of
                   only as adjunctive information when    breast composition. Volpara Imaging
                  the final assessment of breast density   Software is not a diagnostic aid and
                   category is made by an MQSA-         should be used only as adjunctive
                     qualified interpreting physician.         information when the final
                                                     assessment of breast density category
                                                                                is made by an MQSA-qualified
                                                             interpreting physician.

 Intended Users   Health Care Professionals              Health Care Professionals

 Image Source      Digital mammography images             Digital mammography images

 Image Sources     Digital mammograms from                Digital mammograms from
               mammography or tomosynthesis      mammography or tomosynthesis
                   systems, including those obtained       systems, including those obtained
                   using with curved paddles.              using with curved paddles.

 Anatomical       Breast                                 Breast
 Area

 Assessment      Volumetric                           Volumetric
 Scope
 Operating        Windows/Linux2                     Windows/Linux
 Environment

 Image Storage    Yes; output to console                   Yes; output to console
 and Report
 Generation
 Numeric Output  •  Volume of Fibroglandular tissue     •  Volume of Fibroglandular tissue
                  •  Volume of Breast                  •  Volume of Breast
                  •   Volumetric Breast Density          •   Volumetric Breast Density
                  •  BIRADS 4th or 5th Edition Breast    •  BIRADS 4th or 5th Edition Breast
                       Density Category, with                 Density Category, with
                         highlighting above a certain              highlighting above a certain
                       volumetric threshold or if focal          volumetric threshold or if focal
                       density present                         density present
                  •  Average thickness of dense tissue   •  Average thickness of dense tissue
                  •  Maximum thickness of dense       •  Maximum thickness of dense
                         tissue (and location)                     tissue (and location)


2 Volpara Imaging Software has been previously cleared for both Windows and Linux, which was missed off the
2018 submission. We are now correcting this error.


                                    © 2020. Volpara Health Technologies

DMS #  mtk5970-5
                          Base Template  mtk2327-1                      Rev Date  2021-07-26
                                                Title  Volpara Imaging Software Special 510(k)       Page 4 of 5
                                    Summary


                   Predicate Device                     Submission Device
                  Volpara Imaging Software 1.5.6        Volpara Imaging Software 3.2
                  (K182310)
                  •  Maximum volume of dense tissue   •  Maximum volume of dense tissue
                    above any 1 cm2 square region         above any 1 cm2 square region
                     (and location)                        (and location)
                  •  Image quality assessment metrics   •  Image quality assessment metrics

 Image Output     Density map in DICOM SCI format, for   Density map in DICOM SCI format, for
                     visualization as user specifies             visualization as user specifies

 Classification     21 CFR 892.2050; LLZ                21 CFR 892.2050; LLZ

 Level of         Moderate                         Moderate
 Concern


Intended Use:
Volpara Imaging Software is a software application intended for use with the raw data from digital
breast x-ray systems, including tomosynthesis. Volpara Imaging Software calculates and quantifies a
density map and from that determines volumetric breast density as a ratio of fibroglandular tissue
and total breast volume estimates. Volpara Imaging Software provides these numerical values along
with a BI-RADS breast density 4th or 5th Edition category and quality assurance metrics (i.e., dose
and pressure) to aid healthcare professionals in the assessment of breast composition. Volpara
Imaging Software is not a diagnostic aid and should be used only as adjunctive information when the
final assessment of breast density category is made by an MQSA-qualified interpreting physician.

Device Description:
Volpara Imaging Software 3.2 analyzes raw (“For Processing”) digital mammograms or raw DBT
projections in a fully automated, volumetric fashion. It produces a quantitative assessment of breast
composition in the form of a Volpara density map, wherein the value at each pixel represents the
thickness of fibroglandular tissue between that pixel and the x-ray source.

From the density maps various quantitative density-map based metrics are computed as follows:

   •  volume of fibroglandular tissue in cm3
   •  volume of breast in cm3
   •   the volumetric breast density (the percentage of fibroglandular tissue in breast)
   •   average thickness of dense tissue in cm
   •  maximum thickness of dense tissue in cm
   •  maximum volume of dense tissue above any 1 cm2 square region (and location)
   •  image quality assessment metrics

Volpara Imaging Software typically receives four standard views from the digital x-ray system
following a mammographic or digital breast tomosynthesis screening examination (i.e., left CC, right
CC, left MLO, right MLO). The generated results are then displayed via either of the following:

   •  A Volpara scorecard (a DICOM Secondary Capture Image)
   •  A DICOM Mammography CAD Structured Report


                                    © 2020. Volpara Health Technologies

DMS #  mtk5970-5
                          Base Template  mtk2327-1                      Rev Date  2021-07-26
                                                Title  Volpara Imaging Software Special 510(k)       Page 5 of 5
                                    Summary


The device outputs those metrics along with the density maps themselves marked with the location
of the various maxima. Using the volumetric breast density, a BI-RADS 4th Edition and 5th Edition
breast density category is generated by applying thresholds set by the software.

Volpara Imaging Software operates on a Microsoft Azure-connected, off-the-shelf virtual appliance,
which provides a secure, pre-configured virtual host. Volpara Imaging Software does not contact the
patient, nor does it control any life-sustaining devices.

Performance Data:
Volpara Imaging Software has been verified and validated according to the company’s design control
process. All the documents specified in the FDA’s various software guidance documents have been
submitted in this Special 510(k) Notification. An ISO 14971 compliant risk analysis has been provided
and incorporated into the development effort. Software testing included both unit level and
integrated system level testing. A report of outstanding anomalies is included in the software
information.

The modified device was tested and determined to be compliant to the following standards: ISO
14971:2012 Medical devices – Application of risk management to medical devices; ISO 62304:2006
Software Life Cycle Processes, DICOM 2016.

In addition to the verification and validation testing conducted for the specific modification to the
software detailed in this Special 510(k) submission, complete verification and validation data testing
conducted for the predicate was repeated to ensure integration and backwards compatibility.

General Safety and Effectiveness Concerns:
The device labeling contains instructions for use and any necessary cautions and warnings to provide
for safe and effective use of this device. Risk management is ensured via a risk analysis, which is used
to identify potential hazards. These potential hazards are controlled via software development,
verification, and validation testing.

Conclusion:
The Special 510(k) Premarket Notification for Volpara Imaging Software 3.2 contains adequate
information and data to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the predicate device.


                                    © 2020. Volpara Health Technologies