GE Medical Systems, LLC                                    May 13, 2021
℅ Mr. Brian R. Zielski
Regulatory Affairs Leader
3200 Grandview Blvd.
WAUKESHA WI 53188

Re: K211118
    Trade/Device Name: SIGNA 7.0T
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH, LNI, MOS
    Dated: April 14, 2021
    Received: April 15, 2021

Dear Mr. Zielski:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K211118 - Mr. Brian R. Zielski                                                          Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                          Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                   Indications for Use                         See PRA Statement below.

51 0(k) Number (if known)
K211118
Device Name
SIGNA 7.0T


Indications for Use (Describe)
The SIGNA 7.0T system is a whole-body magnetic resonance scanner designed to support high resolution, high signal-tonoise ratio, and short scan times. It is indicated for use as a diagnostic imaging device to produce axial, sagittal, coronal,
and oblique images, spectroscopic images, parametric maps, and/or spectra, dynamic images of the structures and/or
functions of the head and extremities.

The images produced by the SIGNA 7.0T system reflects the spatial distribution or molecular environment of nuclei
exhibiting magnetic resonance. These images and/or spectra when interpreted by a trained physician yield information
that may assist in diagnosis.

The device is intended for patients > 20 kg / 44 lb.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
               IZI Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (6120)                            Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K211118

                     GE Healthcare
                                          510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


                                   510(k) Summary
In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:

 Date:                         April 13, 2021

 Submitter:             GE Medical Systems, LLC (GE Healthcare)
                        3200 N. Grandview Blvd.,
                        Waukesha, WI 53188
                      USA

 Primary Contact Person:    Brian R. Zielski
                            Regulatory Affairs Leader
                             Phone: 262-227-3596
                                 Email: Brian.Zielski@GE.com


 Secondary Contact         Glen Sabin
 Person:                    Senior Director, Regulatory Affairs
                             Phone: 262-894-4968
                                 Email: Glen.Sabin@GE.com

 Device Trade Name:       SIGNA 7.0T

 Common/Usual Name:     Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device

 Classification Names:      Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
         Regulation           21 CFR 892.1000
       Number:
 Product Code:
         Primary:        LNH
        Secondary:         LNI, MOS
 Predicate Device(s):       SIGNA 7.0T (K201615)

GE Healthcare
                                         510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


Device Description:      SIGNA 7.0T is a high performance magnetic resonance
                       imaging system designed to support high resolution imaging
                          at 7.0T in particular anatomical regions determined by the
                          available RF coils. The system includes a 7.0T
                       superconducting magnet and an ultra-high performance
                        gradient coil with a 60 cm patient bore, supporting scanning
                            in axial, coronal, sagittal, oblique, and double oblique planes
                        using a variety of pulse sequences, imaging techniques,
                         acceleration methods, and reconstruction algorithms.


                          This 510(k) submission is for the SIGNA 7.0T MR System, and
                      has been triggered by the addition of the AIR Recon DL
                       software feature and inclusion of installed base magnet
                      system upgrades.
                     The addition of the AIR Recon DL feature and installed baseIndications for Use                    magnet system upgrades does not impact the intended use
                         of the SIGNA 7.0T system. The Indications for Use remain
                            identical:


                     The SIGNA 7.0T system is a whole-body magnetic resonance
                       scanner designed to support high resolution, high signal-tonoise ratio, and short scan times. It is indicated for use as a
                         diagnostic imaging device to produce axial, sagittal, coronal,
                    and oblique images, spectroscopic images, parametric maps,
                       and/or spectra, dynamic images of the structures and/or
                         functions of the head and extremities.

                     The images produced by the SIGNA 7.0T system reflects the
                           spatial distribution or molecular environment of nuclei
                          exhibiting magnetic resonance. These images and/or spectra
                   when interpreted by a trained physician yield information
                         that may assist in diagnosis.

                     The device is intended for patients > 20 kg / 44 lb.
Technology:            The SIGNA 7.0T employs the same fundamental scientific
                       technology as its predicate device.
                     The software used on the proposed SIGNA 7.0T system has
                    been modified to include the AIR Recon DL feature. The user
                          interface provides operators of the system with new options

GE Healthcare
                                         510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


                           for selecting AIR Recon DL and adjusting the associated level
                         of image noise reduction. The resulting images can have
                        higher SNR and improved sharpness compared to images
                        reconstructed without AIR Recon DL.
                       AIR Recon DL has been previously cleared for use with GE
                         Healthcare’s 3T SIGNA Premier system through K193282.
                   Due to the technical similarities, SIGNA Premier (K193282) is
                      used as a reference device for this submission.
                      Upgrades to SIGNA 7.0T are also being expanded to be
                       compatible with additional 7.0T magnets in the installed
                        base.

Determination of        Summary of Non-Clinical Tests:
Substantial Equivalence:
                     The AIR Recon DL feature has undergone performance
                           testing. These tests were designed to evaluate the AIR Recon
                    DL feature and its impact on image quality, including SNR,
                        sharpness, and low contrast detectability.
                     The nonclinical testing demonstrated that AIR Recon DL does
                      improve SNR and image sharpness while maintaining low
                         contrast detectability. AIR Recon DL was also able to
                       maintain image SNR and did not sacrifice sharpness for
                      images acquired with a reduced scan time. The nonclinical
                          testing passed the defined acceptance criteria, and did not
                           identify any adverse impacts to image quality or other
                       concerns related to safety and performance.
                           Simulations and analyses were performed for the different
                              installed base magnet types to ensure equivalence.


                     Summary of Clinical Tests:
                        Objective measures of in vivo images were analyzed to
                       confirm that AIR Recon DL improves SNR and image
                       sharpness for typical clinical use cases.
                  A reader study was performed on images with and without
                       AIR Recon DL feature. Radiologists were asked to rate the
                       images, and to comment on any notable aspects related to
                     image quality. This study showed that AIR Recon DL feature
                        provides images with better SNR and equivalent or better
                        sharpness. The radiologists uniformly preferred the AIR
                     Recon DL images for clinical evaluation.

GE Healthcare
                                         510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


Conclusion:            The Indications for Use of the SIGNA 7.0T are identical to the
                        predicate device. The modifications to the SIGNA 7.0T
                      system do not change the fundamental scientific technology
                         of the device. The results of design controls activities
                      demonstrate that the SIGNA 7.0T is substantially equivalent
                        to the predicate with regards to safety and efficacy.
                   GE Healthcare considers the SIGNA 7.0T to be as safe, as
                            effective, and performance is substantially equivalent to the
                        predicate device.
                           In conclusion, GE Healthcare believes that SIGNA 7.0T with
                       AIR Recon DL and installed base magnet system upgrades is
                           substantially equivalent to the predicate device, and is safe
                    and effective for its intended use.