Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.                                                           December 15, 2021
℅ Shlomit Cymbalista
Head of Regulatory Affairs
Nano AI Ltd./Shefayim Commercial Center
PO Box 25
Sefayim, 6099000
ISRAEL

Re: K211803
    Trade/Device Name: HealthPPT
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QFM
    Dated: November 7, 2021
    Received: November 10, 2021

Dear Shlomit Cymbalista:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K211803 - Shlomit Cymbalista                                                          Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,

                                                                           For

                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                                                                            See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K211803

Device Name
HealthPPT


Indications for Use (Describe)
The HealthPPT device is a software workflow tool designed to aid the clinical assessment of adult frontal Chest X-Ray
cases with features suggestive of pneumoperitoneum in the medical care environment. HealthPPT analyzes cases using an
artificial intelligence algorithm to identify suspected findings. It makes case-level output available to a PACS/workstation
for worklist prioritization or triage. HealthPPT is not intended to direct attention to anomalies other than
pneumoperitoneum. Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only and
not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical image and is not
intended to be used as a diagnostic device. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical
decision-making nor is it intended to rule out pneumoperitoneum or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of X-Ray
cases.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)     E  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                         CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                         Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

FORM FDA 3881 (7117)                             Page 1 of 1                                                      PSC PubhsAing Servics (301) 443-6740   EF

510(K) Summary - HealthPPT
                              Nanox AI Ltd.

                               510(k) Number – K211803


     I.     Applicant’s Name:    Nanox AI Ltd.
                               Shefayim Commercial Center
                       PO Box 25
                                 Shefayim, 6099000
                         ISRAEL
                                 Telephone: +972-9-8827795
                                  Fax: +972-9-8827795

          Date Prepared:       December 13, 2021

    II.    Device

         Trade Name:   HealthPPT

            Classification Name:
       QFM - Radiological Computer-Assisted Prioritization Software

          Regulation Number:
          892.2080

            Classification:
           Class II, Radiology


    III.    Predicate Device:
The HealthPPT device is substantially equivalent to the following device:

Proprietary Name        AIMI-Triage CXR PTX
Premarket Notification   K193300
Classification Name      Radiological Computer-Assisted Prioritization Software
Regulation Number      21 CFR 892.2080
Product Code       QFM
Regulatory Class            II


    IV.    Device Description

The HealthPPT solution is a software product that automatically identifies suspected findings on
chest x-rays  (e.g. pneumoperitoneum) and notifies PACS/workstation of the presence of this
critical finding in the scan. This notification allows for prioritization of the identified scan and
assists clinicians in viewing the prioritized scan before others. The device aim is to aid in
prioritization and triage of radiological medical images only.

The software is automatic and is capable of analyzing PA or AP chest x-rays. If a suspected
finding is found in a scan, the alert is automatically sent to the PACS/workstation used by the
radiologist or to a standalone desktop application in parallel with the ongoing standard of care.
The PACS/workstation prioritizes and displays the study through its worklist interface. The
ZebrAInsight  standalone  application  includes  a  compressed  preview  image  meant  for
informational purposes only and is not intended for diagnostic use.

The HealthPPT device works in  parallel to and in conjunction with the standard care of
workflow. After a chest x-ray has been performed, a copy of the study is automatically retrieved
and processed by the HealthPPT device. The device performs the analysis of the study and
returns a notification about the relevant pathology to the PACS/workstation for prioritization.
The clinician is then able to review the study earlier than in standard of care workflow.

The software does not recommend treatment or provide a diagnosis. It is meant as a tool to assist
in improved workload prioritization of critical cases. The final diagnosis is provided by a
radiologist after reviewing the scan itself.

The following modules compose the HealthPPT software for Pneumoperitoneum:

Data input and validation: Following retrieval of a study, the validation feature assessed the

input data (i.e. age, modality, view) to ensure compatibility for processing by the algorithm.

Pneumoperitoneum algorithm: Once a study has been validated, the algorithm analyzes the

frontal chest x-ray for detection of suspected finding suggestive of pneumoperitoneum.

IMA Integration feature: The study analysis and the results of a successful study analysis is

provided to IMA, to then be sent to the PACS/workstation for prioritization.

Error codes feature: In the case of a study failure during data validation or the analysis by the
algorithm, an error is provided to the system.

    V.     Intended Use/Indication for Use:

The Zebra HealthPPT device is a software workflow tool designed to aid the clinical assessment
of adult frontal Chest X-Ray cases with features suggestive of pneumoperitoneum in the medical
care environment. HealthPPT analyzes cases using an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify
suspected findings.  It makes case-level output available to a PACS/workstation for worklist

prioritization or triage. HealthPPT is not intended to direct attention to anomalies other than
pneumoperitoneum.  Notifications include compressed preview images  that  are meant  for
informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device
does not alter the original medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device. Its
results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making nor is it
intended to rule out pneumoperitoneum or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of X-Ray
cases.

   VI.    Technological Characteristics Compared to Predicate Device:

The technological characteristics, e.g., overall design, mechanism of action, mode of operation,
performance characteristics, etc., and the intended use of the HealthPPT device are substantially
equivalent to the predicate device cited above.
A comparison of the technological characteristics with the predicate is summarized below.


Technological           Proposed Device            Predicate Device        Summary
Characteristics           HealthPPT          AIMI-Triage CXR PTX
                                                   (K193300)
Indication for       The Zebra HealthPPT device   The AIMI-Triage CXR      Similar expect for
Use/Intended Use     is a software workflow tool   PTX Application is a        lesion type
                    designed to aid the clinical      notification-only triage
                    assessment of adult frontal     workflow tool for use by
                    Chest X-Ray cases with         hospital networks and
                       features suggestive of            clinics to identify and
                  pneumoperitoneum in the       help prioritize chest
                    medical care environment.     X-rays acquired in the
                  HealthPPT analyzes cases      acute setting for review
                     using an artificial intelligence  by hospital radiologists.
                     algorithm to identify         The device operates in
                     suspected findings. It makes     parallel to and
                      case-level output available to   independent of standard
                    a PACS/workstation for         of care image
                      worklist prioritization or        interpretation workflow.
                         triage. HealthPPT is not         Specifically, the device
                     intended to direct attention to   uses an artificial
                    anomalies other than            intelligence algorithm to
                   pneumoperitoneum.            analyze images for
                      Notifications include            features suggestive of
                   compressed preview images    moderate to large sized
                        that are meant for             pneumothorax; it makes
                     informational purposes only    caselevel output available
                   and not intended for             to a PACS/workstation
                      diagnostic use beyond           for worklist prioritization
                        notification. The device does    or triage. Identification of
                     not alter the original medical    suspected cases of
                  image and is not intended to    moderate to large sized
                   be used as a diagnostic        pneumothorax is not for
                      device. Its results are not        diagnostic use beyond

intended to be used on a         notification. The
                     stand-alone basis for clinical   AIMI-Triage CXR PTX
                    decision-making nor is it       Application is limited to
                     intended to rule out             analysis of imaging data
                  pneumoperitoneum or          as a guide to possible
                     otherwise preclude clinical     urgency of adult chest
                    assessment of X-Ray cases.    X-ray image review, and
                                                  should not be used in lieu
                                                     of full patient evaluation
                                                     or relied upon to make or
                                                 confirm diagnoses.
                                                     Notified radiologists are
                                                     responsible for engaging
                                                         in appropriate patient
                                                     evaluation as per local
                                                        hospital procedure before
                                            making care-related
                                                     decisions or requests. The
                                                   device does not replace
                                                 review and diagnosis of
                                                      the X-rays by
                                                          radiologists. The device is
                                                    not intended to be used
                                                  with plain film X-rays.
Notification-only,    Yes                        Yes                  Same
parallel workflow
tool
User                 Radiologist                    Radiologist             Same

Radiological      DICOM               DICOM               Same
images format

Identify patients     Yes                        Yes                  Same
with prespecified
clinical condition
Clinical condition    Pneumoperitoneum           Pneumothorax              Different but as
                                                                               per the product
                                                                                         classification
                                                                                         definition, both
                                                                                       identify “time
                                                                                        sensitive imaging.”
Alert to finding      Yes; notification flagged for    Yes; notification flagged    Similar,
                    review on hospital worklist or   for review               HealthPPT can be
                   Zebra application                                              directly integrated
                                                                                       for notification on
                                                                                   the hospital
                                                                                  worklist or on the
                                                                        Zebra application.
                                                                     Both notifications
                                                                                operate in parallel

with the standard
                                                                                 of care.
Independent of       Yes; No cases are removed     Yes; No cases are        Same
standard of care     from worklist               removed from worklist
workflow
Modality            Chest X-Ray                 Chest X-Ray            Same

Artificial           Yes                        Yes                  Same
Intelligence
algorithm
Limited to analysis   Yes                        Yes                  Same
of imaging data

Aids prompt        Yes                        Yes                  Same
identification of
cases with
indicated findings
Preview Image       Presentation of a compressed   Presentation of              Similar,
                   preview image for initial        notification for initial      HealthPPT
                     assessment, not meant for      assessment not meant for    provides an
                      diagnostic purposes.            diagnostic purposes. The    additional
                 The device operated in         device operates in parallel  compressed image
                        parallel with the standard of    with the standard of care,    as a preview only,
                       care, which remains the       which remains the default   not for diagnostic
                       default option for all cases.     option for all cases.          use.
Multiple operating   Yes; 2 optional operating      No; single operating point   Different, but all
points                points                                                     operating points
                                                                   comply with DEN
                                                                   170073 Special
                                                                                   control 1(iii).
Where results are   PACS / Workstation        PACS / Workstation      Same
received

   VII.  Performance Data:

Safety and performance of HealthPPT has been evaluated and verified in accordance with
software specifications and applicable performance standards through Software Development
and Validation & Verification Process to ensure performance according to specifications, User
Requirements and Federal Regulations and Guidance documents, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”.

The performance of the HealthPPT device has been validated in a performance study for triage
of time sensitive chest X-Ray cases. The data included a retrospective cohort of 216 anonymized
Chest X-ray cases from the USA and OUS, including 107 cases positive for Pneumoperitoneum
and 109 cases negative for Pneumoperitoneum, as well as confounding imaging factors. The
validation data  set was  truthed (ground  truth) by  three US Board-Certified Radiologists

(truthers). The stand-alone detection accuracy was measured on this cohort respective to the
ground truth.

The HealthPPT device detection accuracy met the accuracy performance goals for AUC, and the
sensitivity, and specificity for two defined operating points.  Overall, the HealthPPT was able to
demonstrate an area under the curve (AUC) of 96.75% (95% CI: [94.28%, 99.21%]), which is
both comparable to the predicate device, and exceeds the required technical method under the
QFM product code. The sensitivity and specificity of the HealthPPT was reported for two
operating  points. The  first “balanced  sensitivity and specificity” (default) operating point
demonstrated a sensitivity of 92.52% (95% CI: [85.94%;96.16%]) and a specificity of 92.66%
(95% CI: [86.18%;96.23%]). The second “high-specificity” operating point reported a sensitivity
of 80.37% (95% CI: [71.85%;86.79%]) and a specificity of 97.25% (95% CI: [92.22%;99.06%]).
Both operating points reached their performance goal.

In addition, we assessed the time it takes for the HealthPPT device to analyze the study and send
a  result. The  average performance time of  the HealthPPT was 4.78 seconds, which  is
significantly lower than the time reported by the predicate device (20.3 seconds).


    VIII.  Conclusion

The subject HealthPPT device and the AIMI-Triage CXR PTX (K193300) predicate device are
both software-only devices intended to aid in triage of radiological images, independent of and in
parallel to the standard of care workflow. Both devices incorporate an artificial intelligence
algorithm. The labeling of both devices are limited to the categorization of exams and are not to
be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm diagnosis.

Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not
change the original image, do not provide any marking, and do not remove cases from the
standard of care. The minor differences between the subject device and the predicate raise no
new issues of safety or effectiveness. In addition, performance testing demonstrates that the
HealthPPT performs as intended. The HealthPPT device is therefore substantially equivalent to
the AIMI-Triage CXR PTX predicate.