July 30, 2021

Siemens Medical Solutions USA Inc.
℅ Clayton Ginn
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
810 Innovation Drive
KNOXVILLE TN 37932

Re: K211379
    Trade/Device Name: syngo.via RT Image Suite
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.5050
    Regulation Name: Medical charged-particle radiation therapy system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MUJ
    Dated: May 3, 2021
    Received: May 4, 2021

Dear Clayton Ginn:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K211379 - Clayton Ginn                                                               Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,

                                                                         for                Julie Sullivan -S

                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K211379
Device Name
syngo.via RT Image Suite
Indications for Use (Describe)
syngo.via RT Image Suite is a 3D and 4D image visualization, multimodality manipulation and contouring tool that helps
the preparation of treatments such as, but not limited to those performed with radiation (for example, Brachytherapy,
Particle Therapy, External Beam Radiation Therapy). It provides tools to view existing contours, create, edit, modify,
copy contours of regions of the body, such as but not limited to, skin outline, targets and organs-at-risk. It also provides
functionalities to create simple geometric treatment plans. Contours, images and treatment plans can subsequently be
exported to a Treatment Planning System.
The software combines the following digital image processing and visualization tools:
* Multi-modality viewing and contouring of anatomical, functional, and multiparametric images such as but not limited to
CT, PET, PET/CT, MRI, Linac CBCT images
* Multiplanar reconstruction (MPR) thin/thick, minimum intensity projection (MIP), volume rendering technique (VRT)
* Freehand and semi-automatic contouring of regions-of-interest on any orientation including oblique
+ Automated Contouring on CT images
* Creation of contours on images supported by the application without prior assignment of a planning CT
+ Manual and semi-automatic registration using rigid and deformable registration
+ Supports the user in comparing, contouring, and adapting contours based on datasets acquired with different imaging
modalities and at different time points
* Supports multi-modality image fusion
+ Visualization and contouring of moving tumors and organs
* Management of points of interest including but not limited to the isocenter
+ Creation of simple geometric treatment plans
* Generation of a synthetic CT based on multiple pre-define MR acquisitions
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF
31

Traditional: 510(k): syngo.via RT Image Suite

K211379
                    510(k) Summary

I.    Identification of the Submitter
Importer/Distributor
Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
40 Liberty Boulevard
Malvern, PA 19355

Establishment Registration Number
2240869

Manufacturing Site
Siemens Healthcare GmbH
Siemensstr 1
D-91301 Forchheim, Germany

Establishment Registration Number
3004977335

Submitter Contact Person:
Clayton Ginn
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
810 Innovation Drive
Knoxville, TN 37932
Phone: (865) 898-2692
Email: clayton.ginn@siemens-healthineers.com

II.   Device Name and Classification
Product Name:          syngo.via RT Image Suite
Propriety Trade Name:   syngo.via RT Image Suite
Classification Name:    System, Planning, Radiation Therapy Treatment
Classification Panel:    Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.5050
Device Class:           Class II
Product Code:       MUJ

III.  Predicate Device
Trade Name:            syngo.via RT Image Suite
510(k) Number:       K201444
Clearance Date:         08/13/2020
Classification Name:    System, Planning, Radiation Therapy Treatment
Classification Panel:    Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.5050
Device Class:           Class II
Product Code:       MUJ


                                                                                                  32

Traditional: 510(k): syngo.via RT Image Suite

IV.  Device Description
The subject device with the current software version SOMARIS/8 VB60 is an image analysis software
for viewing, manipulation, 3D and 4D visualization, comparison of medical images from multiple
imaging modalities and for the segmentation of tumors and organs-at-risk, prior to dosimetric planning
in radiation therapy. syngo.via RT Image Suite combines routine and advanced digital image processing
and visualization tools for manual and software assisted contouring of volumes of interest, identification
of points of interest, sending isocenter points to an external laser system, registering images and
exporting final results. syngo.via RT Image Suite supports the medical professional with tools to use
during different steps in radiation therapy case preparation.
For the current software version SOMARIS/8 VB60 the following already cleared features have been
modified:

    •   Reference Point Management
    •   Patient Marking
    •   Contouring / Routine Contouring
    •   Structure Set Management
    •   Synthetic CT
    •   Basic Feature of syngo,via RT Image Suite
V.   Indications for Use
syngo.via RT Image Suite is a 3D and 4D image visualization, multi-modality manipulation and
contouring tool that helps the preparation of treatments such as, but not limited to those performed with
radiation (for example, Brachytherapy, Particle Therapy, External Beam Radiation Therapy).
It provides tools to view existing contours, create, edit, modify, copy contours of regions of the body,
such as but not limited to, skin outline, targets and organs-at-risk. It also provides functionalities to
create simple geometric treatment plans. Contours, images and treatment plans can subsequently be
exported to a Treatment Planning System.
The software combines the following digital image processing and visualization tools:

    •   Multi-modality viewing and contouring of anatomical, functional, and multi-parametric images
       such as but not limited to CT, PET, PET/CT, MRI, Linac CBCT images
    •   Multiplanar reconstruction (MPR) thin/thick, minimum intensity projection (MIP), volume
        rendering technique (VRT)
    •   Freehand and semi-automatic contouring of regions-of-interest on any orientation including
        oblique
    •  Automated Contouring on CT images
    •   Creation of contours on images supported by the application without prior assignment of a
       planning CT
    •  Manual and semi-automatic registration using rigid and deformable registration
    •   Supports the user in comparing, contouring, and adapting contours based on datasets acquired
       with different imaging modalities and at different time points
    •   Supports multi-modality image fusion
    •   Visualization and contouring of moving tumors and organs
    •  Management of points of interest including but not limited to the isocenter
    •   Creation of simple geometric treatment plans
    •   Generation of a synthetic CT based on multiple pre-define MR acquisitions
The Indications for Use is unchanged from that of the predicate device.


                                                                                                  33

Traditional: 510(k): syngo.via RT Image Suite

VI.  Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device
As with the predicate device syngo.via RT Image Suite SOMARIS/8 VB50, the subject device supports
viewing, manipulation, 3D and 4D visualization, comparison of medical images from multiple imaging
modalities and the segmentation of tumors and organs-at-risk, prior to dosimetric planning and response
assessment in radiation therapy.
At a high-level a tabular summary of the subject and predicate device’s technological differences is
provided as Table 4 below for the software version SOMARIS/8 VB60:

 Feature         Description and Comparison of the Subject Device to the Predicate Device
 Reference       Reference Point Management allows to edit the position, color, and type
 Point            of Points of Interest (POI).
 Management
                 Modification:
               The workflow for POI creation and editing has been slightly adapted to improve
                    usability without modification of the functionality.
 Patient          Transmission of reference points with the offset details to a movable laser system
 Marking          for patient marking.

                  Modification:
                  • Saving of sent POIs
                  • Removal of default value for laser calibration offset
                  • Consistency checks for laser calibration offset (only for integrated laser)
                  • Minor usability improvements
 Contouring      With Contouring, the user can create, delete, and edit Volumes of Interest (VOIs).
 (Routine
 Contouring)     Modification:
               The routine contouring feature has been enhanced for the subject device to
                   include a tool to cut a structure at a user-defined axial level.

 Structure Set     • Loading and storing of DICOM RT structure sets, creating, editing and deletion
 Management       of structures and POIs.
                  • Creating, editing and deletion of structure templates.
                  • Customize predefined structure database with mapping to international
                   nomenclature schemes.

                  Modifications:
               The Structure Set Management provides a set of improvements to optimize the
                workflow including:
                  • Structure Set approval
                  • Enhanced color picker
                  • Structure sorting by type
                  • Manual and automated merging of structure sets
                  • Streamlined rapid results configuration
                  • Filter for auto-contourable structures
                  • Merge / expand structure via structure templates
 Synthetic CT    The synthetic CT feature provides functionality to create a CT-density equivalent
                image series out of multiple MR-image-series.

                 Modification:
               The algorithm for brain and pelvis synthetic CTs has been changed from Atlas
                 based to a deep-learning algorithm.
                                                                                                  34

Traditional: 510(k): syngo.via RT Image Suite

Basic Feature    The set provides basic feature of the subject device.
of syngo.via
RT Image Suite  Modification:
                For the subject device the Parallel Image Display feature as well as the general
               workflow have been improved.


                                                                                                 35

Traditional: 510(k): syngo.via RT Image Suite

VII. Performance Data
The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.
Software Verification and Validation
Software Documentation for a Major Level of Concern software per FDA’s Guidance Document
“Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”
issued on May 11, 2005 is also included as part of this submission. The performance data
demonstrates continued conformance with special controls for medical devices containing software.
The Risk Analysis was completed, and risk control implemented to mitigate identified hazards. The
testing supports that all software specifications have met the acceptance criteria. Testing for
verification and validation support the claim of substantial equivalence.

Non-Clinical Testing
This submission contains performance  tests (Non-clincal  test reports) to demonstrate continued
conformance with  special  controls  for medical devices containing  software. Non-clinical  tests
(integration and functional) were conducted for syngo.via RT Image Suite during product development.
These tests have been performed to test the ability of the included features of the subject device. The
results of these tests demonstrate that the subject device performs as intended. The result of all conducted
testing was found acceptable to support the claim of substantial equivalence.
Summary of the Performance Evaluation of the Algorithm
The subject device syngo.via RT Image Suite VB60 includes an AI-based algorithm for the creation of
synthetic CT images from MR images to be used in the preparation of radiation therapy treatment
planning.
The AI-based algorithm was tested on independent data for geometric fidelity and HU accuracy using
automated bench tests.
The subject device algorithm demonstrated very good geometric accuracy with average deviations in
the body outline smaller than 1 mm, which is below the voxel resolution and therefore not clinically
relevant. The HU accuracy of the subject device algorithm was well within 50 HU (200 HU) for soft
(bone) tissue.
In comparison to the predicate device, the subject device algorithm showed equal performance in
geometric accuracy and superior performance in HU accuracy.
Risk Analysis
The risk analysis was completed, and risk control implemented to mitigate identified hazards. The
testing results support that all the software specifications have met the acceptance criteria. Testing for
verification and validation of the device was found acceptable to support the claims of substantial
equivalence.
Siemens hereby certifies that syngo.via RT Image Suite meets the following voluntary standards
covering electrical and mechanical safety listed below:

                                                                                          Standards   Recognition      Product                                                Date of                                                    Title of Standard                              Development    Number        Area                                                   Recognition                                                                                           Organization
                                     Digital Imaging and Communications in 12-300           Radiology                                                   06/27/2016      NEMA                               Medicine (DICOM) Set; PS 3.1 – 3.20
                               Medical Device Software –Software Life Cycle                AAMI, ANSI, 13-79            Software                                                    01/14/2019                                   Processes; 62304:2015-06 (Edition 1.1)                           IEC
                               Medical devices – Application of risk                   Software/ 5-40                        management to medical devices; 14971 Second     06/27/2016         ISO                    Informatics                                   Edition 2007-03-01
                                                                                                  36

Traditional: 510(k): syngo.via RT Image Suite

                                                                                          Standards   Recognition      Product                                                Date of                                                    Title of Standard                              Development    Number        Area                                                   Recognition                                                                                           Organization
                               Medical devices - Part 1: Application of                  General I 5-114                               usability engineering to medical devices           12/23/2016         IEC               (QS/RM)                           IEC 62366-1:2015

VIII. Conclusion
syngo.via RT Image Suite (software version SOMARIS/8 VB60) has the same intended use and same
indication for use as the predicate device (software version SOMARIS/8 VB50). The fundamental
technological characteristics are the same as the predicate device. The result of all testing conducted
was found acceptable to support the claim of substantial equivalence. The comparison of technological
characteristics, non-clinical performance data, and software validation demonstrates that the subject
device is as safe and effective when compared to the predicate device that is currently marketed for the
same intended use. For the subject device, syngo.via RT Image Suite, Siemens used the same testing
with the same workflows as used to clear the predicate device. Siemens considers syngo.via RT Image
Suite to be as safe, as effective and with performance substantially equivalent to the commercially
available predicate devices.


                                                                                                  37