November 26, 2021
Therapixel
℅ Ms. Cindy Domecus
Principal
Domecus Consulting Services LLC
1171 Barroichet Drive
HILLSBOROUGH CA 94010

Re: K211541
    Trade/Device Name: MammoScreen® 2.0
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2090
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer assisted detection and diagnosis software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QDQ
    Dated: November 19, 2021
    Received: November 22, 2021

Dear Ms. Domecus:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K211541 - Ms. Cindy Domecus                                                         Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,

                    Yanna S. Kang -S  For

                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K211541
Device Name
MammoScreen® 2.0
Indications for Use (Describe)
MammoScreen® is intended for use as a concurrent reading aid for interpreting physicians, to
help identify findings on screening FFDM and DBT acquired with compatible mammography
systems and assess their level of suspicion. Output of the device includes marks placed on findings
on the mammogram and level of suspicion scores. The findings could be soft tissue lesions or
calcifications. The level of suspicion score is expressed at the finding level, for each breast and
overall for the mammogram. Patient management decisions should not be made solely on the basis
of analysis by MammoScreen®.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Summary
                                  K211541
This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is prepared in accordance
with the requirements of 21 CFR § 807.92.


Applicant Information:
                           510(k) Owner: Therapixel
                        455 Promenade des Anglais,
                        06200 Nice
                          France
                          Phone: +33 9 72 55 20 39

                            Contact:
                          Quentin de Snoeck, R.A.C. (US & EU)
                      RA/QA/IS Manager
                           Email: qdesnoeck@therapixel.com


Submission Correspondent:
                         Cindy Domecus, R.A.C. (US & EU)
                           Regulatory Consultant to Therapixel
                          Phone: 650.343.4813
                           Fax: 650.343.7822
                           Email: Cindy@DomecusConsulting.com


Date Summary Prepared:    November 25th, 2021


                                                                       Page 1 of 5
510(k) submission MammoScreen 2.0

Device Information:
Trade Name:            MammoScreen 2.0
Common Name:            Computer-Assisted Detection Device
Device Classification Name: Radiological Computer Assisted Detection/Diagnosis Software For
                           Lesions Suspicious For Cancer
Regulation Number:        892.2090
Regulation Class:           Class II
Product Code:         QDQ
Submission type             Traditional 510(k)
510(k) number:           K211541

Predicate Device:
The predicate device is MammoScreen, cleared under K192854.

Device Description:
MammoScreen 2.0 automatically processes the four views (one CC and one MLO per breast) of
standard screening FFDM or DBT, and outputs a corresponding report on a separate screen,
alongside the monitors used for reading. This report is designed to be easily readable with very
few interactions required by providing an overall level of suspicion of each exam and giving
explicit visual indications when highly suspicious exams are detected.


MammoScreen 2.0 detects and characterizes findings on a scale from one to ten, referred to as
the MammoScreen score. The score was designed such that findings with a low score have a very
low level of suspicion. As the score increases, so does the level of suspicion.


Furthermore, MammoScreen 2.0 provides a high  level of  interpretability. Results are by
construction consistent at the finding, breast and mammogram level. A breast takes on the highest
score of its detected findings, and the level of suspicion for the exam is driven by the breast(s) with
the highest score. Therefore, it is always possible to track a high suspicion of malignancy for an
exam to the corresponding breast(s), and to a specific finding within the breast(s).


Indication for Use:

MammoScreen is intended for use as a concurrent reading aid for interpreting physicians, to help
identify findings on screening FFDM or DBT acquired with compatible mammography systems,
and assess their level of suspicion. Output of the device includes marks placed on findings on the
mammogram and level of suspicion scores. The findings could be  soft  tissue lesions or
calcifications. The level of suspicion score is expressed at the finding level, for each breast and
overall for the mammogram. Patient management decisions should not be made solely on the basis
of analysis by MammoScreen.


                                                                       Page 2 of 5
510(k) submission MammoScreen 2.0

Intended user population

Intended users of MammoScreen are physicians qualified to read screening mammograms.

Intended patient population

The  device  is  intended  to be used  in  the  population  of women undergoing  screening
mammography.

Warnings and precautions

Patient management  decisions should  not be made  solely on  the  basis  of  analysis by
MammoScreen.

Predicate device comparison:
The indication for use of MammoScreen 2.0 is similar to that of the predicate device. Both devices
are intended for concurrent use by physicians interpreting breast images to help them with
localizing and characterizing findings. The devices are not intended as a replacement for the review
of a physician or their clinical judgement. Use of the device with DBT has been added in the
indications for use of the subject device compared to the indications for use of the predicate device.
The algorithmic components have been updated to improve detection accuracy for FFDM and to
enable processing of DBT. The overall design of MammoScreen 2.0 is the same as that of the
predicate device. Both versions detect and characterize findings in radiological breast images and
provide information about the presence, location, and characteristics of the findings to the user in
a similar manner. The modifications do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness of
the device as compared to the predicate device.


Non clinical Testing
MammoScreen is a software-only device. The level of concern for the device is determined as
Moderate Level of Concern.


Tests have been performed in compliance with the following recognized consensus standards:
  ●  IEC 62304:2006/A1:2016- Medical device software - Software life-cycle processes
  ●  IEC 62366-1:2015+AMD1:2020- Medical devices - Application of usability engineering
        to medical devices.

MammoScreen 2.0 has successfully completed integration and verification testing and beta
validation. In addition, potential hazards have been evaluated and mitigated, and have acceptable
levels.


                                                                       Page 3 of 5
510(k) submission MammoScreen 2.0

Clinical Testing

Clinical validation of MammoScreen 2.0 included two reader studies (one for each modality:
FFDM and DBT) with similar designs and methodologies.
Hereafter, unless differences are explicitly detailed, the description will refer to both studies.
The reader studies used a multi-reader multi-case (MRMC) cross-over design with an enriched
sample set of 240 cases with MQSA-qualified and ABR-certified readers (14 for the 2D study and
20 for the 3D study) to compare the performance of unaided radiologists to that of radiologists
using MammoScreen.
The objectives of the studies were to determine:
  ●  Whether the radiologist performance when using MammoScreen is superior to unaided
        radiologist performance for interpretation of screening mammograms (primary objective).
  ●  Whether the performance of MammoScreen standalone is superior to unaided radiologist
       performance.
  ●  Whether the performance of MammoScreen standalone is non-inferior to aided radiologist
       performance.
All performances were intended at mammogram, breast and finding level and assessed by
measuring the Area Under the Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) Curve (AUC).


Radiologists improved their diagnostic performance in the detection of breast cancer with 2D
FFDM  (Full-Field  Digital Mammography) by using MammoScreen. The performance  of
radiologists taking part in the clinical study was improved when using MammoScreen 2.0, with
the average AUC going from 0.77 to 0.80.
The performance of the standalone MammoScreen on FFDM (AUC = 0.79) was found to be noninferior to the average performance of unaided radiologists (AUC = 0.77).
This MRMC study was conducted on MammoScreen 1.0, the predicate device. Standalone
performance tests on subject device demonstrate that MammoScreen 2.0 achieves non-inferior
performance compared to the predicate device.


Radiologists improved their diagnostic performance in the detection of breast cancer with DBT
(Digital Breast Tomosynthesis) by using MammoScreen. The performance of radiologists taking
part in the clinical study was improved when using MammoScreen 2.0, with the average AUC
going from 0.79 to 0.83.
The performance of the standalone MammoScreen on DBT (AUC = 0.84) was found to be superior
to the average performance of unaided radiologists (AUC = 0.79).
Technological characteristics

                    Subject Device                                  Predicate Device    Substantially
                                                                                    Equivalent?


                                                                       Page 4 of 5
510(k) submission MammoScreen 2.0

MammoScreen (K192854)                  MammoScreen
                                                                          2.0 (K211541)

 Fundamental       In MammoScreen, a range of medical image      SAME             Yes, identical
  scientific           processing and machine learning techniques are
 technology         implemented. The system includes ‘deep learning’
                   modules for recognition of suspicious
                        calcifications and soft tissue lesions. These
                   modules are trained with very large databases of
                     biopsy-proven examples of breast cancer and
                   normal tissue.
The predicate device and the subject device are two versions of the MammoScreen software. They
both rely on the same fundamental scientific technology. MammoScreen has been adapted to
enable analysis of DBT images. This design change is gauged at the software detailed design level
and does not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness by itself.


Conclusions
Standalone performance tests with FFDM demonstrate that MammoScreen 2.0 achieves noninferior performance compared to the predicate device. For application with DBT, a clinical reader
study and standalone tests demonstrated that the device is safe and effective.
Therapixel has applied a risk management process in accordance with FDA recognized standards
to identify, evaluate, and mitigate all known hazards related to MammoScreen 2.0. These hazards
may occur when accuracy of diagnosis is potentially affected, causing either false positives or false
negatives. All identified risks are effectively mitigated and it can be concluded that the residual
risk is outweighed by the benefits. Considering all data in this submission, the data provided in
this 510(k) support the safe and effective use of MammoScreen 2.0 for its indications for use and
substantial equivalence to the predicate device.


                                                                       Page 5 of 5
510(k) submission MammoScreen 2.0