November 19, 2021

Chengdu Wision Medical Device Co., LTD.
℅ John Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth St, NW
Washington, DC 20004

Re:   K211326
       Trade/Device Name: EndoScreener
       Regulation Number: 21 CFR 876.1520
       Regulation Name: Gastrointestinal lesion software detection system
       Regulatory Class: Class II
       Product Code: QNP
       Dated: November 18, 2021
       Received: November 18, 2021

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K211326 - John Smith                                                                 Page 2


You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21
CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related
adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for
combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatoryinformation/postmarketing-safety-reporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice
requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current
good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the
electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                      Shanil P. Haugen -S

                                              Shanil P. Haugen, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT3A: Division of Renal, Gastrointestinal,
                                              Obesity and Transplant Devices
                                  OHT3: Office of GastroRenal, ObGyn,
                                             General Hospital and Urology Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                        Food and Drug Administration                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                     See PRA Statement below                  Indications for Use
510(k) Number (if known)
 K211326

Device Name

EndoScreener
Indications for Use (Describe)

EndoScreener is intended as a stand-alone software for real-time automatic detection of polyps in colonoscopy
video stream during the procedure.

Physicians are responsible for reviewing the identified areas of suspect polyps presented by EndoScreener and
confirming the presence or absence of a polyp on the evaluation of the colonoscopy image on the monitor and their
own medical judgment. EndoScreener is not intended to replace a full patient evaluation, nor is it intended to be
relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis.

EndoScreener is indicated for use by licensed endoscopists who perform colonoscopy in adults. EndoScreener is
indicated for use with white light colonoscopy.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
               ☒Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)      ☐Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including
          the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and
         complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
          other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human
                                           Services Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                             Page 1 of 1                                   PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

                                             57
                                                                                              057
 \\DC - 708252/000300 - 10629489 v14

K211326
                                                         Page 1 of 3


                                  510(k) SUMMARY

                    Changdu Wision’s EndoScreener


Submitter

Chengdu Wision Medical Device Co., Ltd.

Unit 802, Floor 8,

Building 17, Yintaicheng

No.1999 Yizhou Road,

Wuhou District

Chengdu, Sichuan, China, 610041


Phone: +86 139-1030-8383

Contact Person: JingJia Liu

Date Prepared: November 16, 2021

Name of Device: EndoScreener

Common or Usual Name: Computer aided detection software for colorectal polyps

Classification Name: Gastrointestinal lesion software detection system

Regulatory Class: Class II (21 CFR 876.1520)

Product Code: QNP

Predicate Device: GI Genius (DEN 200055)

Device Description

The  EndoScreener  is  a  computer-assisted  detection  device  for  colorectal  polyps.
EndoScreener takes as input colonoscopy video stream from an endoscopy device, which is
analyzed in real-time. The device output consists of blue boxes overlaid onto the colonoscopy
images to highlight regions of potential polyp. EndoScreener also has the option to sound an
alert to the physicians who perform the colonoscopy when a polyp has been detected.
Following detection by EndoScreener, the physician must confirm the EndoScreener findings
based on his/her own medical judgment.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

EndoScreener is intended as a stand-alone software for real-time automatic detection of
polyps in colonoscopy video stream during the procedure.

Physicians are responsible for reviewing the identified areas of suspect polyps presented by
EndoScreener and confirming the presence or absence of a polyp on the evaluation of the

K211326
                                                          Page 2 of 3


colonoscopy image on the monitor and their own medical judgment. EndoScreener is not
intended to replace a full patient evaluation, nor is it intended to be relied upon to make or
confirm a diagnosis.

EndoScreener is indicated for use by licensed endoscopists who perform colonoscopy in
adults. EndoScreener is indicated for use with white light colonoscopy.

Summary of Technological Characteristics

At a high  level, the subject and predicate devices are based on the following same
technological elements:

    •  Both the EndoScreener and the GI Genius use artificial intelligence algorithms to assist
        clinicians in detecting colon polyps colonoscopy examination.

    •  Both devices take as input a colonoscopy video stream from an endoscopy device and
       provide as an output a bounding box that highlights the detected polyps.

    •  Both devices are used in real-time to aid the clinicians in identifying abnormal lesions.

The following technological differences exist between the subject and predicate devices:

    •  The subject device uses a customized deep learning model, which is likely to be slightly
         different from the deep learning model and customization used by GI Genius.

Performance Data

In the nonclinical testing of the subject device included validation of the deep learning algorithm
on multiple datasets to evaluate per-image sensitivity and specificity as well as per-polyp
sensitivity and AUC.  Specifically, performance was evaluated on a dataset  of 1,138
consecutive polyp patients with histology confirmation and acceptable performance was
obtained. For all assessments performed, the EndoScreener functioned as intended and the
polyp detection accuracy observed was as expected. Endoscopic imaging degradation and
latency due to the device were also evaluated, with appropriate hardware components, and
the software device produced no imaging degradation and ignorable end-to-end latency.

EndoScreener performance was also evaluated in a multi-center, tandem colonoscopy,
randomized controlled trial, performed at four United States academic medical centers. The
study included 223  patients  with screening and  surveillance  indications, whom were
randomized to CADe-routine group and Routine-CADe group for back-to-back colonoscopy
procedures. The primary endpoint adenoma miss rate (AMR) was significantly lower in CADefirst group and the 1st pass adenoma per colonoscopy (APC) was higher in the CADe-first
group.

Based on  the  clinical performance as documented  in  the  pivotal  clinical  study,  the
EndoScreener has a safety and effectiveness profile that is similar to the predicate device.

K211326
                                                          Page 3 of 3


Conclusions

The EndoScreener is as safe and effective as the GI Genius. The EndoScreener has the
same intended uses and similar indications, technological characteristics, and principles of
operation as its predicate device. The minor differences in indications do not alter the intended
use of the device and do not affect its safety and effectiveness when used as labeled.  In
addition, the minor technological differences between the EndoScreener and its predicate
device raise no new issues of safety or effectiveness. Performance data demonstrate that the
EndoScreener is as safe and effective as GI Genius. Thus, the EndoScreener is substantially
equivalent.