GE Medical Systems, LLC.
℅ Ms. Laura Turner
Regulatory Affairs Leader
3000 North Grandview Blvd
WAUKESHA WI 53188

Re: K211846
    Trade/Device Name: Discovery MI Gen2
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1200
    Regulation Name: Emission computed tomography system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: KPS, JAK
    Dated: June 14, 2021
    Received: June 15, 2021

Dear Ms. Turner:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K211846 - Ms. Laura Turner                                                            Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                      Julie Sullivan -S
                                                   for
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)

K211846
Device Name
Discovery MI Gen2
Indications for Use (Describe)
The GE Discovery MI Gen2 is a PET/CT system for producing attenuation corrected PET images. It is intended to be
used by qualified health care professionals for imaging the distribution and localization of any positron-emitting
radiopharmaceutical in a patient, for the assessment of metabolic (molecular) and physiologic function in patients, with a
wide range of sizes and extent of disease, of all ages.
Discovery MI Gen2 is intended to image the whole body, head, heart, brain, lung, breast, bone, the gastrointestinal and
lymphatic systems, and other organs. The images produced by the system may be used by physicians to aid in
radiotherapy treatment planning, therapy guidance and monitoring, and in interventional radiology procedures. The
images may also be used for precise functional and anatomical mapping (localization, registration, and fusion).
When used with radiopharmaceuticals approved by the regulatory authority in the country of use, the raw and image data
is an aid in; detection, localization, evaluation, diagnosis, staging, restaging, monitoring, and/or follow up, of
abnormalities, lesions, tumors, inflammation, infection, organ function, disorders, and/or disease, such as, but not limited
to, those in oncology, cardiology, and neurology. Examples of which are:
Cardiology:
* Cardiovascular disease
+ Myocardial perfusion
+ Myocardial viability
* Cardiac inflammation
* Coronary artery disease
Neurology:
+ Epilepsy
* Dementia, such as Alzheimer’s disease, Lewy body dementia, Parkinson’s disease with dementia, and frontotemporal
dementia
* Movement disorders, such as Parkinson’s and Huntington’s disease
¢ Tumors
+ Inflammation
* Cerebrovascular disease such as acute stroke, chronic and acute ischemia
* Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI)
Oncology/Cancer:
* Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer
* Small Cell Lung Cancer
+ Breast Cancer
+ Prostate Cancer
* Hodgkin’s disease
+ Non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma
* Colorectal Cancer
+ Melanoma
Discovery MI Gen2 is also intended for stand-alone, diagnostic CT imaging in accordance with the stand-alone CT
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 2 PSC Publishing Senses GOD 4345700 EF

44

system's cleared indications for use
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) oO Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 2 of 2
4-2

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission
K211846
            510(k) SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVNESS

This 510(k) summary of Safety and Effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with
the requirement of 21 CFR Part 807.87(h):


   Date:                  June 14, 2021

   Submitter:           GE Medical Systems, LLC
                       3000 North Grandview Blvd
                        Waukesha, WI 53188


   Primary Contact:        Laura Turner
                           Regulatory Affairs Leader
                     GE Healthcare
                       Phone 262-200-1044
                            Email: laura.turner@ge.com


                         John Jaeckle  Secondary Contacts:
                            Chief Regulatory Affairs Strategist
                     GE Healthcare
                                Tel: 262-424-9547
                            Email: john.jaeckle@med.ge.com


                         Helen Peng
                           Regulatory Affairs Director
                     GE Healthcare
                            Email: hong.peng@med.ge.com


  PRODUCT IDENTIFICTION


   Device Name:           Discovery MI Gen 2
                            Also marketed as Discovery MI, Discovery MI Gen2, Discovery Max
                       and Discovery Max+


   Regulation number/     Emission Computed Tomography System per 21CFR 892.1200
   Product Code          Computed Tomography X-ray System per 21 CFR892.1750 / 90 KPS
                       and 90 JAK


                               Page 1

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


  Device Classification      Class II


  Predicate Device Information:


  Device Name            Discovery MI

  Manufacturer         GE Medical System, LLC.
                       3000 North Grandview Blvd
                       Waukesha, WI 53188

  510(k) number         K161574 cleared on August 11, 2016

  Regulation number      Emission Computed Tomography System per 21CFR 892.1200
  /product Code         Computed Tomography X-ray System per 21 CFR892.1750 / 90 KPS
                       and 90 JAK


Device Description:


GE’s Discovery MI (DMI) Gen2, same as the unmodified predicate device, is a hybrid digital PET/CT
diagnostic imaging system combining a GE Positron Emission Tomography (PET) System and a GE
Computed Tomography (CT) System. The DMI Gen2 is intended for CT attenuation corrected,
anatomically localized PET imaging of the distribution of positron-emitting radiopharmaceuticals.
It is intended to image the whole body, head, heart, brain, lung, breast, bone, the gastrointestinal
and lymphatic systems, and other organs. The system is also intended for stand-alone, diagnostic
CT imaging.

GE has modified the cleared Discovery MI (K161574) within our design controls to include a 6-
ring configuration that provides 30 cm Axial Field of View (AFOV) coverage. DMI Gen2 employs
the same detector design architecture and manufacturing process as in the predicate to offer
scalable ring configurations (3-ring, 4-ring, 5-ring and 6-ring) to have scalable AFOV coverage
(15cm, 20cm, 25cm and 30cm) and corresponding imaging performances.

The introduction of the 30 cm configuration comes with several clinical benefits. The higher
AFOV coverage, compared to other Discovery MI configurations, allows a patient to be scanned
using fewer field of views, which could allow for scanning in shorter time. Additionally,
sensitivity of the 30 cm system is higher compared to other configurations, like the Discovery MI
25 cm, which assists in dose reduction and better detectability of small lesions. These claims are
not clinical instructions/recommendations to a physician on how their patient(s) should be
scanned. Rather, they are system imaging performance-related claims.


                               Page 2

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


This modified system has the same intended use and indications for use as its predicate device.
The modified system employs the same basic fundamental operating principles as the existing
marketed product Discovery MI, and is of comparable type and substantially equivalent to its
predicate device.


Intended Use


The Discovery MI Gen2 PET/CT system is intended for CT attenuation corrected, anatomically
localized PET imaging of the distribution of positron-emitting radiopharmaceuticals. It is
intended to image the whole body, head, heart, brain, lung, breast, bone, the gastrointestinal
and lymphatic systems, and other organs. The system is also intended for stand-alone,
diagnostic CT imaging.


Indications for Use


The GE Discovery MI Gen2 is a PET/CT system for producing attenuation corrected PET images.
It is intended to be used by qualified health care professionals for imaging the distribution and
localization of any positron-emitting radiopharmaceutical in a patient, for the assessment of
metabolic (molecular) and physiologic function in patients, with a wide range of sizes and extent
of disease, of all ages.

Discovery MI Gen2 is intended to image the whole body, head, heart, brain, lung, breast, bone,
the gastrointestinal and lymphatic systems, and other organs. The images produced by the
system may be used by physicians to aid in radiotherapy treatment planning, therapy guidance
and monitoring, and in interventional radiology procedures. The images may also be used for
precise functional and anatomical mapping (localization, registration, and fusion).
When used with radiopharmaceuticals approved by the regulatory authority in the country of
use, the raw and image data is an aid in; detection, localization, evaluation, diagnosis, staging,
restaging, monitoring, and/or follow up, of abnormalities, lesions, tumors, inflammation,
infection, organ function, disorders, and/or disease, such as, but not limited to, those in
oncology, cardiology, and neurology. Examples of which are:

Cardiology:
    •   Cardiovascular disease
    •   Myocardial perfusion
    •   Myocardial viability
    •   Cardiac inflammation
    •   Coronary artery disease


Neurology:

                               Page 3

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

    •   Epilepsy
    •  Dementia, such as Alzheimer’s disease, Lewy body dementia, Parkinson’s disease with
       dementia, and frontotemporal dementia
    •  Movement disorders, such as Parkinson’s and Huntington’s disease
    •  Tumors
    •   Inflammation
    •   Cerebrovascular disease such as acute stroke, chronic and acute ischemia
    •   Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI)

Oncology/Cancer:
    •   Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer
    •   Small Cell Lung Cancer
    •   Breast Cancer
    •   Prostate Cancer
    •   Hodgkin’s disease
    •   Non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma
    •   Colorectal Cancer
    •  Melanoma

Discovery MI Gen2 is also intended for stand-alone, diagnostic CT imaging in accordance with
the stand-alone CT system’s cleared indications for use


Technology


Discovery MI Gen2 employs  the same  basic  operating  principles and fundamental
technologies as the predicate device.

The table below summarizes the substantive feature/technological differences between the
predicate device and the proposed device:


                               Page 4

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


 Specification/        Predicate Device                 Proposed Device
 Attribute
                      Discovery MI K161574

 PET Gantry             Multiple detector ring size              Multiple detector ring size
                          configurations (15, 20, 25 cm axial       configurations (15, 20, 25, 30 cm
                      FOV)                                        axial FOV).

 Detector Unit         SiPM-based light sensor with ASIC     Same

                      LYSO scintillator crystal              LYSO or LGSO scintillator crystals

 CT System             Revolution EVO - Full suite of cleared    Revolution EVO - Full suite of cleared
                      CT application software with          CT application software with
                          modifications (K131576)                modifications including Deep
                                                              Learning Image Reconstruction
                                                                  (DLIR) K193170

 Whole Body         Whole body dynamic acquisition      Whole body dynamic acquisition
 Dynamic Acquisition   capability enabled by manually          capability with automation to help
 (WBDA)               performing multiple passes that are     the user to perform the scan with
                           also referred as static scans of a        adequate user interface and
                          patient                              dedicated tools to improve the user
                                                            experience

 AutoIN                              -                               Allows the operator to move the
                                                                patient table from the operator
                                                             console within the operator room,
                                                                rather than from the gantry control
                                                           panel for landmarking


                               Page 5

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


Determination of Substantial Equivalence


Discovery MI Gen2 has completed testing and is in compliance with IEC 60601-1 Ed. 3, 21CFR
Subchapter J, and NEMA XR-25, XR-26, XR-28 and XR-29. The proposed device has successfully
completed all testing per our quality system as well as comparison testing to the predicate
device.  It was designed and is manufactured under the Quality System Regulations of 21CFR
820 and ISO 13485. The following quality assurance measures were applied to the development
of the system:

    •  Risk Analysis
    •  Required Reviews
    •  Design Reviews
    •  Testing on unit level (Module verification)
    •  Integration testing (System verification)
    •  Performance testing (Verification)
    •  Safety testing (Verification)
    •  Simulated use testing (Validation)

GE believes the Discovery MI Gen2 system is of comparable type and substantially equivalent to
our currently marketed system Discovery MI (K161574).

The substantial equivalence was also based on software documentation for a "Moderate" level
of concern device.


Summary of Additional Testing


A broad range of engineering testing following GEHC’s quality management system has been
completed to demonstrate that the design outputs of the proposed device meet the design
inputs, and the changes as compared to the predicate device do not raise new questions about
safety and effectiveness.

In addition to the standards certification testing and system verification and validation testing
successfully completed, additional engineering (non-Clinical testing) was performed to provide
the requisite data to substantiate performance claims and ultimately substantial equivalence to
the legally marketed predicate device.

Non-Clinical Testing


Image Performance evaluation testing used a variety of test methods and phantoms covering a
broad base of relevant imaging performance and image quality test cases that demonstrate
Discovery MI Gen2’s ability to provide diagnostic and clinically relevant images across the full
range of its expected use cases and patient populations. Mathematical and physics analysis


                               Page 6

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


were performed to demonstrate that each performance claim was successfully verified and
substantiated.

All testing was performed using scientific methods that are standardized (e.g. NEMA, FDA
Guidance), well established, and/or reviewed in previous GE’s PETCT or Nuclear Medicine
clearances.


Clinical Testing

Discovery MI Gen2 is designed and built entirely from existing and cleared systems, subsystems, components, and technologies of its Predicate Device (Discovery MI).

This type of change in Discovery MI Gen 2 is supported using scientific,
established/standardized, engineering/physics-based performance testing, without inclusion of
clinical images, to demonstrate that the device is as safe and as effective as the predicate
devices.

Given the above information and the type and scope of the changes, particularly the addition of
the 30 cm, 6-ring, AFOV configuration, clinical testing is not required to demonstrate that the
Discovery MI Gen 2 is as safe and as effective as the legally marketed predicate device.

Substantial Equivalence Conclusion:


Based on the conformance to standards, development under our quality system, and the
engineering testing provided, GE Healthcare believes that the Discovery MI Gen2 is as safe and
effective, and performs in a substantially equivalent manner to the predicate device Discovery MI
(K161574).


                               Page 7