July 8, 2022

ScanMed, LLC
℅ Carlee Seeba
Director, Compliance And Corporate Quality
9840 S 140th Street, Suite #8
OMAHA NE 68138

Re: K212783
    Trade/Device Name: ProstatIDTM
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2090
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer assisted detection and diagnosis software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QDQ
    Dated: May 31, 2022
    Received: June 2, 2022

Dear Carlee Seeba:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K212783 - Carlee Seeba                                                               Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                                                                    for
                                          Michael D. O’Hara, Ph.D.
                                        Deputy Director
                             DHT 8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                          and Radiation Therapy Devices
                             OHT 8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                            See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K212783

Device Name
ProstatIDTm


Indications for Use (Describe)
INDICATIONS FOR USE:
ProstatlDTM is a radiological computer assisted detection (CADe) and diagnostic (CADx) software device for use in a
healthcare facility or hospital to assist trained radiologists in the detection, assessment and characterization of prostate
abnormalities, including cancer lesions using MR image data with the following indications for use.

ProstatlD analyzes T2W, DWI and ADC MRI data. ProstatlD does not include DCE images in its analysis.

ProstatlD software is intended for use as a concurrent reading aid for physicians interpreting prostate MRI exams of
patients presented for high-risk screening or diagnostic imaging, from compatible MRI systems, to identify regions
suspicious for prostate cancer and assess their likelihood of malignancy.

Outputs of the device include the volume of the prostate and locations, as well as the extent of suspect lesions, with index
scores indicating the likelihood that cancer is present, as well as an exam score by way of PI-RADS interpretation
suggestion. "Extent of suspect lesions" refers to both the assessment of the boundary of a particular abnormality, as well
as identification of multiple abnormalities. In cases where multiple abnormalities are present, ProstatlD can be used to
assess each abnormality independently.

Outputs of this device should be interpreted with all available MR data consistent with ACR clinical recommendations
(e.g., dynamic contract enhanced images if available) in context of PI-RADs v2, and in conjunction with bi-parametric
MRI acquired with either surface or endorectal MRI accessory coils from compatible MRI systems. Analysis by ProstatlD
is not intended as a replacement for interpreting prostate abnormalities using MR image data consistent with clinical
recommendations (including DCE); nor should patient management decisions be made solely on the basis of ProstatlD.

INTENDED USER POPULATION
Intended users ofProstatlD are physicians qualified to read and interpret prostate MRI exams consistent with ACR
recommendations in the context of PI-RADS v2.

INTENDED PATIENT POPULATION
The device is intended to be used in the population of biological adult males with a prostate gland undergoing screening
or clinical MRI exams. This includes biological males with clinical indicators suggestive of possible prostate cancer or
with family history of prostate cancer.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)     E  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                         CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.


FORM FDA 3881 (6120)                             Page 1 of 2                                                      PSC Pubshing Srvics (301) 443-6740   EF

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."


FORM FDA 3881 (6120)                             Page 2 of 2

9840 S. 140th St., Suite 8,
                                              Omaha, NE 68138 US
                                                    (O) 402.934.2650 (F) 402.778.9699
                                              www.scanmed.com
                                                       K212783

  I.  SUBMITTER
      ScanMed LLC
      9840 S. 140th St., Suite 8
      Omaha, NE 68138
       Phone: (402) 934-2650
       Fax: (402) 778-9699

       Contact Person: Randall Jones, D.E.
       Date of 510(k) Submission: August 27, 2021


 II.   DEVICE
     Name of Device: ProstatIDTM, Model 5SW.01 Version 2.0
       Regulation name: Radiological Computer Assisted Detection and Diagnosis
       Software Regulatory Number: 21 CFR 892.2090
       Regulatory Classification:
       Class II Product Code: QDQ
     Common Name: ProstatIDTM MRI Diagnostic Aid for Prostate Cancer

III.  PREDICATE DEVICE
     Name of Predicate: TransparaTM 1.6.0
        Predicate 510(k) Number: K193229
        Applicant: ScreenPoint Medical B.V.
       Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2090
       Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Assisted Detection and Diagnosis Software
       Regulatory Classification: Class II
       Product Code: QDQ

       This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.

     No reference devices were used in this submission.

IV.   DEVICE DESCRIPTION AND ENVIRONMENT OF USE
       ProstatIDTM is a radiological computer assisted detection (CADe) and diagnostic (CADx) softwareonly device for use in a healthcare facility or hospital to assist trained radiologists in the detection,
       assessment, and characterization of lesions suspicious for cancer using MR image data. ProstatID
         is intended for use as a concurrent reading aid for physicians interpreting prostate MRI exams of
        patients presented for high-risk screening or diagnostic imaging, from compatible MRI systems.
      Deep learning and Random Forest algorithms are applied to the DICOM image set of MRI Axial
      Images (T2W, DWI, and ADC) of the prostate for recognition of the prostate gland, its central
       gland, and recognition and classifying the likelihood of malignancy of any suspicious lesions.
       Algorithms are trained with a large database of biopsy-proven examples of normal, benign, and
       cancerous tissues.

ProstatIDTM
                                 Traditional 510(k) Summary
                                 ScanMed, LLC

      The software is not installed on the user’s MRI system, PACS system, workstation, or any device
       other than the cloud-based servers configured as a Software as a Service (SaaS) model.

       ProstatID offers the following functions which may be used during the concurrent interpretation:

            1.  Computer aided detection (CAD) presented as a colorized translucent overlay of the 2D
                axial T2 images to highlight locations where the device detected suspicious soft tissue
                 lesions.
            2. An appended post-processed T2W image set that can be viewed concurrently and linked
                three dimensionally via standard DICOM viewing with the original image set.
            3.  Decision Support is provided by the regional overlay scores on a continuous scale
              ranging from 0-1 with the higher scores indicating a higher level of suspicion (LOS).
            4. A suggested LOS or overall PI-RADS exam score.
            5. A CAD created 3D rendition of the suspect cancerous tissue within the transparent 3D
                prostate gland.
            6. A .PDF report summarizing the software results with 2D and 3D images indicating
               suspect cancerous regions if detected.
       Results of ProstatID are computed in a processing server which accepts prostate MRI exams in
     DICOM format as input, identifies the required axial image sets and processes them, deletes all
        others, and sends the output to append to the unique patient study destination using the DICOM
       protocol and format for post-processed images and reports. Use of the device is supported for
      images from the following MRI systems: Philips 1.5T, GE 1.5T, GE 3.0T, Philips 3.0T and
      Siemens 3.0T. Common destinations are medical workstations, PACS and RIS that utilize DICOM
      image transfer. ProstatID is offered as a virtual or SaaS application and runs on dedicated servers.
       Implementation requires secure VPN connection between client and SaaS server.

V.   INDICATIONS FOR USE
       ProstatIDTM is a radiological computer assisted detection (CADe) and diagnostic (CADx)
       software device for use in a healthcare facility or hospital to assist trained radiologists in the
        detection, assessment, and characterization of prostate abnormalities, including cancer lesions
       using MR image data with the following indications for use.

       ProstatID analyzes T2W, DWI and ADC MRI data. ProstatID does not include DCE images in
         its analysis.

       ProstatID software is intended for use as a concurrent reading aid for physicians interpreting
        prostate MRI exams of patients presented for high-risk screening or diagnostic imaging, from
       compatible MRI systems, to identify regions suspicious for prostate cancer and assess their
       likelihood of malignancy.


                                                       Page 2 of 10
                                                                                                ScanMed LLC
                                                                              TX009-R7 ProstatID 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                         Release Date: 23 June 2022

ProstatIDTM
                                  Traditional 510(k) Summary
                                  ScanMed, LLC

       Output of the device includes the volume of the prostate and locations, as well as the extent of
        suspect lesions, with index scores indicating the likelihood that cancer is present, as well as an
      exam score by way of PI-RADs interpretation suggestion. "Extent of suspect lesions" refers to both
        the assessment of the boundary of a particular abnormality, as well as identification of multiple
        abnormalities. In cases where multiple abnormalities are present, ProstatID can be used to assess
       each abnormality independently.

       Outputs of this device should be interpreted with all available MR data consistent with ACR
         clinical recommendations (e.g., dynamic contract enhanced images if available) in context of PIRADs v2, and in conjunction with bi-parametric MRI acquired with either surface or endorectal
     MRI accessory coils from compatible MRI systems. Analysis by ProstatID is not intended as a
        replacement for interpreting prostate abnormalities using MR image data consistent with clinical
       recommendations (including DCE); nor should patient management decisions be made solely
       based on ProstatID.

        Intended user population
        Intended users of ProstatID are physicians qualified to read and interpret prostate MRI exams
        consistent with ACR recommendations in the context of PI-RADS v2.

        Intended patient population
      The device is intended to be used in the population of biological males with a prostate gland
       undergoing screening or clinical MRI exams. This includes biological males of all ages with clinical
         indicators suggestive of possible prostate cancer or with family history of prostate cancer.

VI.   COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE
     PREDICATE DEVICE

       The Indications for Use statement for ProstatID (Section V) is similar but not identical to the
         predicate device; however, the differences do not alter the intended use of the device, nor do they
         affect the safety and effectiveness of the device relative to the predicate. Both the subject and
         predicate devices have the same intended use for the detection, assessment, and characterization
         of lesions suspicious of cancer by use of artificial intelligence algorithms synthesizing a single
        value index or score; whereby the algorithms have been trained with a large database of biopsyproven examples of normal, benign, and cancerous tissues.
       While the predicate device assists radiologists in the detection, assessment and characterization
         of breast abnormalities using Mammographic image data, ProstatID assists radiologists in the
         detection, assessment and characterization of prostate abnormalities using MR image data.
     A technical comparison of the predicate device and ProstatID is provided in Table 1 below.


                                                        Page 3 of 10
                                                                                                 ScanMed LLC
                                                                               TX009-R7 ProstatID 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                          Release Date: 23 June 2022

ProstatIDTM
                                   Traditional 510(k) Summary
                                   ScanMed, LLC

     Table 1: Technical comparison between the predicate device and ProstatID

                 Technological              Transpara    ProstatID    Rationale of no Change to
                                                                            Safety and                  Characteristic                                                                              Effectiveness

       Device is utilized to assist radiologists in        Yes          No             ProstatID is utilized to assist
       assessment of breast abnormalities using full-                                        radiologists in assessment of
         field digital mammography exams and digital                                     prostate abnormalities using MR
        breast tomosynthesis exam.                                              image data. Safety and
                                                                                           effectiveness are supported
                                                                                through performance assessments.

       Software automatically registers images.        Yes             Yes         Same

       Detects and marks locations suspicious of       Yes             Yes         Same with different marking
         lesions.

        Decision Support by region scores with higher   Yes             Yes             Similar with different scale
        scores indicating a higher level of suspicion

       Features are synthesized by an artificial         Yes             Yes          Same.
        intelligence algorithm into a single exam
        score.

       Device Neural Net was trained on a database    Yes          No             ProstatID was trained on a database
        of reference normal tissues and abnormalities                                  with reference normal tissues and
       with known ground truth.                                                       abnormalities with known ground
                                                                                                truths; however, the detection
                                                                                     algorithm uses Random Forest vs.
                                                                                  Neural Nets

     May be used as an image viewer.              Yes          No             ProstatID does not include a
                                                                                  standalone graphical user interface.
                                                                                        Rather, ProstatID outputs are in
                                                                DICOM format and may be viewed on
                                                                     DICOM- compliant image viewers.

VII.   PERFORMANCE DATA
      1.  Biocompatibility Testing: Not Applicable
      2.  Shelf Life/Sterility: Not Applicable
      3.  Electrical Safety and Electromagnetic Compatibility: Not Applicable
      4.  Magnetic Resonance Compatibility: Not Applicable
      5.  Software Verification and Validation Testing
          Verification and validation tests of ProstatID were performed to confirm the design requirements
         of the software. Design requirements, hazard mitigation requirements, and software tests were
         provided as recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the
         Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices,” dated May 11,

                                                         Page 4 of 10
                                                                                                  ScanMed LLC
                                                                                TX009-R7 ProstatID 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                           Release Date: 23 June 2022

ProstatIDTM
                              Traditional 510(k) Summary
                              ScanMed, LLC

    2005. It was determined that the Level of Concern was “Moderate.”

6.  Standalone Performance Assessment
  A standalone performance assessment was conducted on ProstatID in order to test the detection
   and assessment accuracy of the algorithm as recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and
  FDA Staff, “Computer Assisted Detection Devices Applied to Radiology Images and Radiology
   Device Data – Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submissions,” dated July 3, 2012. The assessment
   was conducted using a mix of 150 retrospective data (the same as used in the clinical study) set
    aside prior to algorithm development and training. This data represents a sampling of data from
    various MRI platforms, locations, and physician groups, and contains accurate 3-dimensional
    locations of targeted biopsy points with a mix of positive and negative biopsies that represents the
    approximate percentage of patients presenting with cancer as the larger population sampled.

    This study consisted of three tests to indicate how well the device would perform in terms of
    detection and diagnosis or classification of the probability of cancer by comparing the algorithm
    output to the ground truth biopsy data. These tests are summarized below.

      i. – Diagnostic Accuracy (Lesion-based ROC Analysis)
    Diagnostic performance was assessed using the area under the curve (AUC) of the receiver
    operating characteristic (ROC) curve when comparing the value of the ProstatID index at each of
    the 220 biopsy locations (90 cancerous, 130 non-cancerous) and 150 cases (44 Normal; hence no
    biopsies) compared to the true positive/true negative status of the biopsy result.

      ii.- Standalone Detection Performance (FROC Analysis)
   The performance of the algorithm to detect true positives was assessed using the free-response
  ROC (FROC) curve. The FROC analysis is a method for evaluating the performance of both
    detection and classification in a free-response system. In this case, the free-response system is the
    localization and classification of cancerous lesions in prostate MRI. A single case may have none,
    one, or multiple cancerous lesions. The FROC curve is a plot of sensitivity versus false positives
    per  patient. FROC analysis needs two main components for evaluation: a designation of
    “detection” and a measure of “confidence”. For ProstatID, the level of confidence at a particular
    point is the value of the ProstatID index at that point. Detections associated with a positive biopsy
   were classified as true positives. Detections that did not match a positive biopsy (i.e., a negative
    biopsy or a detection in normal tissue) were classified as false positives.

      iii. - Detection Performance (AFROC Analysis): CAD vs. Readers
   The performance of the algorithm to detect true positives was assessed using an alternative freeresponse ROC (AFROC) curve; and later compared to the average AFROC curve of the
    physicians participating in the clinical assessment (Section 7). The AFROC method of plotting is
    used so that both curves are between zero and one on the x-axis and compares the sensitivity to
    false positive fraction. Detections by ProstatID were matched to the truth table and their index
    value recorded. Detections that did not match the truth table were recorded as false positives.


                                                   Page 5 of 10
                                                                                            ScanMed LLC
                                                                          TX009-R7 ProstatID 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                    Release Date: 23 June 2022

ProstatIDTM
                              Traditional 510(k) Summary
                              ScanMed, LLC

   RESULTS

    Diagnostic Accuracy (Lesion-level ROC Analysis)
   The standalone ROC performance of ProstatID yielded an AUC of 0.710, showing that ProstatID
    has good performance on its own. The reader-averaged AUC from the MRMC experiment was
    comparatively 0.629 when not using ProstatID.

   Standalone Detection Accuracy (FROC Analysis)
    ProstatID demonstrated a detection performance with a sensitivity of 80% at a rate of one false
    positive per patient, increasing to 98% at the rate of 3 false positives per patient.

   Standalone Detection Accuracy (AFROC): CAD vs. Readers
  AFROC analysis utilizes the weighted alternate FROC (wAFROC) metric (θ), which is a measure
    of detection performance and is analogous to the area under the ROC curve. When compared to
    the readers’ unassisted read, ProstatID performed better at detecting and rating cancerous lesions
    (𝚫𝚫θ = +0.169). This difference in performance is statistically significant at the 5% level (p = 0.029).

7.  Clinical Performance Assessment and Results
  A clinical performance assessment was designed to test if the use of ProstatID led to a statistically
    significant improvement in performance over the current standard of care by its intended users.
   The assessment utilized a retrospective study design and included 150 patient cases, of which 130
   had complete follow-up and 20 were MRI-negative cases without complete follow-up. A group of
   9 trained physicians that were blinded to the results interpreted each case independently in two
    separate reads: first without ProstatID, and second with ProstatID. The impact of ProstatID on
    reader performance was estimated using a multiple reader, multiple case (MRMC) analysis, with
    both readers and cases considered as random variables.

   Primary Endpoint
   The primary endpoint of the clinical performance assessment was the expected difference in the
  AUC of the ROC curve between the first read (without ProstatID) and the second read (with
    ProstatID).
   The average AUCs for the unassisted read (without CAD) and the read with ProstatID (with CAD)
    are shown in Figure 1 and in Table 2 for the 130 cases with complete follow-up. The estimated
   improvement in the area under the ROC curve for rating true positive patients was 0.042. This
    result is statistically significant at the level α=0.05.


                                                   Page 6 of 10
                                                                                            ScanMed LLC
                                                                          TX009-R7 ProstatID 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                    Release Date: 23 June 2022

ProstatIDTM
                                     Traditional 510(k) Summary
                                    ScanMed, LLC


Figure 1: ROC curves averaged across readers for the unassisted read (without CAD) and the read with ProstatID (with CAD)


          Table 2: MRMC estimate of summary modality-specific trapezoidal area under the ROC curve (AUC).

                   Modality-Specific AUC      AUC      95% CI       p-value

              AUC1st Read (without CAD)             0.629       [0.549, 0.711]          -
             AUC2nd Read (with CAD)                0.671       [0.590, 0.752]          -
            𝚫𝚫AUC = AUC2nd Read - AUC1st Read      +0.042      [0.005, 0.080]     0.0291

        An analysis of the effect of false negatives on an experiment with the full 150-case set was also
           performed. Based on a separate experiment involving the consensus opinion of a panel of experts,
                 it was estimated that 0 to 3 cases out of the 20 MRI-negative cases without complete follow-up
          were potentially false negatives (negative predictive value of expert panel being 92% [85%, 98%]).
         The analysis of false negatives utilized simulation and bootstrapping to estimate the distribution of
           the t-statistic for a fixed false omission rate. The results of the analysis showed that the p-value of
           the experiment remains below 0.05 for negative predictive values as low as 80% or approximately
         4 false negatives out of 20 cases.


                                                           Page 7 of 10
                                                                                                    ScanMed LLC
                                                                                  TX009-R7 ProstatID 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                              Release Date: 23 June 2022

ProstatIDTM
                                     Traditional 510(k) Summary
                                    ScanMed, LLC

          Secondary Endpoint: Detection Accuracy (FROC Analysis)
         The secondary endpoint was to demonstrate the detection and classification ability of the software
            via improving the FROC curves of typical physicians interpreting prostate MRI using the
             localization method described above. The FROC curve’s analogue to the ROC AUC is the
           weighted alternative FROC (wAFROC) figure of merit, which more appropriately measures both
            the detection (location) and classification performance in the radiological study. This measurement
            also reflects the sensitivity versus the number of biopsies; hence is a measurement of unnecessary
            biopsies or those ordered for non- cancerous lesions.
         The overall average free-response ROC curves and performance metrics for the unassisted read
            (without CAD) and the read with ProstatID (with CAD) are shown in Figure 2 and Table 3 for
            the 130 cases with complete follow-up. The use of ProstatID yielded an increase in the figure of
            merit performance of 0.043. This increase is statistically significant at the level α=0.05.

Figure 2: Free-response ROC (FROC) curves averaged over readers for detecting cancerous lesions for the unassisted read
(without CAD) and the read with ProstatID (with CAD). The weighted alternative FROC (wAFROC) figure of merit (θ) is
listed for each method.


                                                            Page 8 of 10
                                                                                                    ScanMed LLC
                                                                                  TX009-R7 ProstatID 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                              Release Date: 23 June 2022

ProstatIDTM
                                     Traditional 510(k) Summary
                                    ScanMed, LLC


Table 3: Free-response ROC (FROC) results. The weighted alternative FROC (wAFROC) figure of merit (θ) is reported for
each method. P-values are reported for the test that the change in reader-averaged performance between methods (𝚫𝚫θ) is zero.

               Modality              θ [95% CI]             p-value (𝚫𝚫θ = 0)

                 without CAD            0.387 [0.252, 0.522]
                                                               0.034
                with CAD              0.430 [0.288, 0.572]

           Additional Analyses Summary
           Additional analyses were also conducted and are summarized here:
           •  Reduction of Unnecessary Biopsies: To test if the use of ProstatID would reduce the decisions to
               biopsy a benign outcome, a mixed effects analysis was used. Fixed effects were the true positive
                  state (outcome) and the use of ProstatID (modality). Random intercepts were included for each
                reader and each patient case. The response variable to predict was the decision to biopsy. Results
             showed that the model accuracy was 84.3%. The readers were 1.06 times more likely to biopsy a
              benign lesion when not using ProstatID, however, the interaction of using ProstatID was not
               considered significant (p = 0.590). The readers were 1.30 times more likely to biopsy a cancerous
                lesion when using ProstatID, however, the interaction of using ProstatID was only marginally
                 significant (p = 0.058).
           •   Individual Reader ROC Curves: Individual reader ROC curves were produced and analyzed
                 for each reader for each modality. These curves illustrated what has been extensively
                published: that inter-reader variability is significant and remains so with prostate MRI.
           •   Correlation of Age and PSA to PCa: To test if patient age and prostate-specific antigen (PSA)
                 levels were predictive of prostate cancer in the set of patients in the clinical study, age and PSA level
             were used as explanatory variables in a logistic regression model. Patient age at time of imaging was
            known for all patients, however, PSA levels were known for only 112 out of the 150 patients
               (74.7%). Results showed that age was significantly correlated with prostate cancer (p = 0.043) and
           PSA level was only marginally correlated with prostate cancer (p = 0.065). The logistic regression
             model was not a good predictor of outcome (accuracy 60.7%).

         8. Summary
           ProstatID met all pre-defined endpoints in the Clinical Performance Assessment. The results of the
           Standalone Performance Assessment and the Clinical Performance Assessment provide evidence for the
            safety and effectiveness of ProstatID when used in accordance with the indications for use. This safety
          and effectiveness profile is similar to that of the predicate device.


                                                            Page 9 of 10
                                                                                                    ScanMed LLC
                                                                                  TX009-R7 ProstatID 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                              Release Date: 23 June 2022

ProstatIDTM
                                 Traditional 510(k) Summary
                                 ScanMed, LLC

VIII. CONCLUSIONS

      The data presented in this 510(k) includes all required information to support the review of ProstatID
      by the FDA for a determination of substantial equivalence with the predicate device. The software
        verification and validation demonstrate that ProstatID should perform as intended in its specified use
       conditions. Standalone tests and a clinical reader study provide evidence for the safety and effectiveness
       of ProstatID and demonstrate that ProstatID performs comparably to the legally marketed predicate
       device.


                                                      Page 10 of 10
                                                                                                ScanMed LLC
                                                                              TX009-R7 ProstatID 510(k) Summary
                                                                                                         Release Date: 23 June 2022