May 10, 2022
Overjet, Inc.
℅ Adam Odeh
Regulatory Contact
560 Harrison Ave, Unit 403
BOSTON MA 02118


Re: K212519
    Trade/Device Name:  Overjet Caries Assist
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2070
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Analyzer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MYN
    Dated: April 6, 2022
    Received: April 7, 2022

Dear Mr. Adam Odeh:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for

K212519 – Adam Odeh                                                                Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                                                                            Digitally signed by
                                                                    Laurel M. Burk -S
                                                                  Date: 2022.05.10
                                                                   14:35:21 -04'00'

                                             Laurel Burk, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-ray Systems Team
                             DHT 8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                          and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K212519
Device Name
Overjet Caries Assist
Indications for Use (Describe)
The Overjet Caries Assist (OCA) is a radiological, automated, concurrent read, computer-assisted detection software
intended to aid in the detection and segmentation of caries on bitewing radiographs. The device provides additional
information for the dentist to use in their diagnosis of a tooth surface suspected of being carious. The device is not
intended as a replacement for a complete dentist's review or their clinical judgment that takes into account other relevant
information from the image, patient history, and actual in vivo clinical assessment.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

Overjet Inc. Overjet Caries Assist Software: K212519


   Section 4: 510(k) Summary (K212519)

   This summary of 510(k) information  is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of
  21CFR Part 807.92

        1.  Date Prepared: October 19, 2021

        2.  Applicant

            Overjet, Inc.
         560 Harrison Ave
           Unit 403
           Boston, MA 02118
           Contact Person: Adam N. Odeh
           Email: adam.odeh@overjet.ai

        3.  Trade Name
           Overjet Caries Assist

        4. Common Name
          Medical Imaging Analyzer

        5.  Classification
         21 CFR 892.2070, Product code MYN, Class 2, Radiology

        6.  Device Description

           Overjet Caries Assist (OCA) is a radiological automated concurrent read computer-assisted
            detection (CAD) software intended to aid in the detection and segmentation of caries on
           bitewing radiographs. The device provides additional information for the clinician to use in
             their diagnosis of a tooth surface suspected of being carious. The device is not intended as a
           replacement for a complete clinician's review or their clinical judgment that takes into account
           other relevant information from the image or patient history.

       OCA  is a software-only device which operates  in three layers – a Network Layer, a
           Presentation Layer, and a Decision Layer (as shown in the data flow diagram below). Images
            are pulled in from a clinic/dental office, and the Machine Learning model creates predictions
            in the Decision Layer and results are pushed to the dashboard, which are in the Presentation
           Layer.

         The  Machine  Learning  System  within  the  Decision  Layer  processes  bitewing
           radiographs and annotates suspected carious lesions. It is comprised of four
          modules:
          ●  Image Classifier - The model evaluates the incoming radiograph and predicts the
                image type between Bitewing and Periapical Radiograph. This classification is

Overjet Inc. Overjet Caries Assist Software: K212519


                 used  to support the data flow of the incoming radiograph. As part of the
                     classification of the image type any non-radiographs are classified as “junk” and
                   not processed. These include patient charting information, or other non-bitewing
                   or periapical radiographs. OCA shares classifier and Tooth Number modules
                  with the Overjet Dental Assist product cleared under K210187.

          ●  Tooth Number Assignment module – This module analyzes the processed image
                 and determines what tooth numbers are present and provides a pixel wise
                  segmentation mask for each tooth number.

          ●  Caries module – This module outputs a pixel wise segmentation mask of all
                   carious lesions using an ensemble of 3 U-Net based models. The shape and
                    location of every carious lesion is contained in this mask as the carious lesions’
                    predictions.

          ●  Post  Processing  - The  overlap  of  tooth masks from  the Tooth Number
                 Assignment Module and carious lesions from the Caries Module is used to assign
                     specific carious lesions to a specific tooth. The Image Post Processor module
                   annotates the original radiograph with the carious lesions’ predictions.


        7.  Indications for Use

         The  Overjet  Caries  Assist  (OCA)   is  a  radiological,  automated,  concurrent  read,
           computer-assisted detection software intended to aid in the detection and segmentation of
            caries on bitewing radiographs. The device provides additional information for the dentist to
           use in their diagnosis of a tooth surface suspected of being carious. The device is not intended
           as a replacement for a complete dentist's review or their clinical judgment that takes into
           account other relevant information from the image, patient history, and actual in vivo clinical
           assessment.

        8.  Intended Patient Population:

         The intended patient population of the device is patients that have permanent dentition, and
            are at least 18 years of age.

        9.  Warning and Limitations:

        ●  The safety and effectiveness of the system has not been established in patients with
              primary or mixed dentition.
        ●  The device should only be used by trained dentists.
        ●  Overjet Caries Assist system assists only in potential caries detection, not interpretation
                or diagnosis. It should not be relied on as the sole decision-making tool for diagnosis or
                treatment.
        ●  Only images from a supported dental radiograph system as defined in the manual can be

Overjet Inc. Overjet Caries Assist Software: K212519


                used.
        ●  The Overjet Dental Assist system is not intended for images smaller than 500 x 500
                 resolution. Overjet cannot guarantee the accuracy of results when Overjet Caries Assist is
              used on images of lower resolution.
        ●  The product is not 100% sensitive, and some caries will not be detected. This can delay
               necessary treatment.
        ●  Gross decay detection is not supported by Overjet Caries Assist, as the algorithm has
              been trained to detect caries within the tooth structure, rather than to detect a lack of tooth
                 structure as is often observed with severe decay.
        ●  Endodontic access may be mistaken by the product as caries, due to the similarities on the
                radiographs.
        ●  Overjet Caries Assist cannot detect carious lesions that are not visible to a dentist on
               bitewing radiographs (e.g., obstructed by radiopaque restorations).
        ●  The product has the potential for false positive or false negative outputs. This could result
                 in unnecessary treatment on rare occasions. Final clinical determination is the
                 responsibility of the treating clinician with the assessment of the actual patient's dentition
              and multiple clinical indicators of treatment unrelated to the prediction.
        ●  The dentist should use all appropriate clinical information to render a final clinical
                opinion, with radiographic interpretation being one component of the determination
                process.
        ●  The dentist is responsible for reviewing the segmentation accuracy prior to making
                diagnostic decisions, and for manually adjusting segmentation when deemed necessary.


       10. Predicate Device

          Device - Logicon Caries Detector
          Manufacturer - Carestream Dental
       PMA - P980025 (down-classified to Class II under 85 FR 3548, Jan. 22, 2020)

Overjet Inc. Overjet Caries Assist Software: K212519


         9. Substantial Equivalence


            Device                  Carestream                        Overjet Caries
                                     Logicon                                    Assist
                                    Caries Detector                           (proposed)

            510k                    P980025                        K212519


       Regulation No.     CFR 892.2070                 CFR 892.2070
             / Description       Medical image analyzer               Medical image analyzer

                         The Logicon Caries Detector is a     The Overjet Caries Assist (OCA) is a           Indications
                              software device that is an aid in the     radiological, automated, concurrent
                               diagnosis of caries that have            read, computer-assisted detection
                               penetrated into the dentin, on          software intended to aid in the
                               un-restored proximal surfaces of       detection and segmentation of caries
                            secondary dentition through the      on bitewing radiographs. The device
                                     statistical analysis of digital           provides additional information for
                                  intra-oral radiographic imagery. The   the dentist to use in their diagnosis of
                             device provides additional            a tooth surface suspected of being
                              information for the clinician to use     carious. The device is not intended as
                                 in his/her diagnosis of a tooth         a replacement for a complete dentist's
                               surface suspected of being carious.    review or their clinical judgment that
                                          It is designed to work in conjunction   takes into account other relevant
                             with an existing Carestream dental     information from the image, patient
                   RVG digital X-ray radiographic         history, and actual in vivo clinical
                            system with dental imaging           assessment.
                              software (dis) for Windows XP or
                                 higher.


        End User         Dentist                                  Dentist


                                Patients requiring dental services,        Patients requiring dental services,
      Patient Population                                      all sexes, no age restriction                 all sexes, at least 18 years of age,
                                                             and with permanent dentition.

           Platform       Windows PC                   Web - Edge, Chrome, Firefox

         OS           Microsoft Window 7, 8, 10          Any

        User Interface     Mouse, Keyboard                   Mouse, Keyboard, Trackpad

        Image Input
                          Images can be scanned, loaded         Images imported from the
           Sources
                          from connected Carestream image       radiographic device, or from the
                               solutions                                 practice management system, from
                                                                Carestream or Schick sensors

        Image format      Carestream                                jpg, png, eop, jif, dicom

Overjet Inc. Overjet Caries Assist Software: K212519


                         The software provides graphical        Three layers:       Processing
                                representation of the density change       - The Network layer works with the       Architectu
                                 in a tooth, by looking for a pattern       practice PACS or EMR to transmit           re
                               of density dips starting at the tooth       the image and meta-data to Overjet.
                                 surface, penetrating the enamel and       - The decision layer processes the
                            going into the dentin. Enamel is        image to ensure it is the correct data
                               represented by 10 green lines and        type, and then annotates it via the
                               dentin by 5 blue lines. If a pattern       algorithm
                              suggestive of caries exists, the dips        - The presentation layer displays the
                                are highlighted with red dots to          annotated image in a non-diagnostic
                          warn the dentist.                        viewer. The dentist can filter,
                                                                             display, hide, create and edit the
                                                                      annotations presented.

                                                                        Digital files of Bitewing radiographs        Data Source      Bitewing radiographs acquired
                                                        whose longer edge is greater than 500                          from Carestream dental RVG
                                                                        pixel resolution                                  digital X-ray radiographic
                           system

                     ●   Outline of suspected region         Caries detection and segmentation
          Output
                     ●   Tooth Density                  on radiograph resulting in outline of
                     ●   Lesion (caries) probability          suspected caries

        Performance
            Testing           Increase in dentist’s sensitivity of        Increase in dentist’s sensitivity of
                             approximately 20%                      greater than 15%

       Level of Concern
                                      Moderate                           Moderate


        Overjet Caries Assist is determined to be substantially equivalent to the Carestream Logicon
        Caries Detector approved in P980025 and later down-classified to Class II under 85 FR 3548,
        Jan. 22, 2020. Both systems are software intended to support dental professionals in their
        diagnosis and treatment planning for caries.


       Both software systems automatically annotate suspected carious lesions for the dentist to
        review. The Logicon software displays suspected carious lesions as dips in annotated lines
        within the radiograph, green lines for the enamel and blue lines for the dentin. The Overjet
        Caries Assist presents suspected carious lesions as segmented polygons outlining the
        prediction. Both systems allow users to visualize the radiograph with the annotations, add
         their own annotations, and use the information as part of their diagnostic process.


       Other similarities include both systems have no direct contact with the patient, both
       systems evaluate oral cavity radiographs, both systems utilize standard image types, and
       both systems connect to practice management systems. Logicon compatibility is limited
        to Carestream products

      Some differences between the systems include the location of the software, the user
         interface, and the availability of additional features. A primary difference is the Carestream

Overjet Inc. Overjet Caries Assist Software: K212519


       Logicon is a local software while Overjet Caries Assist is a cloud native application. While
       Logicon and Overjet Caries Assist have different user interfaces, both are accessed by
       computer and  are  intended  for  dental  professionals  to review annotations on dental
        radiographs. Overjet does not believe that the differences raise a concern of substantial
        equivalence and these differences do not interfere with the ability of the Overjet software to
        achieve its intended use.


       10. Performance Testing

           Overjet has conducted performance testing according to FDA’s “Guidance for Industry and
         Food and Drug Administration  Staff Computer-Assisted Detection Devices Applied  to
          Radiology Images and Radiology Device Data - Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submissions
         Document” issued on: July 3, 2012, as part of the development process of the caries model.
          Performance testing included standalone testing and a clinical reader evaluation. All testing
          demonstrated that the Overjet Caries Assist software met prespecified requirements.


          Standalone Testing

           Standalone performance of the Overjet AI algorithm for the 352 images is shown in the tables
           below. Sensitivity and specificity were summarized based on surfaces, and 95% CIs were
           provided based on treating the subject as the basis of a cluster. A total of 7,129 surfaces were
            available and included in the analysis.

            Sensitivity

           Overall standalone  sensitivity was 72.0% (62.9%, 81.1%). When broken down further,
             sensitivity was 74.4% (64.4%, 84.4%) for primary caries, and 62.5% (46.6%, 78.4%) for
          secondary caries.

            Specificity

           Overall standalone specificity was 98.1% (97.7%, 98.5%).

          Subgroup Analyses:

          Subgroup analyses were also performed for age, gender, and sensor, as well as by primary vs
          secondary classification, and associated restoration (for secondary caries).

Overjet Inc. Overjet Caries Assist Software: K212519


              Standalone Performance of Overjet AI Algorithm based on Surfaces
                                                       Ground Truth
                                   Overjet                   Caries         No Caries
                Assessment       AI                        Present             Present         Total (%)
                 Observed Counts    Caries Present           175 (2.5%)         131 (1.8%)       306 (4.3%)
                           No Caries               68 (1.0%)         6755 (94.8%)     6823 (95.7%)
                                         Total (%)               243 (3.4%)        6886 (96.6%)        7129


                  Diagnostic         Measure                   Estimate          95% CI1
                      Statistic              Sensitivity           72.0% (175/243)      62.9%, 81.1%
                                          Specificity          98.1% (6755/6886)     97.7%, 98.5%


                                            1 Confidence interval adjusted for multiple images and caries per subject based on clustered binary data
                  methodology.


          Lesion Segmentation:

          Dice coefficient analysis was performed to compare pixel-level metrics of each carious lesion
           with the lesion tracing provided by ground truthers. Dice scores were calculated only for true
            positives.

          For 66 images containing primary caries, the mean Dice score was 0.69 (0.66, 0.72) with a
           standard deviation of 0.122). For 30 images containing secondary caries, the mean Dice score
         was 0.75 (0.71, 0.79) with a standard deviation of 0.112.

          Thus, it is unlikely that the automatic lesion segmentation presents any new risks, and any
          such potential risks are mitigated by the fact that Overjet Caries Assist allows the dentist to
          modify the margins of any segmented lesions.


           Clinical Evaluation - Reader Improvement

           Overjet evaluated the Overjet Caries Assist  in a multi reader  fully crossed reader
          improvement study. 13 US licensed dentists were asked to evaluate 352 radiographs (104
           containing caries / 248 without caries). Ground truth was established by the consensus
            labels of three US licensed dentists, and non-consensus labels were adjudicated by a
           Dental Radiologist. Half of the data set contained unannotated images, and the second
            half contained radiographs  that had been processed through the OCA model. The
           radiographs were presented to the reader in alternating groups.


           In  Session  1, the readers were asked  to outline suspected  caries, and  to review
            predictions from the OCA model. Each reader was asked to provide a rating of 1-4 for
             their confidence in the label (1 low confidence, 4 high confidence). A 30-day washout
           period was utilized to limit recollection bias. Following the washout, the readers were
           presented the same data set but with alternate grouping. If a reader saw a radiograph in
            the unpredicted state in session 1, they were presented with the Overjet Caries Assist

Overjet Inc. Overjet Caries Assist Software: K212519


            predictions in session 2.


         The  results were compared against a consensus ground  truth, and the  sensitivity,
             specificity, and alternative free response receiver operating characteristic (AFROC) was
           evaluated to characterize the performance of the readers with and without viewing the
         model annotations.

           Unassisted vs Assisted Sensitivity:

           Overall reader sensitivity improved from 57.9% (48.9%, 66.0%) to 76.2% (68.4%,
          82.6%) unassisted vs assisted. For primary caries, reader sensitivity improved from
         60.5% (49.3%, 69.2%)  to 79.4% (71.0%, 85.9%). For secondary  caries,  reader
             sensitivity improved from 49.8% (39.5%, 60.6%) to 63.0% (52.0%, 74.8%).

           Unassisted vs Assisted Specificity:

           Overall reader specificity decreased slightly from 99.3% (99.1%, 99.5%) to 98.4%
          (94.5%, 98.8%) unassisted vs assisted.

          Subgroup Analyses:

          Subgroup analyses were performed  for age, gender, and sensor, primary vs secondary
             classification, and associated restoration (for secondary caries).

           Unassisted vs Assisted Dice Scores:

        As with standalone testing, Dice scores were calculated in comparison to ground truth for
           readers with and without Overjet Caries Assist.

          For primary caries, mean Dice scores improved from 0.67 unassisted (standard deviation
           0.012) to 0.69 assisted (SD 0.011). For secondary caries, mean Dice scores improved from
           0.65 unassisted (SD 0.017)  to 0.74  assisted (SD 0.017). These data suggest improved
           segmentation when  using  Overjet  Caries  Assist, though  results were  not  statistically
             significant.

       AFROC Scores:

          Readers provided confidence scores for any detected caries, which were used to calculate
       AUC for weighted AFROC scores. For the average of all readers, AUC increased from 0.593
            (0.686, 0.743) to 0.649 (0.744, 0.820), for an increase in AUC of 0.057 (0.039, 0.098)
           unassisted to assisted. This increase was statistically significant, with an overall p-value less
           than 0.001.

        Summary

Overjet Inc. Overjet Caries Assist Software: K212519


           Increases in overall AFROC numbers clearly demonstrate improvement in caries detection by
            dentists when aided by Overjet Caries Assist (0.057 increase). This aligns with the observed
           increase  in  sensitivity  for both primary and secondary  caries (18.9% improvement for
           primary; 13.2% improvement for secondary caries). When considered alongside the observed
           decrease in overall specificity, which was less than 1%, it is clear that Overjet Caries Assist
           demonstrates a clear benefit for caries detection.

            11. General Safety and Effectiveness Concerns

         The device labeling contains instructions for use and any necessary cautions and warnings to
           provide for safe and effective use of this device. Risk management was conducted according
            to ISO 14971 which ensured, via a risk analysis, the identification and mitigation of potential
           hazards. Any  potential  hazards were controlled via software development and design,
             verification, and validation testing. In addition, general and special controls of the FD&C Act
            established for Radiological Computer Assisted Detection and Diagnosis Software are in
           place to further mitigate any safety and or effectiveness risks.

           12. Assessment of Non-Clinical Performance Data

           Overjet Caries Assist has been verified and validated according to Overjet’s design control
            processes.  All  supporting documentation has been  included  in  this 510(k) Premarket
            Notification.  Verification  activity  included  unit,  integration, and system  level  testing.
           Validation  testing  included performing a  pivotal reader study  to compare the  clinical
          performance of dentists using CAD detections from the Overjet Caries Assist software when
           applied to dental radiographs to that of dentists not using Overjet Caries Assist.

           13. Conclusion

           Overjet Caries Assist is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, Carestream Logicon
           Caries Detector. Any differences do not raise any concerns about the safety or efficacy of the
            device.