Cedars-Sinai Medical Center
℅ Philip Won
Hyman, Phelps & McNamara, P.C.
700 Thirteenth Street NW, Suite 1200
WASHINGTON DC 20005


Re: K212758                                          May 19, 2023
    Trade/Device Name: Autoplaque 3.0
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: April 24, 2023
    Received: April 25, 2023

Dear Philip Won:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K212758 - Philip Won                                                                 Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                             DHT 8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices
                                          and Electronic Products
                             OHT 8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K212758

Device Name
Autoplaque 3.0


Indications for Use (Describe)
Autoplaque is intended to provide an optimized non-invasive application to analyze coronary anatomy and pathology and
aid in determining treatment paths from a set of Computed Tomography (CT) Angiographic images.

Autoplaque is a workstation-based post processing application. It is a non-invasive diagnostic reading software intended
for use by cardiologists and radiologists as an interactive tool for viewing and analyzing cardiac CT data for determining
the presence and extent of coronary plaques and luminal stenoses.

The software is not intended to replace the skill and judgment of a qualified medical practitioner and should only be used
by people who have been appropriately trained in the software's functions, capabilities and limitations. Users should be
aware that certain views make use of interpolated data. This is data that is created by the software based on the original
data set. Interpolated data may give the appearance of healthy tissue in situations where pathology that is near or smaller
than the scanning resolution may be present.

Autoplaque must be installed on a suitable commercial computer platform. It is the user’s responsibility to ensure the
monitor quality and ambient light conditions are consistent with the clinical applications.

Typical users of Autoplaque are trained medical professionals, including but not limited to radiologists, clinicians,
technologists, and others.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K212758

                            510(K) SUMMARY

                     Cedars-Sinai Medical Center’s Autoplaque 3.0


In accordance with 21 CFR § 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:

I.     Submitter

Cedars-Sinai Medical Center
8700 Beverly Blvd.
Los Angeles, CA 90048

Contact Person: Damini Dey, Ph.D.
Title: Director, Quantitative Image Analysis Program, Biomedical Imaging Research Institute
(BIRI), Department of Biomedical Sciences, Cedars Sinai Medical Center Cedars-Sinai Medical
Center
Phone: 310-423-1517
Fax: 310-423-8396

II.    Date of 510(k) Summary Preparation:

May 2, 2023

III.   Device

 Device Proprietary Name:   Autoplaque 3.0
 Common or Usual Name:   Image Processing System, Radiological
 Classification Name:       Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
                             Radiological Imaging Processing System
 Regulation Number:        21 CFR § 892.2050
 Product Code:            QIH, LLZ
 Device Classification          II

IV.    Predicate Device

Primary Predicate Device:

   •  Autoplaque add-on ORS Visual, K122429, Object Research Systems (ORS) Inc.


                                       1

K212758


V.    Device Description

Autoplaque 3.0, a stand-alone software, performs post-processing of coronary Computed
Tomography Angiography (CTA) images and measurements of components of images using
computerized algorithms.

Autoplaque 3.0 aids the physician with measurement of coronary artery stenosis and provides
measurements for coronary plaque and coronary artery remodeling. Autoplaque 3.0 does not
replace standard clinical practice or clinician decision making.

Autoplaque 3.0 allows for standardized characterization of plaque and stenosis from DICOM
image data (loaded from the local computer hard drive) and includes the following features:

   •  Review of heart and coronary vessels in Multiplanar Reformatting (MPR), curved MPR,
      and straightened MPR views;
   •  Measurement of vessel diameter and area;
   •   Characterization and measurement of plaque parameters; and
   •  Measurement of lumen diameter, area, and luminal stenosis.

Autoplaque 3.0 includes automated vessel, plaque and lumen segmentation, which is reviewed
and can be edited, if necessary, by the clinician.

Autoplaque 3.0 can run on Windows or Mac computer platforms. The minimum hardware
specifications are specified in the user manual.

VI.    Indications for Use

Autoplaque is intended to provide an optimized non-invasive application to analyze coronary
anatomy and pathology and aid in determining treatment paths from a set of Computed
Tomography (CT) Angiographic images.

Autoplaque is a workstation-based post processing application. It is a non-invasive diagnostic
reading software intended for use by cardiologists and radiologists as an interactive tool for
viewing and analyzing cardiac CT data for determining the presence and extent of coronary
plaques and luminal stenoses.

The software is not intended to replace the skill and judgment of a qualified medical practitioner
and should only be used by people who have been appropriately trained in the software's
functions, capabilities and limitations. Users should be aware that certain views make use of
interpolated data. This is data that is created by the software based on the original data set.
Interpolated data may give the appearance of healthy tissue in situations where pathology that is
near or smaller than the scanning resolution may be present.


                                       2

K212758


Autoplaque must be installed on a suitable commercial computer platform. It is the user’s
responsibility to ensure the monitor quality and ambient light conditions are consistent with the
clinical applications.

Typical users of Autoplaque are trained medical professionals, including but not limited to
radiologists, clinicians, technologists, and others.

VII.  Comparison of Technological Characteristics

Autoplaque 3.0 and the predicate device are identical with respect to intended use and
technological characteristics with the exception of the following:

   •  Compatibility of the subject device with Mac operating system (OS);
   •  Provision of the subject device as stand-alone software versus an add-on; and
   •  Deep learning-based vessel, plaque and lumen segmentation, which is reviewed and can
      be edited, if necessary, by the clinician.

The table below compares the key technological features between the subject and predicate
devices.

 Parameter                    Subject Device: Autoplaque 3.0     Predicate Device: Autoplaque add-on
                                      (K212758)                  ORS Visual
                                                                        (K122429)
 Computer operating system            Windows OS                   Windows OS only
                                 Mac OS
 Stand-alone software                     Yes                       No, ORS Visual add-on
 DICOM compliance               DICOM 3.1                        Same
 2D Imaging                 Review of coronary vessels in 2D                Same
                       MPR, curved MPR, and straightened
                                             view.
 2D Measurement            2D measurement tools of vessel                 Same
                                      diameter and contour
 3D Imaging                    Review of structures in 3D                   Same
 Maximum intensity           MIP with interactive control                  Same
 projection (MIP)
 Multiplanar reformatting      MPR with oblique slicing and                  Same
 (MPR)                                variable slab thickness

                                          Quantitative Measurements

 NCP volume: non-calcified                 Yes                           Same
 plaque volume
 CP volume: calcified plaque                Yes                           Same
 volume
 LD-NCP volume: low-                    Yes                           Same
 density noncalcified plaque
 volume
 Total plaque volume                      Yes                           Same
 Vessel volume                          Yes                           Same

                                       3

K212758


Parameter                    Subject Device: Autoplaque 3.0     Predicate Device: Autoplaque add-on
                                     (K212758)                  ORS Visual
                                                                       (K122429)
NCP burden: noncalcified                  Yes                           Same
plaque volume/analyzed
vessel volume
LD-NCP burden: low-                    Yes                           Same
density noncalcified plaque
volume/analyzed vessel
volume
CP burden: calcified plaque                Yes                           Same
volume/analyzed vessel
volume
Total plaque burden: total                  Yes                           Same
plaque volume/analyzed
vessel volume
Plaque composition NCP:                  Yes                           Same
Noncalcified plaque
composition (NCP volume
/total plaque volume)
Plaque composition CP:                   Yes                           Same
Calcified plaque composition
(CP volume/total plaque
volume)
Plaque composition LD-                   Yes                           Same
NCP: low-density
noncalcified plaque
composition (LD-NCP
volume/ NCP volume)
Diameter stenosis: maximal                Yes                           Same
diameter stenosis, with
respect to proximal and
distal references
QCAD: Maximal diameter                 Yes                           Same
stenosis, with respect to
proximal and distal
references
Remodeling index: ratio of                 Yes                           Same
maximum vessel
area/proximal and distal
references
Area stenosis: maximum                   Yes                           Same
area stenosis, with respect to
proximal and distal
references
Plaque length: diseased                    Yes                           Same
vessel length
Contrast density difference:                Yes                           Same
maximum difference in
contrast density over lesion
with respect to proximal
MLD: minimal luminal                    Yes                           Same
dimeter over lesion


                                      4

K212758


 Parameter                    Subject Device: Autoplaque 3.0     Predicate Device: Autoplaque add-on
                                      (K212758)                  ORS Visual
                                                                        (K122429)
 MLA: minimum luminal                   Yes                           Same
 area over lesion
 Vessel profile: Area,                      Yes                           Same
 maximum diameter,
 minimum diameter measured
 from selected vessel cross
 section
 Lumen profile: Area,                     Yes                           Same
 maximum diameter,
 minimum diameter measured
 from selected lumen cross
 section
 Vessel, plaque, and lumen     Deep learning based, validated with    Algorithm based, validated with ground
 segmentation                  ground truth by clinician expert      truth by clinician expert readers, with full
                                     readers, with full option to edit.                  option to edit.

Discussion: As shown above, there are slight technological differences between the subject and
predicate devices with respect to computer operating system, provision of the product as standalone software, and vessel, plaque, and lumen segmentation method; however, these differences
do not raise new questions of safety and effectiveness, and the differences are addressed through
software verification and validation as well as clinical performance studies.

VIII.  Performance Data

Software verification and validation were conducted on the subject device to demonstrate that
the subject device meets specifications and works as intended.

In addition, clinical validation studies were undertaken to verify and validate that Autoplaque 3.0
performs as intended. A summary of these studies is provided below.

1. Comparison with Expert Reader Measurements in a Multicenter US Patient Population

Performance data was collected on a data set of clinically indicated coronary computed
tomography angiography (CCTA) images from multiple U.S. sites. The patient population
consisted of 201 patients (53% men, 47% women) with a mean age of 60 ± 12 years. A total of
781 lesions from 201 patients were analyzed. Ethnicity available in 80 patients was as follows:
White alone (not Hispanic or Latino) 18%, Black 19%, Hispanic or Latino 61%, and
American Indian and Alaska native alone 1%. The CT scanners to collect images included
commercial CT scanners from Siemens, Philips and GE. Ground truthing was performed by a
board-certified imaging cardiologist. This study established concordance and agreement between
clinician expert reader and Autoplaque 3.0 measurements for total plaque volume, calcified
plaque volume, non-calcified plaque volume, and diameter stenosis using the acceptance criteria
of an intraclass correlation coefficient and correlation coefficient. An excellent agreement was


                                       5

K212758


shown between the subject device and expert reader measurements for total plaque volume,
noncalcified plaque volume, calcified plaque volume, and diameter stenosis.

2. Comparison with Expert Reader Measurements in a Non-US Patient Population

Performance data was collected on clinically indicated coronary computed tomography
angiography (CCTA) images from multiple non-U.S. external sites. The patient population
consisted of 175 patients (53% men, 47% women) with a mean age of age 56 ± 9 years. A total
of 1081 lesions from 175 patients were analyzed. The CT scanners to collect images included
commercial CT scanners from Siemens, Philips and Canon. Ground truthing was performed by
two cardiologists with one additional highly experienced radiologist to resolve discrepancies.
This study established concordance and agreement between clinician expert reader and
Autoplaque 3.0 measurements for total plaque volume, calcified plaque volume, non-calcified
plaque volume, and diameter stenosis using the acceptance criteria of an intraclass correlation
coefficient and correlation coefficient. An excellent agreement was shown between the subject
device and expert reader measurements for total plaque volume, noncalcified plaque volume,
calcified plaque volume, and diameter stenosis. In addition, the average per-patient plaque
analysis time was 5.7 seconds for the subject device versus 25-30 minutes taken by experts.

3. Comparative Study with the Predicate Device

To establish that the subject device provides clinical performance for total plaque volume,
calcified plaque volume, non-calcified plaque volume, and diameter stenosis that is substantially
equivalent to the predicate device, a total of 30 lesions (from 27 patients) throughout the
coronary artery tree were analyzed using both the subject and predicate devices. The patient
population were 60% men and 40% women with a mean of age 64.5 ± 10.1 years. The CT
scanner used to collect the images was a commercial Siemens CT scanner. There was an
excellent correlation between the subject and predicate devices for total plaque volume, noncalcified volume, calcified plaque volume, and diameter stenosis. These measurements also
demonstrated excellent intraclass correlation agreement. It took less than 2 seconds per lesion for
the subject device Autoplaque 3.0 to analyze, which was much faster than the predicate device
(30 seconds per lesion).

IX.   Conclusion

The information provided above supports that Autoplaque 3.0 is as safe and effective as the
predicate device. Although there are minor differences between the subject and predicate
devices, the differences are addressed through software verification and validation studies, and
performance testing. Therefore, it is concluded that Autoplaque 3.0 is substantially equivalent to
the predicate device.


                                       6