ClariPi Inc.                                                                    July 27, 2021
℅ Harry Park
President
ClariPi USA Inc.
1645 Park Creek Ct.
ROCHESTER HILLS MI 48309

Re: K212074
    Trade/Device Name: ClariCT.AI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: July 1, 2021
    Received: July 2, 2021

Dear Harry Park:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reporting-

K212074 - Harry Park                                                                 Page 2


combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K212074

Device Name
ClariCT.AI


Indications for Use (Describe)
ClariCT.AI is a software device intended for networking, communication, processing and enhancement of CT images in
DICOM format regardless of the manufacturer of CT scanner or model.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) number: K212074

                             510(k) Summary


This 510(k) Summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of as required by
section 807.92(c).

I.  SUBMITTER
         ClariPi Inc.
        3F, 70-15, Ihwajang-gil, Jongno-gu
        Seoul, Republic of Korea [03088]
         Tel: +82-2-741-3014
       Fax: +82-2-743-3014
        Email: claripi@claripi.com

       Contact person: Ms. Hyun-Sook Park, CEO
       Date Prepared: July 01, 2021

II.  DEVICE
     Name of Device: ClariCT.AI
     Common or Usual Name: Picture, archive and communications system
         Classification Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System (21 CFR
       892.2050)
       Regulatory Class: II
       Product Code: LLZ

III. PREDICATE DEVICE
        This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.
      The ClariCT.AI software device, addressed in this premarket notification, is substantially
        equivalent to the following commercially available software:


        Device Classification Name     Medical Image Management and Processing System

         510(k) Number              K183460

        Device Name                   ClariCT.AI
         Applicant                         ClariPi Inc.
                                        3F, 70-15, Ihwajang-gil, Jongno-gu
                                        Seoul, Korea, Republic of [03088]

         Regulation Number            892.2050

          Classification Product Code    LLZ

        Date Received                12/13/2018

         Decision Date                 06/13/2019

        510k Review Panel            Radiology


IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION
        ClariCT.AI software is intended for denoise processing and enhancement of CT DICOM
       images when higher image quality and/or lower dose acquisitions are desired. ClariCT.AI
        software can be used to reduce noises in CT images of the head, chest, heart, and
      abdomen, in particular in CT images with a lower radiation dose. ClariCT.AI may also


                                                                                     1

510(k) Summary


       improve the image quality of low-dose nondiagnostic Filtered Back Projection images as
        well as Iterative Reconstruction images.
      The predicate device is a software application to denoise on CT images, integrated with
        the clinical environment through DICOM communication on-premise, and runs under the
        Microsoft Windows platform.
      The subject device, ClariCT.AI, added a new module (named AI Marketplace Integration
       module) to the original cleared device (K183460) to enable installation on the AI
       Marketplace system. The module integrates the Denoising Processor of the original
        device into the AI Marketplace system. So ClariCT.AI can be hosted through a third-party
        AI marketplace that integrates centrally with PACS and seamlessly integrates into the
         existing IT and modality infrastructure.

V. INDICATIONS FOR USE
        ClariCT.AI is a software device intended for networking, communication, processing, and
       enhancement of CT images in DICOM format regardless of the manufacturer of CT scanner
        or model.

VI. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE TABLE
      The following information compares the subject device to the predicate. The difference is
         that the subject device can be integrated into the AI Marketplace system that distributes
       Docker images in a virtual machine running in a Linux environment. It has no effect on
        the safety or efficacy of the subject device and does not raise any potential safety risks,
       and the subject device is identical in performance to the legally marketed device.

                               Subject Device                    Predicate Device
            Item
                                   ClariCT.AI                      ClariCT.AI (K183460)
         Intended       ClariCT.AI, is a software device         ClariCT.AI, is a software device
       Use           intended for networking,               intended for networking,
                      communication, processing and       communication, processing and
                    enhancement of CT images in        enhancement of CT images in
                 DICOM format regardless of the     DICOM format regardless of the
                      manufacturer of CT scanner or        manufacturer of CT scanner or
                      model.                              model.
         Intended       Radiologists and specialists            Radiologists and specialists
        User
         Modality     CT                         CT
        Support
        Noise        Noise reduction is performed with the  Noise reduction is performed with the
        Reduction    use of pre-trained deep learning       use of pre-trained deep learning
                      models.                             models.        Method
        Image      DICOM                      DICOM
        Format
       Components  Window Operating System,          Window or Linux Operating System.
       And       PC Hardware, CUDA supported     PC Hardware supported graphics
        Hardware     graphics card or equivalent.           card or equivalent.
        Requirement


                                                                                     2

510(k) Summary


VII. PERFORMANCE DATA
    Non-clinical performance testing has been performed on ClariCT.AI, (the subject device) and
    demonstrates compliance with the following International and FDA-recognized consensus
    standards and FDA guidance document:
       • ISO 14971 Medical devices – Application of risk management to medical devices
       • NEMA-PS 3.1- PS 3.20 Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)
       • Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical
      Devices issued May 11, 2005.
       • Content of Premarket Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices
     Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff Document Issued on:
      October 2, 2014.
       • Design Considerations and Pre-market Submission Recommendations for Interoperable
      Medical Devices issued September 6, 2017.
       • The subject device was tested in accordance with the internal Verification and Validation
      processes of ClariPi Inc. Verification and Validation tests have been performed to address
      intended use, the technological characteristics claims, requirement specifications, and the
       risk management results.


   The test results in this 510(k), demonstrate that ClariCT.AI:
       • Complies with the aforementioned international and FDA-recognized consensus standards
     and
       • FDA guidance document, and
       • Meets the acceptance criteria and is adequate for its intended use.

    Therefore, ClariCT.AI, is substantially equivalent to the currently marketed predicate devices,
     in terms of safety and effectiveness.


    Clinical Testing:
    ClariCT.AI does not require clinical studies to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the
    predicate devices.


VIII CONCLUSIONS
    Verification and Validation activities required to establish the safety and effectiveness of
    ClariCT.AI were performed. Testing involved system-level tests, performance tests, and
    safety tests from risk analysis. These tests demonstrated the subject device meets predefined functionality requirements.

   The subject device and predicate devices are substantially equivalent in the areas of
    technical characteristics, general function, application, and intended use. Test results with the
    substantial datasets demonstrate that the subject device is as safe and effective as the
    predicate devices. Therefore, the subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate
    devices.


                                                                                     3