April 8, 2022

Carina Medical LLC
℅ Xue Feng
Chief Executive Officer
1233 Litchfield Ln
Lexington, KY 40513


Re: K212274
    Trade/Device Name: INT Contour
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.5050
    Regulation Name: Medical Charged-Particle Radiation Therapy System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MUJ, QKB
    Dated: July 20, 2021
    Received: July 20, 2021

Dear Xue Feng:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K212274 - Xue Feng                                                                  Page 2


803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                                  Julie Sullivan -S

                                                    Julie Sullivan, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                           Nuclear Medicine and Radiation Therapy
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological
                                            Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center For Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                            Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use
510(k) Number  (if known)
K212274

Device Name
INTContour


Indications for Use (Describe)
INTContour provides a machine learning-based approach for the automatic segmentation of structures including treatment
targets and organs  at risk to support the radiation therapy treatment planning process. INTContour is intended as an initial
method to segment and contour study series; therefore, this software must be used in conjunction with an appropriate
software to edit the segmentation results if necessary. It is not intended to replace a thorough review by qualified medical
professionals. INTContour is developed for use by dosimetrists, medical physicists, and radiation oncologists. The
currently supported anatomical regions for automatic segmentation are head and neck, thorax, abdomen, and male pelvis.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)     E  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                       This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
         The burden time for this collection of information  is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                        Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                   information unless  it displays a currently valid OMB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (6120)                              Page  1 of 1                                                         PSC Publishing Serces (SO) 443-6740   EE

K212274

                                                                               Innovative and Intelligent


                                   Summary 510(k)


            1. Applicant:

                 Carina Medical LLC

               1233 Lichfield Ln

                  Lexington, KY, 40513

            USA

                 Contact Name: Xue Feng – Chief Executive Officer

                Phone: 434-284-1073

                 Fax: 855-615-2856

                   E-mail: xfeng@carinaai.com


            2. Device:

                Trade Name: INTContour

            Common Name: Intelligent Organ Contouring System

               Model Number: v1.0

                 Product Code: MUJ

                 Regulation Description: Medical charged-particle radiation therapy system

                 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.5050

                Device Class: II


            3. Predicate Devices:

                Trade Name: Smart Segmentation – Knowledge Based Contouring


          info@carinaai.com             +1 434-284-1073               https://www.carinaai.com/

Innovative and Intelligent


       Manufacturer: Varian Medical Systems, Inc.

       Address: 3100 Hansen Way, Palo Alto, CA, 94303

       Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.5050

       Regulation Name: Medical charged-particle radiation therapy system

      Device Class: II

       Product Code: MUJ

       510(k) Number: K141248

       510(k) Clearance Date: 09/05/2014


4. Reference Device:

      Trade Name: AccuContour

       Manufacturer: Xiamen Manteia Technology LTD.

       Address: 1903, B Tower, Zijin Plaza, No.1811 Huandao East Road, Xiamen, China

       Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050

       Regulation Name: Picture archiving and communications system

      Device Class: II

       Product Code: QKB

       510(k) Number: K191928

       510(k) Clearance Date: 02/28/2020


5. Device Description

INTContour is a software-only product that uses a machine learning-based approach to perform

automatic segmentation of structures in medical images, coupled with tools for visualizing the

segmentation results. A library of previously contoured expert cases serves as inputs to train the

machine learning algorithms, specifically, convolutional neural networks (CNNs), to perform


info@carinaai.com             +1 434-284-1073               https://www.carinaai.com/

Innovative and Intelligent


automatic segmentation. The results of the automatic segmentation will be stored in the DICOM

Radiotherapy Structure Set (RTSTRUCT) format, which can be sent to desired destinations via

the DICOM protocol.


INTContour is intended to be used by dosimetrists, medical physicists, and radiation

oncologists, and serves as an initial method to segment and contour study series. It must be

used in conjunction with appropriate software to edit the segmentation results if necessary. The

currently supported anatomical regions for automatic segmentation are head and neck, thorax,

abdomen, and male pelvis. The supported structures for each region are shown below in

section 10.


INTContour software is intended to be deployed within a hospital’s private network on a

workstation with an advanced graphics processing unit (GPU) and runs as a service. A webbased interface is used to access the service and manage the transfer of data, automatic

segmentation, and visualization.


6. Intended Use Statement

INTContour provides a machine learning-based approach for automatic segmentation of

structures including treatment targets and organs at risk to support the radiation therapy

treatment planning process.


7. Indications for Use Statement

INTContour provides a machine learning-based approach for the automatic segmentation of

structures including treatment targets and organs at risk to support the radiation therapy

treatment planning process. INTContour is intended as an initial method to segment and

contour study series; therefore, this software must be used in conjunction with an appropriate

software to edit the segmentation results if necessary. It is not intended to replace a thorough

review by qualified medical professionals. INTContour is developed for use by dosimetrists,

medical physicists, and radiation oncologists. The currently supported anatomical regions for


info@carinaai.com             +1 434-284-1073               https://www.carinaai.com/

Innovative and Intelligent


automatic segmentation are head and neck, thorax, abdomen, and male pelvis. The supported

structures for each region are shown below in Section 10.


8. Summary of Technological Characteristics Comparison

Table 1 shows the similarities and differences between the technological characteristics of the

two products. The key difference is the detailed implementation of the automated segmentation

algorithms. Testing demonstrates that the differences do not raise new questions of safety or

effectiveness.


            Table 1. Summary of Technological Characteristic Comparison

Topic          Predicate Device                  Subject Device

Physical        Software package that operates on    Software package that operates on a

Characteristics   off-the-shelf hardware                    virtual machine within the off-the-shelf

                                                 hardware

Computer     PC Compatible                Same

Operating      Windows                         Ubuntu (18.04 & 20.04)

System

DICOM Standard The software processes DICOM     Same

Compliance     compliant image data, including

            RTSTRUCT

Modalities     CT & MRI                    Same

User Interface   The software is designed for use on a The software is designed for use on a

                 radiotherapy workstation with a native radiotherapy workstation with a webuser interface.                    based user interface

Segmentation   Organs at risk and target volumes    Same

Structures


info@carinaai.com             +1 434-284-1073               https://www.carinaai.com/

Innovative and Intelligent


Overall         Model-based approach using a library Same

Segmentation    of expert contours

Method

Detailed        Smart Segmentation – knowledge-    INTContour used a machine learningImplementation  based contouring used an atlas-based based method to train CNNs from

of Segmentation method to deform expert contours to   expert contours to perform

Algorithm        the target images to generate contours segmentation on the target images to

                                                   generate contours

Support of      Yes                        No

Manual Editing

Provide Expert  Yes                        No

Case Library to

Users


9. Performance Data

The safety and performance of INTContour has been evaluated and verified in accordance with

software specifications and applicable performance standards through software verification and

validation testing. Non-clinical verification and validation test results, including model

performance and software usability, established that the device meets its design requirements

and intended use, that it is as safe and as effective as the predicate devices, and that no new

issues of safety and effectiveness were raised.


Testing data was acquired from multiple sources than the training data that covers head and

neck, thorax, abdomen, and male pelvis regions. The cases were selected from patients who

went through radiation treatment with age 18 – 76, both male and female and various types of

cancers. Ground truth was performed by at least two trained personnel including dosimetrist,

medical physicist and/or radiation oncologist to minimize human bias in segmentation.


info@carinaai.com             +1 434-284-1073               https://www.carinaai.com/

Innovative and Intelligent


Further, during the development, potential hazards were controlled by a risk management plan

including risk analysis, risk mitigation, verification and validation.


10. Results

The Dice metric and 95% Hausdorff Distance (HD95) were calculated for each organ. Statistical

analysis on the test data was performed by comparing the calculated metrics of INTContour

against the predicate/reference device. Dice metric was used for large organs and HD95 was

used for small organs to define the acceptance criteria due to the large variations on Dice metric

on small organs. By comparing the lower bound (Dice) or upper bound (HD95) of the

performance differences between INTContour and the predicate/reference device with the

threshold values, all organs have passed the acceptance criteria and demonstrated the noninferiority against the predicate/reference device.

The table below shows the list of all supported organs:


          Head and Neck                Thorax        Abdomen        Male Pelvis


 Brainstem            Pituitary            SpinalCanal        Spleen             Bladder


 OpticChiasm       InnerEar_L        Lung_R           Kidney_R         Femur_Head_L


 Bone_Mandible     InnerEar_R        Lung_L            Kidney_L         Femur_Head_R


 OpticNrv_L        Lens_L             Heart               Gallbladder         PenileBulb


 OpticNrv_R       Lens_R           Esophagus        Esophagus          Prostate


 Parotid_L         Lobe_Temporal_L  Trachea             Liver               SeminalVesicle


 Parotid_R         Lobe_Temporal_R  BronchialTree      Stomach          Rectum


 Glnd_Submand_L   Larynx             SpinalCord         A_Aorta


 Glnd_Submand_R  Cavity_Oral                         V_Venacava_I


 Eye_L             Pharynx                                 PortalVein


info@carinaai.com             +1 434-284-1073               https://www.carinaai.com/

Innovative and Intelligent


 Eye_R              Brain                               Pancreas


 MidEar_L          Cochlea_L                           AdrenalGland_R


 MidEar_R         Cochlea_R                           AdrenalGland_L


 Joint_TM_L        Glnd_Lacrimal_L                       SplenicVein


 Joint_TM_R        Glnd_Lacrimal_R


 BrachialPlex_L      BrachialPlex_R


11. Substantial Equivalence Conclusion

INTContour is an automatic segmentation software to support the radiation treatment planning

process which has similar intended use and indications for use statement as the predicate

device. The two devices have similar technological characteristics: both algorithms rely on a

library of expert contours and use model-based approach to generate contours on new images.

This 510(k) submission includes information on the INTContour technological characteristics, as

well as performance data and verification and validation activities demonstrating that

INTContour is as safe and effective as the predicate, and does not raise different questions of

safety and effectiveness.


info@carinaai.com             +1 434-284-1073               https://www.carinaai.com/