December 3, 2021

Fifth Eye Inc.
℅ Donna-Bea Tillman
Senior Consultant
Biologics Consulting Group
1555 King Street, Suite 300
Alexandria, Virginia 22314


Re: K212219
    Trade/Device Name: AHI System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2220
    Regulation Name: Adjunctive hemodynamic indicator with decision point
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QNV, QNL
    Dated: November 3, 2021
    Received: November 4, 2021

Dear Donna-Bea Tillman:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K212219 - Donna-Bea Tillman                                                          Page 2


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                         Robert T. Kazmierski -S
                                              for
                             LCDR Stephen Browning
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                 Diagnostics, and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K212219
Device Name
AHI System
Indications for Use (Describe)
The AHI System is intended for use by healthcare professionals managing patients 18 years or older who are receiving
continuous physiological monitoring with electrocardiography (ECG) in hospitals.
AHI provides a frequently updated binary output over time based on pattern analysis of a lead-Il ECG waveform intended
to describe a patient's hemodynamic status and indicate if a patient is showing signs of hemodynamic stability or
instability. Signs of hemodynamic instability (HI) are defined as hypotension (systolic blood pressure <90 mmHg or mean
arterial pressure (MAP) <70 mmHg) combined with tachycardia (heart rate > 100 bpm).
AHI-PI provides the clinician with physiological insight into a patient’s likelihood of a future episode of HI. An episode
of HI is defined as 10 continuous minutes or more where HI is present.
The goal of this adjunctive monitoring method is to enable identification of patients who are showing HI or are likely to
experience a future episode of HI, and to allow clinicians an opportunity to increase vigilance. This device is intended for
adjunctive use with other physical vital sign parameters and patient information and is not intended to independently
direct therapy.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Summary K212219                                                  Page 1 of 7


In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87(h) and 21 CFR 807.92 the 510(k) Summary for the AHI
System is provided below.


1.     SUBMITTER
Applicant:                      Fifth Eye Inc.
                          110 Miller Avenue, Suite 300
                      Ann Arbor, MI 48104


Contact:                     Jen Baird
                             Chief Executive Officer
                                 Fifth Eye Inc.
                            734.260.4800
                             jbaird@fiftheye.com


Submission Correspondent:   Donna-Bea Tillman, Ph.D.
                             Senior Consultant
                              Biologics Consulting
                          1555 King St, Suite 300
                              Alexandria, VA 22314
                            410.531.6542
                             dtillman@biologicsconsulting.com


Date Prepared:             November 2, 2021


2.     DEVICE
Device Trade Name:       AHI System
Device Common Name:      Hemodynamic Indicator
Classification Name         21 CFR 870.2220 Adjunctive Hemodynamic
                                Indicator with Decision Point
Regulatory Class:                 II
Primary Product Code:     QNV
Subsequent Product Code:   QNL


3.     PREDICATE DEVICE
Predicate Device:             Analytic for Hemodynamic Instability (AHI) - DEN200022
Secondary Predicate Device:  CLEWICU System (ClewICUServer And ClewICUnitor) –
                        K200717

510(k) Summary K212219                                                  Page 2 of 7

4.     DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The AHI System is a multiparameter system designed to meet clinicians’ need to identify patient
hemodynamic status and predict patient hemodynamic instability episodes using two analytics:
1.  Analytic for Hemodynamic Instability (AHI) (as granted in DEN200022): Utilizing data
from a single existing lead of a non-invasive electrocardiograph (ECG), AHI analyzes heart rate
variability (HRV) and ECG morphology features to rapidly detect signs of hemodynamic
stability or instability and categorize each window of data as either “AHI Stable” or “AHI
Unstable.” Time trending of AHI outputs is also provided.
2.  Analytic for Hemodynamic Instability Predictive Indicator (AHI-PI): Utilizing AHI outputs
from up to the most recent 30 minutes of ECG data, AHI-PI indicates the likelihood of a future
episode of hemodynamic instability, defined as ten continuous minutes or more where signs of
hemodynamic instability are present.


5.     INTENDED USE/INDICATIONS FOR USE

The AHI System is intended for use by healthcare professionals managing patients 18 years or
older who are receiving continuous physiological monitoring with electrocardiography (ECG) in
hospitals.

AHI provides a frequently updated binary output over time based on pattern analysis of a lead-II
ECG waveform intended to describe a patient's hemodynamic status and indicate if a patient is
showing signs of hemodynamic stability or instability. Signs of hemodynamic instability (HI) are
defined as hypotension (systolic blood pressure <90 mmHg or mean arterial pressure (MAP) <70
mmHg) combined with tachycardia (heart rate ≥ 100 bpm).

AHI-PI provides the clinician with physiological insight into a patient’s likelihood of a future
episode of HI. An episode of HI is defined as 10 continuous minutes or more where HI is
present.

The goal of this adjunctive monitoring method is to enable identification of patients who are
showing HI or are likely to experience a future episode of HI, and to allow clinicians an
opportunity to increase vigilance. This device is intended for adjunctive use with other physical
vital sign parameters and patient information and is not intended to independently direct therapy.


6.     SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE

Comparison of Indications

The subject device and both of the predicate devices are all software decision support systems
that receive patient data, process it, and display calculated insights into patient hemodynamic and
cardiovascular status to support meaningful clinical decisions.
The subject and both predicate devices are all prescription devices intended for use by healthcare
professionals. They are intended for use in adult patients 18 years and older and are intended for
adjunctive use with other monitoring and patient information and are not intended to

510(k) Summary K212219                                                  Page 3 of 7

independently direct therapy. The subject device and primary predicate device are both intended
for use on patients in hospitalized settings who are receiving continuous physiological
monitoring with electrocardiography (ECG). The subject device and secondary predicate device
both are intended to provide physiological insight into a patient’s likelihood of future
hemodynamic instability.

Technological Comparisons

The table below compares the key technological feature of the subject devices to the predicate
devices.

Table 1:       Technological Comparison

            AHI System             Primary Predicate        Secondary Predicate

 510(k)                            DEN200022             K200717
 Number

 Applicant      Fifth Eye Inc.                Fifth Eye Inc.         CLEW Medical Ltd.

 Device Name  AHI System                Analytic for           CLEWICU System
                                    Hemodynamic Instability    (ClewICUServer And
                                       (AHI)                    ClewICUnitor)

 Classification  860.2220. Adjunctive       860.2220. Adjunctive       870.2210. Medium-Term
 Regulation    Hemodynamic Indicator    Hemodynamic Indicator     Adjunctive Predictive
               With Decision Point       With Decision Point         Cardiovascular Indicator


                870.2210. Medium-Term
                Adjunctive Predictive
                 Cardiovascular Indicator


 Product     QNV, QNL          QNV              QNL
 Code

 Type of        Software-as-a-medical-      Software-as-a-medical-      Software-as-a-medicalDevice         device                     device                     device

 Timing of      Near-real-time patient       Near-real-time patient       Near-real-time patient
 Analytic        health data                  health data                  health data
 Inputs

 Analytic        Inputs are based on signals  Inputs are based on signals   Inputs are based on signals
 Inputs         received from FDA-         received from FDA-         received from FDAcleared patient monitoring   cleared patient monitoring   cleared patient monitoring
                 systems, specifically:        systems, specifically:       systems and other values
                For AHI: ECG-II         ECG-II                      stored in the electronic
                                                                            health record (EHR)
                For AHI-PI: AHI Outputs
                                                                       system, specifically:
                                                   Up to 80 EHR inputs
                                                                          including vital signs,
                                                                        nursing assessments,

510(k) Summary K212219                                                  Page 4 of 7


            AHI System             Primary Predicate        Secondary Predicate
                                                                        flowsheet data,
                                                                         medications, and lab data

 Technical     Uses analysis of patient     Uses pattern analysis of     Combines patient data
 Method        data (ECG-II) to detect       patient data (ECG-II) to      collected from patient
                  current signs of a            detect current signs of a     monitors and/or electronic
              hemodynamic condition    hemodynamic condition     health records to produce a
               (AHI) and combines                                       single value that estimates
                   patient data from patient                                  the likelihood of a future
                monitors to produce a                                  adverse cardiovascular
                  single value (AHI-PI) that                              event or condition using
                  estimates the likelihood of                          two models, a high risk
                a future adverse                                   model and a low risk
                  cardiovascular event or                               model.
                 condition from a single
               model mathematically
                 derived from AHI inputs.

 Analytic      AHI: A frequently updated  AHI: A frequently updated   Single CLEWICU
 Outputs        binary output over time      binary output over time      indicator that estimates the
                                                                            likelihood of a future
                AHI-PI: A single indicator                              adverse cardiovascular
                   that estimates the                                       event (hemodynamic
                  likelihood of a future                                          instability)
                 adverse cardiovascular
                 event (hemodynamic
                    instability episode)

 Visual Alerts  AHI: Signs of            AHI: Signs of          CLEWICU: Risk of
              hemodynamic status       hemodynamic status       hemodynamic instability
                provided by red and green   provided by red and green   provided by red, yellow,
                 color-coded indicators       color-coded indicators      and green color-coded
                                                                              indicators

                AHI-PI: Risk of future
              hemodynamic episode
                provided by red, yellow,
               and green color-coded
                  indicators

In conclusion, the differences in the intended use and technological characteristics do not raise
new questions of safety and effectiveness. Based on the detailed comparison between the
predicate devices and the subject device, the performance testing, and conformance with
applicable standards, the AHI System can be found substantially equivalent to the predicate
devices.

510(k) Summary K212219                                                  Page 5 of 7

7.    PERFORMANCE DATA

Biocompatibility Testing

The AHI System is a software only device. There are no direct or indirect patient-contacting
components of the subject device; therefore, patient contact information is not needed for this
device.

Electrical safety and electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)

Not applicable. The AHI System is a software-only device.  It contains no electric components,
generates no electrical emissions, and uses no electrical energy of any type.

Software Verification and Validation Testing

Software verification and validation testing were conducted and documentation was provided as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The software for this
device was considered as a moderate level of concern. Testing was conducted to ensure the AHI
System works as designed.

Bench Testing

Fifth Eye conducted a summative usability study according to the FDA’s guidance on Applying
Human Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical Devices. Fifth Eye recruited 30 users to
participate in the study. The results of the human factors validation study were positive and
demonstrated that mitigations addressing use-related risk made during device development were
effective.

Animal Testing

Not applicable. Animal studies are not necessary to establish the substantial equivalence of this
device.

Clinical Data

The clinical data to support AHI was provided in DEN200022. There have been no changes to
AHI since that submission.
To validate that AHI-PI predicts a patient’s likelihood of a future hemodynamic instability
episode, defined as 10 continuous minutes or more where signs of hemodynamic instability are
present, we compared AHI-PI outputs to episodes of hemodynamic instability as observed using
a hemodynamic vital signs reference standard – Hypotension (systolic blood pressure <90mmHg
or mean arterial pressure (MAP) <70 mmHg) combined with tachycardia (heart rate ≥100 bpm).

The targeted patient population for the AHI System is hospitalized patients 18 years or older who
are receiving continuous physiological monitoring with electrocardiography (ECG) and are not
contraindicated. While ideally the clinical study would reflect the full spectrum of levels of care
for ECG-monitored patients, study design considerations required limiting the primary study
population to only patients who were invasively monitored with an arterial line. Therefore,

510(k) Summary K212219                                                  Page 6 of 7

beginning at the study start date, data were prospectively collected from consecutive patients in
equipped beds (those that could store continuous measures of ECG, arterial line numeric data,
and other vital signs) at Michigan Medicine.

As requested by FDA, and using bootstrapping to account for multiple measurements per
subject, Fifth Eye has demonstrated that AHI-PI can distinguish the risk of developing
hemodynamic instability for patients in different risk groups, i.e., those that are at low risk
(green), moderate risk (yellow), and high risk (red).

Table 2:       Probability estimates of the occurrence of an episode of hemodynamic instability in
               the prediction window for each of the AHI-PI indicators (Study Population).

 AHI-PI Indicator      Windows in       Probability of an Episode of     Likelihood Ratio
                      Primary Analysis Hemodynamic Instability in
                         Set (total 65,969   the next 1 hour measured
                       windows) n (%)    using continuous vital signs [1]
                             [2]               (Observed [95% confidence
                                                    interval])

 AHI-PI Low Risk                                              N/A
 Indicator                     43,443                0.7%
 (Green)                     (65.8%)                [0.4%, 1.3%]

 AHI-PI Moderate Risk                                        An AHI-PI Moderate Risk
 Indicator (Yellow)                                                                 indication is 9x more likely to
                              4,999                6.5%              have an episode of
                             (7.6%)                [3.7%, 10.3%]         hemodynamic instability in the
                                                                              next 1 hour than an AHI-PI
                                                       Low Risk Indicator.

 AHI-PI High Risk                                           An AHI-PI High Risk
 Indicator (Red)                                                                     indication is 51x more likely
                             17,527                35.9%                to have an episode of
                            (26.6%)              [28.1%, 44.0%]         hemodynamic instability in the
                                                                              next 1 hour than an AHI-PI
                                                       Low Risk Indicator.


[1] The unit of analysis here is at the windows level and not the patient level.

[2] Windows included in the analysis total 65,969 to ensure that a full one hour is available for each AHI-PI in order to determine
whether an episode of hemodynamic instability is present or not.

As seen in Table 2, with the prevalence of 10.5% seen in the Primary Analysis Set population
using the continuous vital signs reference standard, the probability of an episode of
hemodynamic instability in the next 1 hour measured using continuous vital signs was 0.7%,
6.5%, and 35.9% for green, yellow, and red AHI-PI indicators respectively. An AHI-PI High
Risk (red) indication is 51 times more likely and an AHI-PI Moderate Risk (yellow) indication is
9 times more likely to have an episode of hemodynamic instability in the next hour as compared
to an AHI-PI Low Risk (green) indication. Thus, the risk predication and likelihood performance
data show significant discrimination between the risk of future hemodynamic instability events
between the different AHI-PI indications, demonstrating a clinical benefit by providing

510(k) Summary K212219                                                  Page 7 of 7

adjunctive information to the clinician to facilitate fewer missed diagnoses of emerging
hemodynamic instability/patient deterioration.
The other relevant metric is lead time. Of those patients who had an episode of hemodynamic
instability, AHI-PI High Risk predicted patient deterioration in 89% of cases. The median lead
time was calculated as 48 minutes. Although this lead time is less that the 3 hours reported for
CLEWICU, it still provides an advance warning to clinicians that the patient is at risk of future
hemodynamic instability. The differences in the performance do not impact the safety or
effectiveness, as neither device is intended to be the sole factor upon which a patient’s clinical
care is based.


8.     CONCLUSION

The subject AHI System and the predicate devices have equivalent intended uses. The
differences in technological characteristics do not raise different questions of safety and
effectiveness, and the results of software verification, human factors and clinical validation
demonstrate that the subject device performs in accordance with specifications and meets user
needs and intended uses. Therefore, the AHI System has been demonstrated to be substantially
equivalent to the predicate devices.