Philips Ultrasound, Inc.                                             September 24, 2021
℅ Prithul Bom
Most Responsible Person
Regulatory Technology Services, LLC
1000 Westgate Drive, Suite 510k
SAINT PAUL MN 55114

Re: K212704
    Trade/Device Name: Philips EPIQ Diagnostic Ultrasound System, Philips Affiniti Diagnostic
                        Ultrasound System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1550
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic pulsed doppler imaging system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: IYN, IYO, ITX, OBJ, QIH
    Dated: August 25, 2021
    Received: August 26, 2021

Dear Prithul Bom:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K212704 - Prithul Bom                                                                Page 2


801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                           For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                              Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)

K212704K212704
Device Name
Philips EPIQ Diagnostic Ultrasound System


Indications for Use (Describe)

The intended use of Philips EPIQ series diagnostic ultrasound systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid flow
analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:

Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult), Cephalic
(Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intra-cardiac Echo, Intra-luminal, Intraoperative (Vascular),
Intraoperative (Cardiac), Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric,
Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal,
Lung.

The clinical environments where Philips EPIQ diagnostic ultrasound systems can be used include clinics, hospitals,
and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.

When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the interventionalist and surgeon with image
guidance during treatment of cardiovascular disease in which the procedure uses both live X-ray and live echo
guidance.

The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety procedures and
operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be operated only by appropriately trained
healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were designed.

However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound clinical judgement and best
clinical procedure.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                              Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)

K212704K212704
Device Name
Philips Affiniti Diagnostic Ultrasound System


Indications for Use (Describe)

The intended use of the Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid flow
analysis of the human body with the following Indications for Use:

Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult), Cephalic
(Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative (Cardiac), Musculoskeletal
(Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast,
Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.

The clinical environments where the Affiniti Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems can be used include Clinics, Hospitals, and
clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.

The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety procedures and operating
instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be operated only by appropriately trained healthcare
professionals for the purposes for which they were designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces
your responsibility for sound clinical judgment and best clinical procedure.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov


                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                             Page 1 of 1                                                     PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

1

                           TRADITIONAL 510(K)
                                            Philips Ultrasound
                                  Liver Fat Quantification Module

                                                                 510(k) # K212704


                                       510(k) Summary
This summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with 21 CFR §807.92

I.     Submitter

      Manufacturer Name and Address  Philips Ultrasound, Inc.
                                     22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                              Bothell, WA 98021-8431

       Contact Information             Tamara Daniels
                                          Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs
                                     22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                              Bothell, WA 98021-8431
                                        Phone: 203.213.6862

       Secondary Contact Information   Anne Rossi
                                              Director, Regulatory Affairs
                                     22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                              Bothell, WA 98021-8431
                                        Phone: 425.256.0664

       Date Prepared                   September 21, 2021

II.     Device Proprietary Name           Philips EPIQ Diagnostic Ultrasound System
                                               Philips Affiniti Diagnostic Ultrasound System


     Common Name                    Diagnostic Ultrasound System and Transducers


       Regulation Description:            Ultrasonic pulsed doppler imaging system Ultrasonic pulsed echo
                                       imaging system Diagnostic ultrasound transducer
                                           Diagnostic intravascular catheter
                                       Medical image management and processing


                                    IYN; Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System; 21 CFR 892.1550
       Product Code;                 IYO; Ultrasonic Pulsed Echo Imaging System; 21 CFR 892.1560
       Regulation Description;          ITX; Diagnostic Ultrasonic Transducer; 21 CFR 892.1570
       Regulation Number             OBJ; Diagnostic Intravascular Catheter; 21 CFR 870.1200
                                    QIH; Picture archiving and communications system; 21 CFR 892.2050

TRADITIONAL 510(K)                              2
                                            Philips Ultrasound
                                  Liver Fat Quantification Module


       Device Class                         Class II

        Classification Panel                 Radiology

III.    Predicate & Reference Devices

       Primary Predicate Devices:

           •  K202216 EPIQ Diagnostic Ultrasound System

       Reference Predicate Device:

           •  K201012 Affiniti Diagnostic Ultrasound System
           •  K161843 Aplio I900/I800/I700 Diagnostic Ultrasound System, V2.0 Toshiba Medical
              Systems Corporation (also marketed under Canon)

IV.    Device Description

      The purpose of this Traditional 510(k) Pre-Market Notification is to introduce the following two
      new Liver Fat Quantification software features:

        (1) Attenuation Quantification: a measure of the attenuation coefficient in dB/cm‑MHz of a
           region of interest in the liver
        (2) Hepato-Renal Index Quantification: a ratio measure of the echogenicity (‘brightness’) of the
             liver parenchyma relative to that of the adjacent renal cortex

      The features provide the end user with the capability to calculate attenuation of the liver and an
        hepato-renal index ratio during an ultrasound exam using Philips EPIQ or Affiniti Ultrasound
       System. Previously cleared liver quantification tools available to the end user include Shear Wave
        Point Quantification (ElastPQ, cleared via K17207 on 04 Oct 2017) and Shear Wave Imaging
        (ElastQ, cleared via K181485 on 27 Jul 2018). These existing quantification features measure
         liver stiffness on real-time and retrospective images.

      The Philips EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems were selected as the primary
        predicate for the subject device. The technology is similar to the cleared Aplio I900/I800/I700
        Diagnostic Ultrasound System, V2.0. This product contains attenuation and hepato-renal index
        quantification features.

V.     Indications for Use

Device                  Indications for Use

TRADITIONAL 510(K)                               3
                                            Philips Ultrasound
                                 Liver Fat Quantification Module

Philips EPIQ          The intended use of Philips EPIQ series diagnostic ultrasound systems is
Diagnostic Ultrasound   diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid flow analysis of the human body,
System                 with the following indications for use:

                      Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral
                         Vascular, Cephalic (Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric,
                        Gynecological, Intra-cardiac Echo, Intra-luminal, Intraoperative (Vascular),
                           Intraoperative (Cardiac), Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal
                            (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ
                           (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal,
                         Transvaginal, Lung.

                    The clinical environments where Philips EPIQ diagnostic ultrasound systems
                       can be used include clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis
                         of patients.

                  When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the
                            interventionalist and surgeon with image guidance during treatment of
                          cardiovascular disease in which the procedure uses both live X-ray and live
                      echo guidance.

                    The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in
                        accordance with the safety procedures and operating instructions given in the
                        product user information. Systems are to be operated only by appropriately
                           trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were
                         designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your
                           responsibility for sound clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.
Philips Affiniti        The intended use of the Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is
Diagnostic Ultrasound   diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid flow analysis of the human body
System                 with the following Indications for Use:

                      Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral
                         Vascular, Cephalic (Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric,
                        Gynecological, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative (Cardiac),
                        Musculoskeletal (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Other:
                        Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid,
                            Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.

                    The clinical environments where the Affiniti Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems
                       can be used include Clinics, Hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for
                         diagnosis of patients.

                    The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in
                        accordance with the safety procedures and operating instructions given in the
                        product user information. Systems are to be operated only by appropriately
                           trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were
                         designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your
                           responsibility for sound clinical judgment and best clinical procedure.

TRADITIONAL 510(K)                               4
                                            Philips Ultrasound
                                  Liver Fat Quantification Module


VI.    Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

      The selection of the predicate device (K202216, K201012) is based on the similarity in
        indications for use, clinical use scenarios, and principles of operation among devices. The
        introduction of the Liver Fat Quantification software features does not modify the Philips EPIQ
       and Affiniti Ultrasound System indications. The current Liver Quantification tools available to
        the end user include Shear Wave Point Quantification (ElastPQ) and Shear Wave Imaging
        (ElastQ).

      The Liver Fat Quantification software feature functionalities allow the end user to perform the
        following measurements during an ultrasound exam:

        (1) Attenuation Quantification: a measure of the attenuation coefficient in dB/cm‑MHz of a
           region of interest in the liver
        (2) Hepato-Renal Index (HRI) Quantification: a ratio measure of the echogenicity (‘brightness’)
             of the liver parenchyma relative to that of the adjacent renal cortex

      The selection of the reference device (K161843) is based on the similar of software feature
         functionality. This reference device contains the software features (attenuation and hepato-renal
       index ratio quantifications) included in this submission.

VII.   Performance Data

      The proposed Philips Liver Fat Quantification software features were tested in accordance with
        Philips internal processes. Design Control activities to assure the safe and effective performance
        of the Liver Fat Quantification software features include but are not limited to the following:

           •   Requirements Review
           •   Risk Analysis and Management
           •   Product Specifications
           •  Design Reviews
           •   Software Verification and Validation

        Non-clinical bench performance testing was also conducted for attenuation imaging on the Canon
        device to the proposed Liver Fat Quantification software features.

       Software Verification and Validation testing were used to support evidence for the new Liver Fat
        Quantification software features. The software documentation is presented in accordance with the
      FDA’s Guidance for Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical
       Devices issued May 11, 2005.

VIII.  Conclusion

       Based on adherence to the aforementioned Philips internal processes and the successful
        verification and validation testing, the proposed Liver Fat Quantification software features are
        similar to the software feature in the reference device K161843. The proposed devices meet
        the defined requirements and performance claims and are substantially equivalent to the
       proposed primary predicate device (K202216).