Vysioneer Inc.                                                           October 12, 2021
℅ Vicki Lin
Regulatory Specialist
33 Rogers St., # 308
CAMBRIDGE MA 02142

Re: K212116
    Trade/Device Name: VBrain-OAR
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QKB
    Dated: September 10, 2021
    Received: September 13, 2021

Dear Vicki Lin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K212116 - Vicki Lin                                                                  Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K212116
Device Name
VBrain-OAR
Indications for Use (Describe)
VBrain-OAR is a software device intended to assist trained radiotherapy personnel including, but not limited to,
radiologists, radiation oncologists, neurosurgeons, radiation therapists, dosimetrists, and medical physicists, during their
clinical workflows of brain tumor radiation therapy treatment planning, by providing initial object contours of organs at
risk in the brain (i.e., the region of interest, ROI) on axial T1 contrast-enhanced brain MRI images. VBrain-OAR is
intended to be used on adult patients only.
VBrain-OAR uses an artificial intelligence algorithm (i.e., deep learning neural networks) to contour (segment) organs at
risk (brain stem, eyes, optic nerves, optic chiasm) in the brain on MRI images for trained radiotherapy personnel’s
attention, which is meant for informational purposes only and not intended for replacing their current standard practice of
manual contouring process. VBrain-OAR does not alter the original MRI image, nor does it intend to be used to detect
tumors for diagnosis. VBrain-OAR is intended only for contouring and generating contours of organs at risk in the brain;
it is not intended to be used with images of other body parts.
VBrain-OAR also contains the automatic image registration feature to register volumetric medical image data. (e.g., MR,
CT). It allows rigid image registration to adjust the spatial position and orientation of two images.
Radiation therapy treatment personnel must finalize (confirm or modify) the contours generated by VBrain-OAR, as
necessary, using an external platform available at the facility that supports DICOM-RT viewing/editing functions, such as
image visualization software and treatment planning system.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

Vysioneer Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VBrain-OAR

            Section 5   510(k) Summary  K212116

5.1   Submitter


Vysioneer Inc.

33 Rogers St. #308, Cambridge, MA 02142

 Contact Person:                                Vicki Lin (Regulatory Specialist)

 Phone:                                      609-865-8659

 Email:                                         vicki.lin@vysioneer.com

 Date Summary Prepared:                     September 10, 2021


5.2   Device Name


 Trade Name:                             VBrain-OAR

Common Name:                                 Radiological Image Processing Software for
                                                 Radiation Therapy

 Regulation Number / Product Code:           21 CFR 892.2050 / QKB


5.3    Predicate Device


Primary Predicate Device: AccuContour™
510(k) Holder/Submitter: Xiamen Manteia Technology LTD.

510(k) Number: K191928 (Cleared on 02/28/2020)


Reference Device: iPlan

510(k) Holder/Submitter: Brainlab AG

510(k) Number: K113732 (Cleared on 05/07/2012)


                                            Section 5. Page 1 of 8

Vysioneer Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VBrain-OAR

5.4   Intended Use / Indications for Use


VBrain-OAR is a software device intended to assist trained radiotherapy personnel including, but
not limited to, radiologists, radiation oncologists, neurosurgeons, radiation therapists, dosimetrists,
and medical physicists, during their clinical workflows of brain tumor radiation therapy treatment
planning, by providing initial object contours of organs at risk in the brain (i.e., the region of
interest, ROI) on axial T1 contrast-enhanced brain MRI images. VBrain-OAR is intended to be
used on adult patients only.

VBrain-OAR uses an artificial intelligence algorithm (i.e., deep learning neural networks) to
contour (segment) organs at risk (brain stem, eyes, optic nerves, optic chiasm) in the brain on MRI
images for trained radiotherapy personnel’s attention, which is meant for informational purposes
only and not intended for replacing their current standard practice of manual contouring process.
VBrain-OAR does not alter the original MRI image, nor does it intend to be used to detect tumors
for diagnosis. VBrain-OAR is intended only for contouring and generating contours of organs at
risk in the brain; it is not intended to be used with images of other body parts.

VBrain-OAR also contains the automatic image registration feature to register volumetric medical
image data. (e.g., MR, CT). It allows rigid image registration to adjust the spatial position and
orientation of two images.

Radiation therapy treatment personnel must finalize (confirm or modify) the contours generated
by VBrain-OAR, as necessary, using an external platform available at the facility that supports
DICOM-RT viewing/editing functions, such as image visualization software and treatment
planning system.

5.5   Device Description


VBrain-OAR is a software application system indicated for use in the contouring (segmentation)
of brain MRI images for the organs at risk (OAR) in the brain during radiation treatment planning
and in the registration of multi-modality images. The device consists of 2 algorithm modules,
which are contouring algorithm module and registration algorithm module, and a workflow
management module. The modules can work independently, and yet can be integrated with each
other.

The contouring (segmentation) algorithm module consists of image preprocessing, deep learning
neural networks, and postprocessing components, and is intended to contour organs at risk in the
brain on the axial T1 contrast-enhanced MR images. It utilizes deep learning neural networks to
generate contours for the organs at risk in the brain and export the results as DICOM-RT objects
(using the RT Structure Set ROI Contour attribute, RTSTRUCT).

The registration algorithm module registers volumetric medical image data (e.g., MR, CT). It
allows rigid image registration to adjust the spatial position and orientation of two images.


                                            Section 5. Page 2 of 8

Vysioneer Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VBrain-OAR

The workflow management module is configured to work on a PACS network. Upon user’s request,
it will pull patient scans or users can send corresponding DICOM images, and it will trigger a
predefined workflow, in which different algorithm modules are executed to generate the DICOM
output. The DICOM output of a workflow are sent back to the PACS.

5.6   Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the
      Predicate Device

VBrain-OAR  is  substantially  equivalent  to  the primary  predicate  device AccuContourTM
(K191928).
The proposed device, VBrain-OAR, and the primary predicate, AccuContourTM (K191928) are
both AI-based (deep learning) software devices intended to be used in the workflow of radiation
therapy treatment planning by providing tools to automatically segment/contour organs at risk on
images as well as perform image registration (image fusion). In addition, VBrain-OAR and the
predicate device both use an intensity-based algorithm for image registration. Both the proposed
device and AccuContourTM (K191928) are regulated under 21 CFR 892.2050, Product Code QKB
(Radiological Image Processing Software for Radiation Therapy).

Both the proposed device and the reference device, iPlan (K113732), are designed to contour
organs at risk of brain on MR images and perform image registration (image fusion). The only
difference between these two software devices is that VBrain-OAR uses an AI-based algorithm,
while iPlan uses an atlas-based algorithm for segmentation of images.

Please see Table 5-1 comparing the intended use and key technological characteristics of VBrainOAR and the predicate and reference device.

                   Table 5-1. Comparison with the Predicate and Reference Devices.

                                            Primary Predicate
                         Proposed Device                              Reference Device
                                                     Device

                                            Xiamen Manteia
     Company             Vysioneer Inc.                                     Brainlab AG
                                                 Technology LTD.

     Device Name          VBrain-OAR         AccuContour™                iPlan

     510k Number           K212116             K191928             K113732

     Regulation No.       21CFR 892.2050      21CFR 892.2050      21CFR 892.1750

      Classification                      II                              II                              II

     Product Code         QKB            QKB             JAK/LLZ

                                                                      It is used by radiation     iPlan's indications for                    VBrain-OAR is a
                                              oncology department to   use are the viewing,
       Intended        software device intended
                                                         register multimodality    presentation and
 Use/Indication for Use  to assist trained
                                             images and segment      documentation of                          radiotherapy personnel
                                                     (non-contrast) CT        medical imaging,

                                            Section 5. Page 3 of 8

Vysioneer Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VBrain-OAR


                                            Primary Predicate
                         Proposed Device                              Reference Device
                                                     Device

                           including, but not        images, to generate       including different
                           limited to, radiologists,   needed information for   modules for image
                            radiation oncologists,     treatment planning,       processing, image
                         neurosurgeons, radiation  treatment evaluation and  fusion, atlas assisted
                             therapists, dosimetrists,   treatment adaptation.      visualization and
                       and medical physicists,   The product has two      segmentation,
                         during their clinical      image process functions:  intraoperative functional
                       workflows of brain        (1) Deep learning        planning where the
                       tumor radiation therapy   contouring: it can        output can be used e.g.
                          treatment planning, by    automatically contour    with stereotactic image
                         providing initial object    the organ-at-risk,        guided surgery or other
                         contours of organs at     including head and neck, devices for further
                             risk in the brain (i.e., the  thorax, abdomen and     processing and
                          region of interest, ROI)   pelvis (for both male and  visualization.
                      on axial T1 contrast-      female),              Example procedures
                       enhanced brain MRI      (2) Automatic            include but are not
                         images. VBrain-OAR is  Registration, and         limited to:
                         intended to be used on    (3) Manual Contour.  •     Planning and
                           adult patients only.                                simulation of cranial
                                                                      It also has the following  surgical procedures such                    VBrain-OAR uses an
                                                   general functions:        as tumor resection, shunt                                artificial intelligence
                                                       (1) Receive,             placement, minimal-                         algorithm (i.e., deep
                                                        add/edit/delete, transmit,  invasive stereotactic                           learning neural
                                                      input/export, medical     interventions, biopsy,                         networks) to contour
                                             images and DICOM      planning and simulation                        (segment) organs at risk
                                                       data;                     of trajectories for                           (brain stem, eyes, optic
                                                       (2) Patient management;  stimulation and electrode                           nerves, optic chiasm) in
                                                       (3) Review of processed  recording                           the brain on MRI images
                                                images;       •    ENT procedures                            for trained radiotherapy
                          personnel’s attention,                            such as sinus surgery,
                                                       (4) Open and Save of    tumor surgery                      which is meant for
                                                                 files.         •     Spine                          informational purposes
                        only and not intended                             procedures such as
                            for replacing their                             tumor surgery, pedicle
                           current standard practice                        screw planning,
                          of manual contouring                               vertebroplasty planning
                           process. VBrain-OAR            •     Plan View is an
                        does not alter the                                    application which is
                            original MRI image, nor                           intended to be used for
                        does it intend to be used                          reviewing existing
                            to detect tumors for                                treatment plans
                           diagnosis. VBrain-OAR            •     Planning and
                                is intended only for                                simulation of cranlocontouring and                                     maxillofacial procedures
                          generating contours of                             Typical users of iPlan
                         organs at risk in the                                 are medical

                                            Section 5. Page 4 of 8

Vysioneer Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VBrain-OAR


                                            Primary Predicate
                         Proposed Device                              Reference Device
                                                     Device

                            brain; it is not intended                              professionals, including
                            to be used with images                            but not limited to
                          of other body parts.                              surgeons and
                                                                                     radiologists.                    VBrain-OAR also
                          contains the automatic
                      image registration
                           feature to register
                         volumetric medical
                      image data. (e.g., MR,
                       CT). It allows rigid
                      image registration to
                           adjust the spatial
                           position and orientation
                          of two images.

                         Radiation therapy
                          treatment personnel
                      must finalize (confirm or
                        modify) the contours
                         generated by VBrainOAR, as necessary,
                         using an external
                         platform available at the
                               facility that supports
                  DICOM-RT
                          viewing/editing
                           functions, such as image
                            visualization software
                       and treatment planning
                         system.

                                         The proposed device,                    VBrain-OAR is a                                   iPlan is a software based
                                              AccuContour, is a                         software application                               treatment planning
                                                  standalone software                       system indicated for use                             application providing
                                            which is used by                            in the contouring                                      functionalities like
                                                      radiation oncology                         (segmentation) of brain                           viewing, processing and
                                                department to register                 MRI images for the                             documentation of
                                                 multimodality images                         organs at risk (OAR) in                          medical data including
                                             and segment (non-   Device Description    the brain during                                       different modules for
                                                       contrast) CT images, to                            radiation treatment                            image preparation,
                                                   generate needed                         planning and in the                           image fusion, image
                                                  information for
                             registration of multi-                            segmentation where the                                                   treatment planning,
                      modality images. The                                 result is a treatment plan                                                   treatment evaluation and
                         device consists of 2                                    that can be used e.g. for                                                   treatment adaptation.
                         algorithm modules,                                   stereotactic and/or image
                      which are contouring                            guided surgery.

                                            Section 5. Page 5 of 8

Vysioneer Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VBrain-OAR


                                            Primary Predicate
                         Proposed Device                              Reference Device
                                                     Device

                         algorithm module and   The product has two
                             registration algorithm    image process functions:
                       module, and a workflow  (1) Deep learning
                     management module.     contouring: it can
                     The modules can work   automatically contour
                          independently, and yet    the organ-at-risk,
                       can be integrated with    including head and neck,
                        each other.                thorax, abdomen and
                                                      pelvis (for both male and                     The contouring
                                                    female),                         (segmentation)
                                                       (2) Automatic                         algorithm module
                                                      Registration, and                            consists of image
                                                       (3) Manual Contour.                          preprocessing, deep
                                                                      It also has the following                           learning neural
                                                   general functions:                         networks, and
                                                  Receive, add/edit/delete,                          postprocessing
                                                       transmit, input/export,                        components, and is
                                                medical images and                         intended to contour
                                DICOM data;                         organs at risk in the
                                                      Patient management;                          brain on the axial T1
                                          Review of processed                         contrast-enhanced MR
                                                images;                         images. It utilizes deep
                                        Open and Save of files.                           learning neural networks
                            to generate contours for
                           the organs at risk in the
                          brain and export the
                             results as DICOM-RT
                           objects (using the RT
                           Structure Set ROI
                       Contour attribute,
                   RTSTRUCT).

                     The registration
                         algorithm module
                             registers volumetric
                        medical image data (e.g.,
                  MR, CT). It allows rigid
                      image registration to
                           adjust the spatial
                           position and orientation
                          of two images.

                     The workflow
                     management module is
                         configured to work on a
                  PACS network. Upon


                                            Section 5. Page 6 of 8

Vysioneer Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VBrain-OAR


                                            Primary Predicate
                         Proposed Device                              Reference Device
                                                     Device

                            user’s request, it will
                            pull patient scans or
                          users can send
                         corresponding DICOM
                         images, and it will
                             trigger a predefined
                        workflow, in which
                             different algorithm
                      modules are executed to
                          generate the DICOM
                           output. The DICOM
                          output of a workflow are
                           sent back to the PACS.

     Segmentation     Deep learning         Deep learning            Atlas-based
     (Contouring)
      Technology

   Operating System    Linux operating system   Microsoft Windows      Microsoft Windows

                         Trained radiotherapy       It is used by radiation     Typical users of iPlan
                         personnel including, but  oncology department.     are medical
                          not limited to,                                       professionals, including
    User Population      radiologists, radiation                             but not limited to
                           oncologists, physicians,                          surgeons and
                            dosimetrists, and                                      radiologists.
                        medical physicists.

                                                                  CT, MRI, PET and                        Segmentation Features   Segmentation Features:
                                                      SPECT                            for organs at risk in the   Non-Contrast CT
                            brain: axial T1 contrastSupported Modalities  enhanced MR images.    Registration Features:
                                            CT, MRI, PET
                           Registration Features:
                       CT, MR

                       Organs at risk in the      Organ-at-risk, including  Outline anatomical
                          brain                  head and neck, thorax,    structures using manual
                                         abdomen and pelvis (for  or automatic
  Image segmentation:
                                                both male and female)    segmentation methods.
    Localization and
                                                               Advanced manipulation
  Definition of Objects
                                                                                  for 3D objects with
        (ROI)
                                                                                   scaling, logical
                                                                             operations and object
                                                                                           splitting.

  Image Registration    Intensity-based           Intensity-based           Intensity-based
      Algorithm


                                            Section 5. Page 7 of 8

Vysioneer Inc.
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Submission
VBrain-OAR


                                            Primary Predicate
                         Proposed Device                              Reference Device
                                                     Device

  Alteration of Original No               No               No
       Images

5.7   Non-Clinical Test (Standalone Performance Data)


Standalone performance  testing was conducted  to evaluate  the contouring (segmentation)
performance and registration performance of VBrain-OAR. VBrain-OAR was tested on datasets
from multiple institutions.

The segmentation testing demonstrated that the auto-segmentation algorithm of the VBrain-OAR
algorithm module provides clinically acceptable contours for organs at risk in the brain structures
on an image of a patient.

The registration testing evaluated the quality of the rigid registration of the registration algorithm
module on images of multiple modalities, to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the predicate
device.

Stratified analysis of both testing showed consistent performance on data across patient sex,
multiple imaging hardware and protocols.

5.8   Software Verification and Validation


Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provided in
accordance with FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices” for software devices
identified as Major Level of Concern related to radiation therapy treatment planning.

5.9    Substantially Equivalent (SE) Conclusion


Vysioneer Inc. has conducted performance testing on VBrain-OAR. In all the cases, the software
showed clinically acceptable performance. Verification and validation testing and hazard analysis
demonstrate that VBrain-OAR performs within its design specifications and is as safe and effective
as the predicate. The minor technological differences between VBrain-OAR and the predicate
device with regard to the intended use do not introduce any new potential risks. Based on the
information presented in these 510(k) premarket  notifications, VBrain-OAR  is considered
substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                            Section 5. Page 8 of 8