October 25, 2021Elekta Solutions AB
℅ Anju Kurian, M.S., RAC
Manager, Regulatory Affairs - Software
1450 Beale Street, Suite 205
SAINT CHARLES MO 63303

Re: K212218
    Trade/Device Name: Advanced Algorithms for Treatment Management Applications (AATMA™)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QKB, LLZ
    Dated: September 8, 2021
    Received: September 16, 2021

Dear Anju Kurian:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K212218 - Anju Kurian                                                                Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                            Julie Sullivan -S
                                                  for
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

SECTION 4                                  STATEMENT OF INDICATIONS FOR USE


             DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                          Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                        See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

    510(k) Number (if known)
   K212218

    Device Name
   Advanced Algorithms for Treatment Management Applications (AATMA™)
     Indications for Use (Describe)
  AATMA™ is a medical image processing library intended to produce derived data sets
    for use as input into radiation therapy treatment planning systems or other intermediate
   pre-treatment-planning applications. AATMA™ does not provide a user interface and is
   designed to be accessed through its application programming interface (API) by other
   devices. The data sets created by AATMA™ must be reviewed and validated by a
    qualified healthcare professional prior to clinical use.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                       Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)        Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                        This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
          *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
          The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including
            the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and
           complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
            other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                          Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration
                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                         Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
               “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                    information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

 FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                         Page 1 of 1                                                          PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740

  Elekta Solutions AB
 AATMA™ Traditional 510(k)

TRADITIONAL 510(K) SUMMARY (21 CFR § 807.92)

I.    SUBMITTER            Elekta Solutions AB
                             Kungstensgatan 18 Box 7593
                               Stockholm, Stockholms lan [SE-01] SE SE10393
       Contact:                Anju Kurian, M.S., RAC
                             Manager, Regulatory Affairs - Software
       Establishment
        Registration #:          3015232217

       510(k) Number:         K212218

      Date Prepared:          10/18/2021
II.   DEVICE
      Trade Name:        AATMA™ (Advanced Algorithms for Treatment
                           Management Applications)
      Release Version #:       Release 1.0
       Product Classification:    Class II
     Common Name:           Radiological Image Processing Software for Radiation
                              Therapy
        Classification Name:      Medical Image Management and Processing System
       Regulation Number:      21 CFR § 892.2050
       Product Code:          QKB/LLZ

III.   PREDICATE DEVICE
       Workflow Box by Mirada Medical (K181572)

IV.   DEVICE DESCRIPTION
     AATMA™ is an optional accessory to treatment planning systems and intermediate
       pre-treatment planning applications. The auto-segmentation algorithm in AATMA™ is
      based on machine-learning convolutional neural networks and includes pre-trained
      models that will be used to automatically segment image sets. The algorithm itself
        functions as a computational engine and does not store any input data, output data, or
        logs. The available models have been pre-trained on specific datasets that exhibit
        similar characteristics (e.g., body site and imaging modality).
      As a medical image processing library, AATMA™ is designed to produce derived
       datasets in standard formats (e.g., DICOM) that can be utilized by other applications.
     AATMA™ does not have a user interface and, as such, calling applications must


                                  Page 1 of 3

execute the auto-segmentation algorithms via AATMA™'s application programming
        interface (API).
     AATMA™ must be used in conjunction with appropriate software to review and edit
        results generated automatically by the auto-segmentation algorithm. A pre-treatment
       planning system or treatment planning system must be used to facilitate the review
      and edit of contours generated by the auto-segmentation algorithm within AATMA™.

V.   INTENDED USE
     AATMA™ is a medical image processing library intended to produce derived data sets
         for use as input into radiation therapy treatment planning systems or other intermediate
       pre-treatment-planning applications. AATMA™ does not provide a user interface and is
       designed to be accessed through its application programming interface (API) by other
       devices. The data sets created by AATMA™ must be reviewed and validated by a
        qualified healthcare professional prior to clinical use.

VI.   INDICATIONS FOR USE
     AATMA™ is a medical image processing library intended to produce derived data sets
         for use as input into radiation therapy treatment planning systems or other intermediate
       pre-treatment-planning applications. AATMA™ does not provide a user interface and is
       designed to be accessed through its application programming interface (API) by other
       devices.
      The data sets created by AATMA™ must be reviewed and validated by a qualified
       healthcare professional prior to clinical use.

VII.  COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE
     PREDICATE

                                                             Workflow Box                                    AATMA™        Technological Characteristic                                        Predicate Device                                                                  (Subject Device                                                                            K181572
        Automatic contouring of imaging data using                                                  machine learning based models
       No Graphical User Interface                       
        View manipulation and Volume rendering – Not                                                   Applicable
        Image registration                                  N/A        
         Reporting and Data Routing                         N/A        
        Supported modalities: Standard DICOM image             
         modality support                                        Subject device     Predicate device
                                                                          validated with CT    validated with CT,
                                                             images for image     MR, DICOM
                                                                        processing.     RTSTRUCT for
                                                                             image processing.
        TCP/IP Networking and Communication                 


                                  Page 2 of 3

VIII.  SUMMARY OF PERFORMACE TESTING (NON-CLINICAL)
       Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was
       provided as recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance
         for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.”
     AATMA™ is validated and verified against its user needs and intended use by the
       successful execution of planned performance, functional and algorithmic testing
       included in this submission. The results of performance, functional and algorithmic
        testing demonstrate that AATMA™ meets the user needs and requirements of the
       device, which are demonstrated to be substantially equivalent to those of the listed
       predicate device.
        Verification and Validation for AATMA™ has been carried out in compliance with the
       requirements of CFR 21 Part 820 and in adherence to the DICOM standard.
      Performance testing for two models – Head & Neck, Male Pelvis were conducted.
      The Head & Neck model was trained on 66 unique clinical patient 3D CT image sets
       from a variety of institutions and equipment. A different set of six(6) patient CT image
       sets with expert contours were chosen for verification and the average DICE coefficient
       over all structures was determined to be 0.84 which met the defined acceptance
         criteria. A different set of 13 3D CT image sets were used for validation and these met
       the acceptance criteria as well.
      The Male Pelvis model was trained on 205 unique patient 3D CT image sets from a
        global variety of institutions and equipment from patients undergoing RT. A different
        set of five (5) patient CT image sets with expert contours were chosen for verification
      and the average DICE coefficient over all structures was determined to be 0.93 which
      met the defined acceptance criteria. A different set of 20 3D CT image sets were used
         for validation and these met the acceptance criteria as well.

IX.   SUMMARY OF PERFORMACE TESTING (CLINICAL)
     No animal or clinical tests were performed to establish substantial equivalence with the
       predicate device. The performance data demonstrate that AATMA™ is as safe and
        effective and performs as well as the predicate device Workflow Box by Mirada
       Medical cleared under K181572.

X.   SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE CONCLUSION
        In conclusion, performance testing and device evaluations presented in this 510(k)
       demonstrates that AATMA™ is substantially equivalent to and performs at least as
        safely and effectively as the listed predicate device. AATMA™ meets the requirements
         for safety and effectiveness as applicable to radiological image processing software
      and does not introduce any new potential safety risks.


                                  Page 3 of 3