Koios Medical, Inc.
℅ Patricia Setti-Laperch                                              December 16, 2021
Director of Regulatory Compliance and Quality
242 West 38th Street, 14th Floor
NEW YORK NY 10018

Re: K212616
    Trade/Device Name: Koios DS
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2060
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer-assisted diagnostic software for lesions
                        suspicious of cancer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: POK, QIH
    Dated: November 12, 2021
    Received: November 15, 2021

Dear Patricia Setti-Laperch:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K212616 - Patricia Setti-Laperch                                                        Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                            For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K212616
Device Name
Koios DS
Indications for Use (Describe)
Koios DS is an artificial intelligence (Al)/machine learning (ML)-based computer-aided diagnosis (CADx) software
device intended for use as an adjunct to diagnostic ultrasound examinations of lesions or nodules suspicious for breast or
thyroid cancer.
Koios DS allows the user to select or confirm regions of interest (ROIs) within an image representing a single lesion or
nodule to be analyzed. The software then automatically characterizes the selected image data to generate an AI/MLderived cancer risk assessment and selects applicable lexicon-based descriptors designed to improve overall diagnostic
accuracy as well as reduce interpreting physician variability.
Koios DS may also be used as an image viewer of multi-modality digital images, including ultrasound and
mammography. The software includes tools that allow users to adjust, measure and document images, and output into a
structured report.
Koios DS software is designed to assist trained interpreting physicians in analyzing the breast ultrasound images of adult
(>= 22 years) female patients with soft tissue breast lesions and/or thyroid ultrasounds of all adult (>= 22 years) patients
with thyroid nodules suspicious for cancer. When utilized by an interpreting physician who has completed the prescribed
training, this device provides information that may be useful in recommending appropriate clinical management.
Limitations:
+ Patient management decisions should not be made solely on the results of the Koios DS analysis.
* Koios DS software is not to be used for the evaluation of normal tissue, on sites of post-surgical excision, or
images with doppler, elastography, or other overlays present in them.
* Koios DS software is not intended for use on portable handheld devices (e.g. smartphones or tablets) or as a
primary diagnostic viewer of mammography images.
+ The software does not predict the presence of the thyroid nodule margin descriptor, extra-thyroidal extension.
In the event that this condition is present, the user may select this category manually from the margin descriptor
list.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) oO Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 2 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORMFDA3881(620)  Pagedof2...

K212616510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness


This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted as part of the Premarket Notification
in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR Part 807, Subpart E and Section 807.92.


1. Identification of Submitter:


Submitter:            Koios Medical Inc.
Address:            242 West 38th Street, 14th Floor
                New York, NY 10018
Phone:               732-529-5755
Fax:                 732-529-5757
Contact:                 Patricia Setti-Laperch
Title:                   Director of Regulatory Compliance and Quality
Phone:               732-529-5755
Fax:                 732-529-5757
Summary Date:       December 16, 2021

2. Identification of Product:


Device Name:                 Koios DS, Version 3.0

Device Common Name:         Radiological Computer-Assisted Diagnostic Software
Device Classification:         21 CFR 892.2060, Class II, POK (primary)
                          21 CFR 892.2050, Class II, QIH (secondary)

Classification Name:            Radiological Computer-Assisted Diagnostic Software (CADx) for
                               Lesions Suspicious for Cancer

Manufacturer:                Koios Medical, Inc.

3. Marketed Devices


In terms of safety and performance, this software medical device is substantially equivalent to the devices listed
below:


Model:                       Koios DS for Breast
Manufacturer:                Koios Medical, Inc.
510(k) Number:             K190442

4. Device Description


Koios DS is a software application designed to assist trained interpreting physicians in analyzing breast and
thyroid ultrasound images. The software device is a web application that is deployed to a Microsoft IIS web
server and accessed by a user through a compatible client. Once logged in and granted access to the Koios DS
application, the user examines selected breast or thyroid ultrasound DICOM images. The user selects Regions of
Interest (ROIs) of orthogonal views of a breast lesion or thyroid nodule for processing by Koios DS. The ROI(s) are
transmitted electronically to the Koios DS server for image processing and the results are returned to the user
for review.

Breast Functionality:
Koios DS software automatically classifies breast lesions suspicious for cancer based on image data into one of
four ACR BI-RADS® Atlas1,2 or European U1-U53 Classification System-aligned categories (Benign, Probably
Benign, Suspicious or Indeterminate, or Probably Malignant) and also displays a continuous graphical Confidence
Level Indicator depicting where the lesion falls within its respective category and its relation to neighboring
categories. The software automatically classifies the shape (Round, Oval, Irregular) and orientation (Parallel, Not
Parallel) of the selected lesion.


Thyroid Functionality:
Koios DS is a software medical device used to analyze ultrasound data to classify user-selected regions

containing thyroid nodules suspicious for cancer. The software generates a set of user-editable sonographic

nodule descriptor recommendations (Composition, Echogenicity, Shape, Margin, Echogenic Foci) along with an

optional, deep-learning derived cancer risk assessment of the suspected nodule from two orthogonal views.

Nodule descriptor recommendations are subsequently mapped to a categorical assessment and risk level rating

via the ACR TI-RADS ATLAS™4,5 or American Thyroid Association (ATA)6 risk stratification systems (RSSs) based on

user preference. The software’s direct, non-descriptor-based cancer risk assessment is presented as the Koios

“AI Adapter” that, when used in conjunction with the ACR TI-RADS or ATA guidelines for nodule risk

stratification, is shown to improve overall diagnostic performance of both systems. The AI Adapter operates as

an optional lexicon-specific input used to modify the final categorization in the ACR TI-RADS and ATA RSSs. The

AI adapter positively impacts performance through either a point-based modification (either positive or

negative) or a risk-shift modification (either positive or negative) for ACR TI-RADS and the ATA systems,


1
 BI-RADS® ATLAS is a registered trademark of American College of Radiology. All Rights Reserved.
2
 ACR BI-RADS Atlas: https://www.acr.org/-/media/ACR/Files/RADS/BI-RADS/US-Reporting.pdf
3
 European Guidelines for Quality Assurance in Breast Cancer Screening and Diagnosis (Health & Consumer Protection Directorate – General). Fourth
Edition. Editors: N. Perry, M. Broeders, C. de Wolf, S. Törnberg
4
 TI-RADS™ ATLAS is a trademark of American College of Radiology. All Rights Reserved.
5
 ACR Thyroid Imaging, Reporting and Data System (TI-RADS): White Paper of the ACR TI-RADS Committee. Tessler, Franklin N. et al. Journal of the
American College of Radiology, Volume 14, Issue 5, 587 - 595
6
 2015 American Thyroid Association Management Guidelines for Adult Patients with Thyroid Nodules and Differentiated Thyroid Cancer: The American
Thyroid Association Guidelines Task Force on Thyroid Nodules and Differentiated Thyroid Cancer. Haugen, Alexander, et al., Thyroid. Jan 2016, 26(1): 1-
133.


510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                          2

respectively. This process creates an AI-augmented categorization that is meant to be used with no other

modifications to the decision-making pathway of either RSS. A trained interpreting physician may choose to

incorporate or exclude the Koios AI Adapter from the overall assessment when finalizing their diagnostic

interpretation.


Koios DS enables the following functionality:
   ●  Breast and Thyroid diagnostic core AI engines enabled by state-of-the-art computer vision and machine

        learning techniques capable of reading, interpreting, analyzing, classifying and generating findings from

       ultrasound image data resulting in an automated risk assessment for breast lesions and thyroid nodules

        suspicious for cancer

   ●  Automatic classification of thyroid nodules aligned to both TI-RADS and ATA descriptors of:

       Composition, Echogenicity, Shape, Margin, and Echogenic Foci based on user-selected regions of

        interest (ROIs)

   ●  Automatic classification of breast lesion BI-RADS and U1-U5 Descriptors Shape and Orientation based on
        user-selected or confirmed regions of interest (ROIs)
   ●  Annotation and description of ultrasound images based on ACR BI-RADS Breast Imaging Atlas and U1-U5
        for Koios DS Breast
   ●  Annotation and description of ultrasound images based on and ACR TI-RADS Atlas and ATA classification
        guidelines for Koios DS Thyroid
   ●  Reporting forms for breast lesion or thyroid nodule identification and tracking in the Electronic Health
       Record
   ●  Smart Calipers - extraction of user-supplied ROI data (alternately referred to as Calipers) embedded in
      DICOM SR files from the ultrasound modality
   ●  Smart Click (Breast only) - generation of automated ROI based on user-supplied position (click on a
        lesion) within the image
   ●   Ability to save findings to PACS
   ●   Ability to export findings to reporting software
   ●  Remote analysis interface to generate and view results within compatible software (e.g. ultrasound
       equipment or PACS workstation software)
   ●   Installer and Configuration Wizard
   ●   Single Sign-on (SSO) Windows and LDAP Authentication
   ●  Operating system and platform-agnostic usage
   ●  Zero-footprint web-based HTML5 DICOM image viewer with image manipulation and annotation tools


User Profile:
Koios DS is for use by trained professionals only. Koios DS is not for use by patients. Users must have appropriate

medical professional competence, such as trained sonographers and interpreting physicians.


510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                          3

Use Environment:
Koios DS is a software application for use within a healthcare setting for the examination and assessment of
breast lesions or thyroid nodules using ultrasound. It is a platform-agnostic web application that queries and
accepts DICOM compliant digital medical files from any compliant device subject to the specified DICOM
Conformance Statement for Koios DS. Processing of the image(s) occurs in conjunction with a trained
interpreting physician’s typical diagnostic case read. The output of the system is a digital display to be used as a
concurrent read and report input that may be added as an addendum to the DICOM series selected for
processing or exported directly into a patient’s draft report.


Operating Principle:
Koios DS is an ASP.NET web application deployed to a Microsoft IIS web server inside a Windows operating
system environment accessed by a user through a compatible client. The application provides image-derived
data via web triggering and remote analysis.


Once logged in and granted access to the Koios DS application, the user examines selected breast and thyroid
ultrasound DICOM images. The user selects or confirms up to two ROIs, from up to two orthogonal views that
represent a single breast lesion for processing by the system. For thyroid functionality, two ROIs are required for
analysis by the system. The first ROI must be drawn on the transverse view, with the second on the longitudinal
view of the nodule. For breast functionality, bench testing has verified a single ROI does not significantly
decrease system AUC performance. The ROI(s) are transmitted electronically to the Koios DS server by the Koios
DS Breast or Koios DS Thyroid software for image processing and the results are returned to the user for review
in the respective interface. Images and data can be stored, communicated, processed, and displayed within the
system and/or across computer networks at distributed locations.


The software does not require any specialized hardware to return a diagnostic output, but the time to process
ROIs will vary depending on the hardware specifications.


Koios DS contains two distinct AI/ML engines to characterize breast lesions and thyroid nodules. Based on the
structured data that exists within the DICOM header for a patient study, the Koios DS system calls the
corresponding engine for analysis of the identified lesion or nodule. Each system uses computer vision and
machine learning techniques embedded within an engine capable of reading, interpreting, analyzing, and
generating findings from ultrasound data. The underlying breast and thyroid engines draw upon knowledge
learned from a large database of known cases, tying image features to their eventual diagnosis, to form a
predictive model.


Koios DS results can be saved or transferred in three separate ways: in-transit transmission, saving to Picture
Archiving and Communication System (PACS), and exporting results to third-party reporting software. In-transit
transmission may be utilized when users wish to share analyses across viewing workstations. Results can be
stored in in-transit memory for a preset period of time defined by a system administrator. After that preset
period of time, all results are wiped from the local memory. Another method of saving is storing a report in the
patient study on the PACS. After single or multiple lesion or nodule analyses have been performed and
ultimately accepted by a trained interpreting physician, Koios DS can export a summary report to PACS as an


510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                          4

addendum to the DICOM study that was selected for processing. This report serves as future reference and aid
in the comparison of cases requiring follow up. This functionality is strictly reserved for approved users and must
be configured by a site administrator.


Koios DS also supports exporting results to third-party reporting software to facilitate the reporting process.
Saving or exporting preferences can be configured by the system administrator and user.


5. Indications for Use

Koios DS is an artificial intelligence (AI)/machine learning (ML)-based computer-aided diagnosis (CADx) software
device intended for use as an adjunct to diagnostic ultrasound examinations of lesions or nodules suspicious for
breast or thyroid cancer.


Koios DS allows the user to select or confirm regions of interest (ROIs) within an image representing a single
lesion or nodule to be analyzed. The software then automatically characterizes the selected image data to
generate an AI/ML-derived cancer risk assessment and selects applicable lexicon-based descriptors designed to
improve overall diagnostic accuracy as well as reduce interpreting physician variability.


Koios DS may also be used as an image viewer of multi-modality digital images, including ultrasound and
mammography. The software includes tools that allow users to adjust, measure and document images, and
output into a structured report.


Koios DS software is designed to assist trained interpreting physicians in analyzing the breast ultrasound images
of adult (>= 22 years) female patients with soft tissue breast lesions and/or thyroid ultrasounds of all adult (>=
22 years) patients with thyroid nodules suspicious for cancer. When utilized by an interpreting physician who
has completed the prescribed training, this device provides information that may be useful in recommending
appropriate clinical management.


Limitations:
• Patient management decisions should not be made solely on the results of the Koios DS analysis.
• Koios DS software is not to be used for the evaluation of normal tissue, on sites of post-surgical excision, or
images with doppler, elastography, or other overlays present in them.
• Koios DS software is not intended for use on portable handheld devices (e.g. smartphones or tablets) or as a
primary diagnostic viewer of mammography images.
• The software does not predict the presence of the thyroid nodule margin descriptor, extra-thyroidal extension.
In the event that this condition is present, the user may select this category manually from the margin descriptor
list.


510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                          5

6. Substantial Equivalence Chart


   Product            Koios DS for Breast                   Koios DS
                     (K190442)                              (subject device)
   Physical           Software Package                    Software Package
   Characteristics     Operates on off-the-shelf hardware    Operates on off-the-shelf hardware
   Storage            Storage not supported                 Storage not supported
  Image Input      DICOM                       DICOM
   Characteristics      Decision support device used to assist   Decision support device used to assist in
                          in the assessment and                 the assessment and characterization of
                        characterization of breast lesions       breast lesions and thyroid nodules using US
                       using US image data.                image data.
   Intended           Koios Decision Support (DS) for Breast  Koios Decision Support (DS) is an artificial
   Use/Indications      is a software application designed to    intelligence (AI)/machine learning (ML)-
   for Use               assist trained interpreting physicians   based computer-aided diagnosis (CADx)
                          in analyzing the breast ultrasound      software device intended for use as an
                    images of patients with soft tissue      adjunct to diagnostic ultrasound
                       breast lesions who are being referred   examinations of lesions suspicious for
                         for further diagnostic ultrasound        breast or thyroid cancer.
                      examination.
                                                            Koios DS allows the user to select or
                      Koios DS for Breast is a machine        confirm regions of interest (ROIs) within an
                       learning-based decision support       image representing a single lesion or
                      system, indicated as an adjunct to      nodule to be analyzed. The software then
                       diagnostic ultrasound for breast        automatically characterizes the selected
                       cancer.                           image data to generate an AI/ML-derived
                                                          cancer risk assessment and selects
                      Koios DS for Breast automatically       applicable lexicon-based descriptors
                           classifies user-selected region(s) of     designed to improve overall diagnostic
                         interest (ROIs) containing a breast      accuracy as well as reduce interpreting
                        lesion into four BI-RADS-aligned         physician variability.
                       categories (Benign, Probably Benign,
                        Suspicious, Probably Malignant), and    Koios DS software may also be used as an
                        displays a continuous graphical        image viewer of multi-modality digital
                      confidence level indicator of where     images, including ultrasound and
                     the lesion falls across all categories.    mammography. The software includes
                      Koios DS for Breast also automatically   tools that allow users to adjust, measure
                           classifies lesion shape and orientation  and document images, and output into a
                      according to BI-RADS descriptors.       structured report.

                   The software requires a user to select   Koios DS software is designed to assist
                   up to two ROIs, from up to two         trained interpreting physicians in analyzing
                      orthogonal views, that represent a     the breast ultrasound images of adult (>=
                         single lesion to be selected and        22 years) female patients with soft tissue
                      processed. When utilized by an         breast lesions and/or thyroid ultrasounds
                        interpreting physician who has          of all adult (>= 22 years) patients with
                    completed the prescribed training,      thyroid nodules suspicious for cancer.


510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                          6

this device provides information that   When utilized by an interpreting physician
                 may be useful in rendering an        who has completed the prescribed
                      accurate diagnosis.                       training, this device provides information
                                                               that may be useful in recommending
                       Patient management decisions should  appropriate clinical management.
                     not be made solely on the results of
                     the Koios DS for Breast analysis. This
                      device is intended to help trained
                        interpreting physicians improve their
                         overall accuracy as well as reduce
                          inter- and intra-operator variability.

                      Koios DS for Breast may also be used
                      as an image viewer of multi-modality
                           digital images, including ultrasound
                   and mammography. The software
                       includes tools that allow users to
                         adjust, measure and document
                      images, and output into a structured
                        report.
   Target Population  Koios Decision Support (DS) for Breast  Koios DS software is designed to assist
                               is a software application designed to    trained interpreting physicians in analyzing
   (subset of above    assist trained interpreting physicians    the breast ultrasound images of adult (>=
   for comparison      in analyzing the breast ultrasound     22 years) female patients with soft tissue
   purposes)         images of patients with soft tissue      breast lesions and/or thyroid ultrasounds
                       breast lesions who are being referred   of all adult (>= 22 years) patients with
                         for further diagnostic ultrasound        thyroid nodules suspicious for cancer.
                      examination.

   Limitations for      Limitations:                              Limitations:
  Use                Koios DS for Breast is not to be used    • Patient management decisions should
                  on sites of post-surgical excision, or     not be made solely on the results of the
   (subset of above   images with doppler, elastography, or   Koios DS analysis.
   for comparison     other overlays present in them.        • Koios DS software is not to be used for
   purposes)                                              the evaluation of normal tissue, on sites of
                      Koios DS for Breast is not intended for   post-surgical excision, or images with
                     the primary interpretation of digital     doppler, elastography, or other overlays
                 mammography images.                present in them.
                                                     • Koios DS software is not intended for use
                      Koios DS for Breast is not intended for  on portable handheld devices (e.g.
                     use on mobile devices.               smartphones or tablets) or as a primary
                                                               diagnostic viewer of mammography
                                                           images.
                                                     • The software does not predict the
                                                         presence of the thyroid nodule margin
                                                                  descriptor, extra-thyroidal extension. In
                                                          the event that this condition is present, the
                                                            user may select this category manually


510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                          7

from the margin descriptor list.
   Modality Used for  Breast Ultrasound Data                Breast Ultrasound Data
   Analysis                                                 Thyroid Ultrasound Data
   Input              Medical images provided in a DICOM   Medical images provided in a DICOM
                     format                             format
  ROI              The software requires a user to select   Breast
  Requirements     up to two ROIs, from up to two        The software requires a user to select up to
                      orthogonal views, that represent a     two ROIs, from up to two orthogonal
                         single lesion to be selected and         views, that represent a single lesion to be
                      processed.                             selected and processed.

                                                           Thyroid

                                             Two ROIs that represent a single lesion to
                                                   be selected and processed are required for
                                                                     analysis.


                                                    The first ROI is drawn on the transverse
                                                       view of the nodule. The second is drawn on
                                                          the longitudinal view.
  Output (Breast)     Koios defined categorical and          Koios DS Breast defined categorical and
                     continuous outputs (confidence level   continuous outputs (confidence level
                         indicator) that align   to BI-RADS and   indicator) that align to BI-RADS, U1-U5, and
                         auto-classified shape and orientation    auto-classified shape and orientation.
  Output (Thyroid)   N/A                                  Koios DS Thyroid software automatically
                                                                         classifies thyroid nodules suspicious for
                                                          cancer based on image data generating an
                                                         output aligned to either the TI-RADS or
                                                ATA classification guidelines. The system
                                                              automatically generates user-modifiable
                                                        nodule descriptors (Composition,
                                                               Echogenicity, Shape, Margin, Echogenic
                                                                   Foci) and a direct, image-derived cancer
                                                                          risk assessment that is translated into an
                                                              optional lexicon-specific modifier.
  Comparative        Metric: AUC                           Metric: AUC
   Clinical             Cases: 900                             Cases: 900
  Performance       Readers: 15                           Readers: 15
   Testing (Breast)
  Comparative      N/A                                   Metric: AUC
   Clinical                                                    Cases: 650
  Performance                                            Readers: 15
   Testing (Thyroid)


510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                          8

7. Description of Similarities and/or Differences


Intended Use/Indications for Use (IFU)


Comparing the IFU of the predicate device Koios DS Breast (K190442) and Koios DS, there are several key
similarities and differences outlined below:


Both devices are intended to be utilized as diagnostic aids that operate on user-supplied
Regions of Interest (ROIs). Koios DS Thyroid functionality requires two ROIs representing a single lesion to be
selected and processed for analysis. The first ROI is drawn on the transverse view of the nodule. The second is
drawn on the longitudinal view.


The Koios DS system also contains the Smart Click (breast only) and Smart Caliper functionalities for streamlining
the previously manual ROI selection process. The Smart Click functionality enables the user to click on the center
of a lesion in order to activate a system-generated region of interest surrounding the selected lesion for the
user. The Smart Calipers functionality ingests caliper data from compatible ultrasound devices with the
capability to use a calculation package when drawing calipers on lesions. Koios DS can automatically generate
ROIs and resulting analyses for the user based on this caliper data. Both Smart Click and Smart Caliper-generated
ROIS can be edited or deleted by the user and have been demonstrated to have no adverse impact on the
diagnostic outputs of the Koios DS engines.


The intended use and indications for use statements have been updated from those of the predicate device in
order to enhance labeling clarity and to detail the additional breast and thyroid cancer decision support
functionality and limitations. These differences do not affect the safety and effectiveness of the device when
used as a labeled Computer-Assisted Diagnostic software for lesions suspicious for cancer.


Target Patient Population
Both the Koios DS Breast predicate and the subject device are software applications designed to assist trained
interpreting physicians in analyzing the ultrasound images of patients with soft tissue lesions who are being
referred for further diagnostic ultrasound examination.


Additional detail has been included to clarify the Koios DS Breast product indications for females, as well as to
exclude pediatric use for Koios DS Breast and Koios DS Thyroid.


Technological Characteristics


Modality
Koios DS shares the ultrasound modality requirements of Koios DS Breast and provides additional functionality
for Thyroid ultrasound images.


510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                          9

Input
Per the respective device descriptions of Koios DS Breast and Koios DS, the input to each consists of medical
images provided in a DICOM format. The technical implementation for ingesting images for processing occurs
via the same DICOM-based interface. Based on the structured data that exists within the DICOM header for a
patient study or a user selection, the Koios DS system calls the appropriate corresponding engine (Breast or
Thyroid) for analysis of the identified lesion or nodule. The Koios DS system also contains the Smart Click and
Smart Caliper functionalities for streamlining the previously manual ROI selection process. Regarding Region of
Interest image input data, Koios DS Thyroid functionality requires two ROIs representing a single lesion to be
selected and processed for analysis, whereas this is optional for breast.


Output
When comparing breast functionality, the predicate and subject devices differ only in the additional optional
output display in alignment with the European U1-U5 Classification system for enhanced usability in
international markets. Direct comparison with the Koios DS Breast v2.0 predicate engine’s categorical output
performance determined there is a significant increase in AUC (5%), no significant change in sensitivity, and a
significant increase (24%) in specificity. Koios DS retains the identical descriptor outputs and performance for
the assessment of shape and orientation.


Koios DS software contains functionality for automatically classifying thyroid nodules suspicious for cancer.
Similar to Koios DS Breast, this is based on image data. The system generates an output aligned to either the TIRADS or ATA classification guidelines (in comparison with BI-RADS and U1-U5 for breast). The system
automatically generates user-modifiable thyroid nodule descriptors (Composition, Echogenicity, Shape, Margin,
Echogenic Foci), analogous to the Shape and Orientation descriptors present in the breast functionality, and a
direct, image-derived cancer risk assessment that is translated into an optional lexicon-specific (TI-RADS or ATA)
modifier. Clinical data demonstrates that this provides a significant improvement in overall reader performance
when utilizing Koios DS for the interpretation of thyroid ultrasound studies.


Performance Testing
To compare the performance of the subject device to the predicate device (K190442), a clinical study was
conducted in order to assess the performance of the thyroid functionality of the subject device and bench
testing was conducted on the updated breast functionality. As in the predicate device, ground truth for all breast
analysis was determined by pathology or 1-year follow-up for cases that were not biopsied, whereas for thyroid
it was determined exclusively via histo/cyto-pathology and/or surgical excision. The breast and thyroid engine
validation sets are composed of 900 lesions from 900 different patients and 650 lesions from 650 different
patients, respectively. Each was set aside from the systems’ training data for the purpose of validating
performance.


While operating on identical modalities, but different body regions (breast versus thyroid), similar primary
endpoints were utilized in the clinical validation studies of the subject and predicate devices. Both clinical
studies evaluated an Area Under the Curve (AUC) shift when comparing the performance of users alone versus
users utilizing the respective software platform with a 1-month washout period. The number of cases evaluated
in the predicate study was 900, while the subject device study evaluated a total of 650 cases which were both


510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                         10

determined via power estimates utilizing pilot study estimates for effect size. The number of interpreting
physicians utilized in both studies was 15 readers. Additionally, bench testing was conducted to assess the
standalone performance, as measured by AUC, on identical breast validation datasets.


The results of the subject device’s clinical study evaluating its impact on the diagnostic performance of thyroid
lesion classification successfully met all primary endpoints demonstrating a 0.083 (0.066, 0.099 95% CI)
improvement in parametric AUC on the overall dataset along with a stratified analysis of United States (US)-
based readers on US-based cases demonstrating an improvement of 0.074 (0.051, 0.098 95% CI) in parametric
AUC. The absolute improvement in AUC on the US-only stratification demonstrated a larger mean shift than
seen in the predicate device’s study (0.074 versus 0.037).


Previous clinical study evaluations reported in K190442 have demonstrated significant AUC improvements for
readers utilizing Koios DS Breast. The subject device’s updated breast classification engine was compared to the
predicate device on the same 900 case validation set and demonstrated a statistically significant shift in AUC to
0.929 (0.913, 0.945 95% CI) from 0.882 (0.857, 0.907 95% CI). An additional 50 new cases were added to the set
and evaluated to test the subject device for robustness to dataset drift. This additional test generated a resulting
AUC of 0.930 [0.914, 0.946 95% CI], demonstrating there is no degradation in performance attributable to
dataset drift.


In conclusion, the subject device has demonstrated substantially equivalent performance to the predicate by
showing statistically significant results against similar success criteria in both clinical and bench testing
comparisons.


8. Performance Testing – Bench/Non-Clinical

Breast Engine

Malignancy Risk Classification:
Bench testing was performed on the updated breast engine to ascertain the degree of concordance with trained
interpreting physicians. Ground truth for malignancy risk classification was determined by pathology or 1-year
follow-up for cases that were not biopsied. The system was analyzed on 900 lesions from 900 different patients
set aside from the system’s training data for the purpose of validating performance. Each lesion was
represented by two orthogonal images (e.g. radial and anti-radial), providing a total of 1800 images. System
performance on the 900 cases reported an AUC of 92.9%, with a Sensitivity of 0.97 [0.96, 0.99] and a Specificity
of 0.61 [0.57, 0.66].


Direct comparison with the prior (Koios DS Breast v2.0 predicate) engine’s performance determined there is a
significant increase in AUC (5%), no significant change in sensitivity, and a significant increase (24%) in
specificity.


In summary, a comprehensive evaluation of the breast engines was conducted across key performance metrics
and bench testing demonstrated that the system exceeds physician performance measured by AUC, sensitivity,


510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                         11

and specificity. The engine’s shape and orientation predictions have not been modified from the previously
cleared device (which demonstrated the required level of agreement with the subjective categorizations
assigned by physicians). Testing characterizes the system’s sensitivity to shifts in the selected region of interests
(ROI) and transducer frequency. Testing characterizes the system’s Positive Predictive Value (PPV), Negative
Predictive Value (NPV), Positive Likelihood Ratio (PLR) and Negative Likelihood Ratio (NLR) in comparison with
physicians. Testing demonstrates that the performance of the engine does not demonstrate degradation when
regions of interest are provided by the Smart Click system, as compared to manually drawn regions of interest.
In all tests, the Breast engine met or exceeded performance requirements.


Thyroid Engine
Bench testing was performed on the thyroid engine to ascertain the degree of concordance with trained
interpreting physicians utilizing both the ACR TI-RADS and ATA classification systems. Ground truth for
malignancy risk classification was determined by pathology results only. The system was analyzed on 500 lesions
from 500 different patients set aside from the system’s training data for the purpose of validating performance.
Each lesion was represented by two orthogonal images (e.g. radial and anti-radial), providing a total of 1000
images.


When applied to diagnoses made using ACR TI-RADS guidelines, the AI Adapter and descriptor predictors
achieved an AUC of 79.8%, demonstrating a significant increase over the average physician AUC. When
recommending biopsy, the system’s sensitivity is 0.644 [0.545, 0.744] and specificity is 0.612 [0.566, 0.658].
When recommending follow-up, the system’s sensitivity and specificity are 0.879 [0.812, 0.946] and 0.495
[0.446, 0.544], respectively. In both scenarios, bench testing of the system demonstrates a non-significant
improvement in sensitivity and a significant improvement in specificity over the physician average.

Tests demonstrating AI Adapter impact on ATA classifications yielded similarly improved performance. With
application of the AI Adapter, physician AUC demonstrates a significant increase of 9.135% [5.975, 12.294].
Sensitivity shows a non-significant increase of 0.511% [-5.182, 6.204], while specificity shows a significant
increase of 18.741% [9.885, 27.596].

Bench testing included verification of standalone performance, performance with TI-RADS and ATA outputs, as
well as performance when compared to a separate data set including data from independent sites (separate and
apart from the sites/data used to train and tune the algorithm).


In summary, a comprehensive evaluation of the thyroid engine was conducted across key performance metrics
and bench testing demonstrated that application of the Koios DS AI Adapter exceeds physician performance as
measured by AUC, sensitivity, and specificity. Descriptor predictions were tested objectively – against ground
truth pathology. Testing demonstrated that performance requirements were met under ACR TI-RADS and ATA
reporting systems as well as when compared against independent site data. Outputs were additionally tested
subjectively and met the requirements for agreement with readers’ descriptor categorizations. Testing
characterized the sensitivity of the system with respect to shifts in the region of interest and variation in
performance between high and low transducer frequencies. System performance on data acquired from


510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                         12

independent sites meets performance requirements. In all tests, the Thyroid engine met or exceeded
performance requirements.


9. Performance Testing – Clinical


Breast
A clinical study was previously executed (K190442) to determine the effect of Koios DS Breast on reader
performance. As discussed in the prior section, the prior device’s performance has been met or significantly
improved across all measured metrics by the subject device. This data continues to apply to the breast
functionality within the subject device, with the understanding that its performance is superior, and it would
therefore provide an equivalent or greater benefit. The below summary of the clinical study data has been
included for ease of reference.


The study objective was to determine the impact on Interpreting Physician (Reader) performance as defined by
the area under the Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) Curve (AUC) when Koios DS Breast and an
ultrasound examination are combined (USE + DS), compared to USE Alone in patients that present with a soft
tissue breast lesion through any form of imaging or physical examination and are referred for diagnostic
ultrasound.


The study consisted of 15 readers with varying levels of training and experience providing analysis on a
randomized set of 900 patient cases presented with USE + DS and USE Alone in two reading periods separated
by a 1-month wash-out, totaling 1800 cases analyzed per reader. The reader set and dataset were distributed in
accordance with FDA guidance and are explained in detail below:


510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                         13

Reader Background


                                    Breast                                                   Years of                                  Fellowship                     Academic      MQSA                  Board                        Experience –     Reader                       Trained                            Institution       Qualified                   Certification/               Mammography        ID                        and/or                              Affiliation      Interpreting                    Specialty                     and/or Breast                                 Dedicated                       (Yes/No)       Physician                                                 Ultrasound                                 Breast Imager
                   Diagnostic        1                     No          13 years        No             Yes                   Radiology
                   Diagnostic        2                     No           4 years         No          No                   Radiology
                   Diagnostic        3                           Yes           7 years           Yes            Yes                   Radiology
                     Breast        4                     No           0 years         No          No                  Surgeon
        5       OB/GYN        No          20 years        No          No
                   Diagnostic        6                     No          13 years           Yes          No                   Radiology
                   Diagnostic        7                     No           3 years           Yes          No                   Radiology
        8       OB/GYN        No           0 years         No          No
                   Diagnostic        9                           Yes          15 years        No             Yes                   Radiology
                   Diagnostic       10                     No          13 years        No          No                   Radiology
                   Diagnostic       11                           Yes          30 years        No             Yes                   Radiology
                   Diagnostic       12                           Yes          10 years           Yes            Yes                   Radiology
                   Diagnostic       13                     No           0 years         No          No                   Radiology
                  Interventional       14                     No           4 years         No          No                   Radiology
                     Breast       15                     No          25 years           Yes          No                  Surgeon


510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                         14

Dataset Demographic Information
The Koios DS Breast engine was tested on images sourced from a wide variety of ultrasound hardware and data
with the following patient demographics to ensure the system performance is generalizable to and
representative of diverse populations. Patient demographic distribution was based upon data from the Breast
Cancer Surveillance Consortium (2006-2009)7.


The following figures represent the final validation dataset (900 cases):


 Distribution of Malignancy in Final Validation Set               Distribution of BI-RADS Category in Final Validation Set


      Distribution of Ethnicity in Final Validation Set               Distribution of Age in Final Validation Set


7 Data were obtained from the Breast Cancer Surveillance Consortium, funded by the National Cancer Institute
(HHSN261201100031C). From the Breast Cancer Surveillance Consortium website, http://www.bcsc-research.org/


510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                         15

Distribution of Lesion Size in Final Validation Set                    Distribution of Invasive Cancer in Final Validation Set


                                        Distribution of BI-RADS Density in Final Validation Set


510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                         16

Distribution of US Machines in Final Validation Set


Per the primary endpoint of the study, ROC curves were generated and analyzed. All AUCs were computed via
the trapezoidal approximation. Based on the standard error measurements, the error can be propagated to
estimate the mean performance interface and 95% confidence interval. This was found to be 0.0370 (0.030,
0.044) at α = .05, satisfying the success criteria for the primary endpoint.


To characterize the effect of Koios DS (USE + DS) system on inter-operator variability, the Kendall Tau-B
correlation coefficient was computed in a pairwise manner for all readers. The metric is > 0 for all reader pairs.
The standard error for USE + DS and USE Alone was computed to assess if the shifts in the metric were
significant. The average Kendall Tau-B of USE Alone was .5404 (.5301, .5507) and the average Kendall Tau-B of
USE + DS was .6797 (.6653, .6941) with 95% CI demonstrating a significant increase in the metric (α = .05).


Also assessed was the effect of Koios DS on intra-operator variability leveraging 150 reads that did not switch
from USE Alone to USE + DS across the washout session in the reader study (75 each). USE Alone class switching
rate was 13.6% and the USE + DS class switching rate was 10.8% (p = 0.042), demonstrating a statistically
significant reduction in intra-reader variability when using USE + DS.


510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                         17

Thyroid
An observational case-controlled, Multi-Reader, Multi-Case (MRMC) retrospective clinical trial (CRRS-3) was
executed to determine the effect of Koios DS Thyroid on reader performance.


Effect on performance was defined by measuring the area under the Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC)
Curve (AUC) when Koios DS and an ultrasound examination were combined (USE + DS), compared to unassisted
TI-RADS based Reader performance (USE Alone). All data analysis cases consisted of USE Alone and USE + DS
image readings in patients that presented with a thyroid abnormality through any form of imaging or physical
examination and were referred for diagnostic ultrasound where a nodule was subsequently discovered.


 Data analysis in the CRRS-3 study was based on 650 retrospectively collected cases that were assigned a TIRADS Assessment Category 1 through 5 at the time of initial review at study entry based upon the interpreting
 physician of the ultrasound evaluation. The study consisted of 15 readers reviewing and interpreting 650 cases
 twice (1300 total cases per reader). All data analysis was based on two randomized evaluations of each case
 with and without the assistance of Koios DS software with a 1-month washout period between corresponding
 presentations of the case and interpretations by physicians.

 The study design called for a mixed population of physician readers (11/15 or 73% US based) and cases (500 or
 77% US based) coming from both the US and Europe. Readers with a current medical license who met inclusion
 criteria and completed the study training protocol were considered trained interpreting physicians for study
 purposes. Readers possessed varying levels of training and experience, as detailed below:


Reader Experience

 Reader                                     Experience (postReader Category
  ID                                            residency)

 R1        Domestic Endocrinologist (End)    < 10 years

 R2        Domestic Radiologist (Rad)       ≥ 20 years

 R3        Domestic Rad                  ≥ 20 years

 R4        Domestic Rad                  ≥ 10 and < 20 years

 R5        Domestic Rad                  ≥ 10 and < 20 years

 R6        Domestic Rad                  ≥ 10 and < 20

 R7        Domestic Rad                  ≥ 20 years

 R8        Domestic Rad                  < 10 years

 R9        Domestic Rad                  ≥ 20 years

 R10       Domestic Rad                  ≥ 20 years

 R11       Domestic End                   < 10 years

 R12       European Rad                  ≥ 20 years

 R13       European Rad                  ≥ 20 years

 R14       European End                  ≥ 20 years

 R15       European End                  ≥ 20 years


510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                         18

Dataset Demographic Information
The Koios DS thyroid engine was tested on images sourced from a wide variety of ultrasound hardware and data
with the following patient demographics to ensure the system performance is generalizable to and
representative of diverse populations.

The following ultrasound hardware represents the final validation dataset (650 cases).


               Distribution of ultrasound machine models in the final validation set, by image


510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                         19

The final validation set data is divided into 2 subsets; 500 cases from United States locations and 150

cases from European locations. The following figures represent the United States patient

demographics:


Distribution of Malignancy in the Final Validation Set               Distribution of TI-RADS Assessment in the Final Validation Set
                  (United States)                                                      (United States)


Distribution of Patient Ethnicity in the Final Validation Set                 Distribution of Patient Sex in the Final Validation Set
                    (United States)                                                     (United States)


510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                         20

Distribution of Patient Age in the Final Validation Set (United States)


The following figures represent the European patient demographics:


                              Distribution of Patient Age in the Final Validation Set (European)


                           Distribution of Patient Sex in the Final Validation Set (European)


510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                         21

The primary CRRS-3 analysis was performed on the Readers’ TI-RADS point total gradings from their review of
    the USE Alone and their review of the USE + DS for the Non-Cancer Case Set and Cancer Case Set. For each
    Reader, two ROC curves (Sensitivity vs. 1 – Specificity) were plotted using the USE Alone and the USE + DS
    primary analysis cases. Reader-specific AUC values for the primary analysis were derived from the trapezoidal
     approximation, whereas the mean AUC values and associated standard errors within- and between-modality
     across all Readers were derived from the DBM (Dorfman-Berbaum-Metz ANOVA after jackknife) method. This
    approach captures both reader variability and case variability and is the standard methodology for comparing
    AUCs in MRMC studies. All ROC curve analysis was done with respect to cyto-/histological or excisional
     pathology.

    Summary of All Primary Study Endpoints and Secondary Analyses (US data in bold)


Analysis             Overview                              Result

                    Change in average AUC with Koios DS    +0.083 [0.066, 0.099] (parametric)
Primary Endpoint 1
                                (all readers, all data)                  +0.079 [0.062, 0.096] (non-parametric)

                    Change in average AUC with Koios DS   +0.074 [0.051, 0.098] (parametric)
Primary Endpoint 2
                     (US readers, US data)                 +0.073 [0.049, 0.096] (non-parametric)

                    Change in average Sensitivity and
                                                      + 0.084 [0.054, 0.113] (sensitivity)
                           Specificity of FNA with Koios DS
                                                      + 0.140 [0.125, 0.155] (specificity)
                                (all readers, all data)

                    Change in average Sensitivity and
                                                      + 0.058 [0.017, 0.098] (sensitivity)
Secondary Analysis 1    Specificity of FNA with Koios DS
                                                      + 0.130 [0.110, 0.151] (specificity)
                     (US readers, US data)

                    Change in average Sensitivity and
                                                          +0.125 [0.014, 0.237] (sensitivity)
                           Specificity of FNA with Koios DS
                                                          +0.171 [0.109, 0.233] (specificity)
                     (EU readers, EU data)

                    Change in average Sensitivity and
                                                      + 0.092 [0.043, 0.141] (sensitivity)
                           Specificity of Follow-up with Koios DS
                                                      + 0.242 [0.220, 0.264] (specificity)
                                (all readers, all data)

Secondary Analysis 2 -
                    Change in average Sensitivity and
– excluding cases                                        + 0.087 [0.023, 0.151] (sensitivity)
                          Specificity of Follow-up with Koios DS
recommended for                                       + 0.206 [0.176, 0.235] (specificity)
                     (US readers, US data)
FNA

                    Change in average Sensitivity and
                                                          +0.084 [-0.133, 0.300] (sensitivity)
                           Specificity of Follow-up with Koios DS
                                                          +0.350 [0.267, 0.434] (specificity)
                     (EU readers, EU data)

Secondary Analysis 2a  Change in average Sensitivity and
                                                          +0.060 [0.040, 0.080] (sensitivity)
– including cases         Specificity of Follow-up with Koios DS
                                                          +0.206 [0.192, 0.219] (specificity)
recommended for         (all readers, all data)


     510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                         22

FNA                Change in average Sensitivity and
                                                          +0.053 [0.026, 0.080] (sensitivity)
                          Specificity of Follow-up with Koios DS
                                                          +0.180 [0.161, 0.198] (specificity)
                     (US readers, US data)

                    Change in average Sensitivity and
                                                          +0.060 [-0.009, 0.129] (sensitivity)
                           Specificity of Follow-up with Koios DS
                                                          +0.296 [0.238, 0.354] (specificity)
                     (EU readers, EU data)

                    Change in average AUC with Koios DS   + 0.079 [0.024, 0.134] (parametric)
Secondary Analysis 3
                     (EU Readers, EU Data)                + 0.066 [0.014, 0.118] (non-parametric)

                       Inter-Reader Variability measuring the
                                                      40.7% (all readers, all data)
                        association of TI-RADS points assigned
Secondary Analysis 4                                     37.4% (US readers, US data)
                      with and without decision support
                                                      49.7% (EU Readers, EU Data)
                        Difference (Relative Change %)

                                                          -23.6% (all readers, all data)
Secondary Analysis 5   Impact on Interpretation Time          -22.7% (US readers, US data)
                                                          -32.4% (EU Readers, EU Data)

                                                          +0.022 [0.005, 0.039]
                                                                                       (all readers, all data)

                    Change in average AUC with Koios DS
                                                          +0.017 [-0.007, 0.041]
                        descriptor classifiers only (without AI
                                                        (US readers, US data)
                      Adapter) (parametric)

                                                          +0.010 [-0.051, 0.071]
                                                        (EU Readers, EU Data)

                                                          +0.019 [0.001, 0.037]
                                                                                       (all readers, all data)

                    Change in average AUC with Koios DS
                                                          +0.015 [-0.010, 0.039]
                        descriptor classifiers only (without AI
                                                        (US readers, US data)
                      Adapter) (non-parametric)Secondary Analysis 6
                                                          +0.004 [-0.054, 0.062]
                                                        (EU Readers, EU Data)

                                                                         Sensitivity:
                                                          +0.052 [0.022, 0.081]
                                                                                       (all readers, all data)
                    Change in average sensitivity and
                           specificity of FNA with Koios DS         +0.026 [-0.014, 0.066]
                        descriptor classifiers only (without AI    (US readers, US data)
                      Adapter)
                                                          +0.109 [-0.004, 0.221]
                                                        (EU Readers, EU Data)


     510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                         23

Specificity
                                                          -0.009 [-0.024, 0.006]
                                                                                (all readers, all data)

                                                          -0.001 [-0.022, 0.019]
                                                    (US readers, US data)

                                                          -0.032 [-0.095, 0.031]
                                                    (EU Readers, EU Data)

                                                                  Sensitivity
                                                       0.079 [0.031, 0.128]
                                                                                (all readers, all data)

                                                      0.072 [0.008, 0.135]
                                                    (US readers, US data)

                                                       0.133 [-0.068, 0.334]
                Change in average sensitivity and
                                                    (EU Readers, EU Data)
                      specificity of Follow-up with Koios DS
                   descriptor classifiers only (without AI
                                                                   Specificity
                  Adapter) – excluding cases
                                                       0.015 [-0.010, 0.040]
               recommended for FNA
                                                                                (all readers, all data)

                                                      0.012 [-0.021, 0.045]
                                                    (US readers, US data)

                                                       0.010 [-0.093, 0.113]
                                                    (EU Readers, EU Data)


                                                                  Sensitivity
                                                      +0.047 [0.026, 0.067]
                                                                                (all readers, all data)

                                                      +0.037 [0.009, 0.065]
                                                     (US readers, US data)
                Change in average sensitivity and
                      specificity of Follow-up with Koios DS
                                                      +0.067 [0.000, 0.134]
                   descriptor classifiers only (without AI
                                                    (EU Readers, EU Data)
                  Adapter) – including cases
               recommended for FNA

                                                                   Specificity
                                                      +0.000 [-0.013, 0.012]
                                                                                (all readers, all data)

                                                      +0.003 [-0.014, 0.019]


510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                         24

(US readers, US data)

                                                                -0.012 [-0.065, 0.041]
                                                         (EU Readers, EU Data)


    Summary of System Clinical Performance Using TI-RADS RSS


                                 All Readers, All Data    US Readers, US Data    EU Readers, EU Data

                      Change in average Sensitivity/Specificity of FNA


TI-RADS categorization      +0.084 [0.054, 0.113]     +0.058 [0.017, 0.098]    +0.125 [0.014, 0.237]
w/AI Adapter + size                 (sensitivity)                 (sensitivity)                 (sensitivity)
criteria                    +0.140 [0.125, 0.155]     +0.130 [0.110, 0.151]    +0.171 [0.109, 0.233]
                                        (specificity)                 (specificity)                 (specificity)

TI-RADS categorization +     +0.052 [0.022, 0.081]    +0.026 [-0.014, 0.066]    +0.109 [-0.004, 0.221]
size criteria                          (sensitivity)                 (sensitivity)                 (sensitivity)
                            -0.009 [-0.024, 0.006]     -0.001 [-0.022, 0.019]    -0.032 [-0.095, 0.031]
                                        (specificity)                 (specificity)                 (specificity)

Change in average Sensitivity/Specificity of Follow-up


TI-RADS categorization
w/AI Adapter + size         +0.060 [0.040, 0.080]     +0.053 [0.026, 0.080]    +0.060 [-0.009, 0.129]
criteria                               (sensitivity)                 (sensitivity)                 (sensitivity)
                          +0.206 [0.192, 0.219]     +0.180 [0.161, 0.198]    +0.296 [0.238, 0.354]
                                       (specificity)                 (specificity)                 (specificity)


TI-RADS categorization +     +0.047 [0.026, 0.067]     +0.037 [0.009, 0.065]    +0.067 [0.000, 0.134]
size criteria                          (sensitivity)                 (sensitivity)                 (sensitivity)
                          +0.000 [-0.013, 0.012]    +0.003 [-0.014, 0.019]    -0.012 [-0.065, 0.041]
                                       (specificity)                  (specificity)                 (specificity)


      510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                         25

Reader US (TI-RADS categorization) vs. US+DS (TI-RADS categorization w/AI Adapter)


Per reader non-parametric AUC comparing US to US+DS. The dashed line represents equivocal results with all points above this line
demonstrating an improvement for the US+DS reading condition.


Reader US (TI-RADS categorization + size criteria) vs. US+DS (TI-RADS categorization w/AI Adapter + size
criteria) Change in Operating Point (FNA)


Change in Sensitivity and Specificity of FNA Recommendations for all data for all readers. The base of the arrow represents the initial
operating point, while the arrowhead represents the sensitivity and specificity of US+DS


510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                         26

Reader US (TI-RADS categorization + size criteria) vs. US+DS (TI-RADS categorization w/AI Adapter + size
criteria) Change in Operating Point (Follow-up)


Change in Sensitivity and Specificity of Follow-Up Recommendations for all data for all readers. The base of the arrow represents the initial
operating point, while the arrowhead represents the sensitivity and specificity of US+DS


 Primary endpoints were successfully met, demonstrating a statistically significant improvement of 0.074
 [0.051, 0.098] (95% confidence interval) in overall reader performance of US-based readers when utilizing
 Koios DS for the interpretation of US-based thyroid ultrasound studies.


10. Special Controls


Design verification and validation and product labelling include all requirements proscribed in the 21 CFR
892.2060 Special Controls.


11. Conclusion


Non-clinical and clinical performance tests demonstrate that the Koios DS software device is as safe, as effective,
and performs as well as or better than the legally marketed predicate Koios DS Breast software. It has similar
intended use, indications for use, technological characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate
device. The Koios DS product is substantially equivalent to K190442.


510(k) Summary                                 Koios Medical, Inc.                                         27