December 3, 2021
Cydar Ltd.
℅ Vanisha Mistry
Head of Compliance
Bulbeck Mill, Mill Lane
Barrington, Cambs CB22 7QY
UNITED KINGDOM

Re: K212442
    Trade/Device Name: Cydar EV Series B, Cydar EV Maps
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1650
    Regulation Name: Image-Intensified Fluoroscopic X-Ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: OWB
    Dated: November 3, 2021
    Received: November 5, 2021

Dear Vanisha Mistry:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K212442 - Vanisha Mistry                                                              Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,

                                                                        Digitally signed by
                                                                 Laurel M. Burk -S
                                                               Date: 2021.12.03
                                                                12:38:39 -05'00'       , for
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K212442
Device Name
Cydar EV Series B, Cydar EV Maps
Indications for Use (Describe)
Cydar EV provides tools to:
+ Import and visualise CT data
+ Segment and annotate vascular anatomy from CT data
+ Place and edit virtual guidewires and measure lengths on them
* Make measurements of anatomical structures on planar sections of the CT data
+ Produce an operative plan from measurements and segmentation of preoperative vessel anatomy
* Overlay planning information such as preoperative vessel anatomy onto live fluoroscopic images, aligned based on
the position of anatomical features present in both
+ Non-rigidly transform the visualisation of anatomy when intra-operative vessel deformation is observed
+ Post-operatively review data relating to procedures where the system was used

Cydar EV is intended to assist fluoroscopic X-ray guided endovascular procedures in the chest, abdomen, and pelvis by
presenting the operative plan in the context of intraoperative fluoroscopy.

Cydar EV is intended to be used for patients undergoing a fluoroscopic X-ray guided endovascular surgery in the chest
abdomen and pelvis, and who have had a pre-operative CT-scan.

The performance of the Cydar EV software in the presence of immature vertebral anatomy is unknown. The Instructions
for Use explicitly state this uncertainty and that the software is therefore not recommended for use in patients under the
age of 18.

IMPORTANT: Pre-Operative Maps show static anatomy derived from the pre-operative CT. Real-time anatomy moves
with the cardiorespiratory cycle; progressive disease may cause the anatomy to change over time; and stiff wires, stents or
other surgical instruments, may straighten and displace blood vessels from the pre-operative position

It is therefore mandatory to check the real-time anatomy with a suitable imaging technique, such as contrast
angiography, before deploying any invasive medical device.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K212442


      Cydar Ltd 510(k) Submission: Cydar EV Series B
      Section 5: 510(k) Summary

                       Wed Nov 3 (git: 2a6272a)

 Contents

          • S05.1               Section 5: 510(k) Summary
          • S05.1.1             Submitter Details
          • S05.1.2             Device Name
          • S05.1.3              Predicate Device Identification
          • S05.1.4             Device Description
          • S05.1.5             Statement of Intended Use
          • S05.1.5.1             Indications for Use
          • S05.1.5.2             Differences from Predicate Device
          • S05.1.6              Predicate Device Comparison
          • S05.1.7              Technological Characteristics
          • S05.1.8             Performance Data
          • S05.1.9               Benefit- Risk Conclusion
 S05.1 Section 5: 510(k) Summary

 S05.1.1 Submitter Details


   Business Name  Cydar Ltd

  Address        Bulbeck Mill
                   Barrington
                  Cambridgeshire
                CB22 7QY
              UK

 Contact person:


Section 5: 510(k) Summary                                                                Page 1 of 10

Cydar Ltd 510(k) Submission: Cydar EV Series B


  Name        Rob Hague

   Position      CTO

  Phone number  +44 1223 778 020

  Email          rob.hague@cydar.co.uk

 US Agent:

  Contact Name   Michael van der Woude

   Business Name  Emergo Global Representation LLC

  Address        2500 Bee Cave Road
                  Bldg 1, Suite 300
                     Austin, TX 78746
                  United States

  Phone         512 327-9997

  Fax            512 327-9998

  Email         USAgent@UL.com

 This summary was prepared on 2021-11-03.

 S05.1.2 Device Name

 The device is know as Cydar EV. It is an an evolution of a previous device of the same name, which is the subject
 of 510(k) K160088. To distinguish the two devices, the older device is referred to as Cydar EV Series A, and the
 device that is the subject of this application Cydar EV Series B. Unless otherwise stated, Cydar EV in this
 application refers to the subject device, Cydar EV Series B.

 Both devices are referred to as Cydar EV or Cydar EV Maps in all literature supplied to the user, with a version
 number to distinguish a specific release of the software. At the time Cydar EV Series B is placed on the market, the
 next version number will be assigned to the first release of that device.

  Type of 510(k) Submission   Traditional

  Trade or Proprietary Name  Cydar EV Also referred to as Cydar EV Series B, Cydar EV Maps

  Common or Usual Name    Interventional Fluoroscopic X-Ray System

   Regulation Number        21 CFR 892.1650

  Product Code           OWB, Interventional Fluoroscopic X-Ray System

   Class of Device             Class II

   Panel                     Radiology

   Multiple Devices          None.


Section 5: 510(k) Summary                                                                Page 2 of 10

Cydar Ltd 510(k) Submission: Cydar EV Series B

 S05.1.3 Predicate Device Identification

  All aspects of Cydar EV's functionality are substantially equivalent to one or both legally marketed predicate
 devices listed below.

  Device                    Manufacturer  510(k)   Scope

  Cydar EV (primary predicate)  Cydar Ltd      K160088  CT import, intra-operative overlay, post-operative review

  Endosize                   Therenva SAS  K141475  Measurements and segmentation on CT scans

 S05.1.4 Device Description

 Cydar EV is a Software-as-a-Service product and consists only of the software running on Cydar’s cloud servers.
 Cydar EV enables expert clinical users to build an operative plan, called a Pre-operative Map, which consists of 3D
 blood vessel anatomy from the patient’s CT scan, measurements, and other annotations deemed relevant by the
  clinical user. During surgery, Cydar EV’s fusion imaging superimposes the Pre-operative Map on a duplicated
 display of the X-ray fluoroscopy. The clinical users can interact and non-rigidly transform a copy of the Map,
 called the Adjusted Map, when they see that the real-time anatomy has deformed. After surgery, clinical users can
 review data about the case via the web interface.

 No specific accessories are required for the use of Cydar EV. The software is provided as a service and accessed via
 standard web browser. For intra-operative fusion imaging use, the browser is run on a client PC device called the
 Cydar Appliance. The Cydar Appliance is an off-the-shelf PC with an off-the-shelf video frame grabber and is not in
  itself a medical device nor considered in the scope of this 510(k) submission. The Windows image on the PC (ie
 Cydar Appliance) is controlled by Cydar and not configurable by the end-user. The Cydar Appliance may display
  its output on one or more external monitors via standard video connections e.g DVI or HDMI (in addition to any
  built-in display). A particular installation of the PC (ie Cydar Appliance) may provide a touchscreen and/ or
 peripheral devices such as mice, trackpads, keyboards, and handheld remote control to operate the user
 interface of the Cydar EV service. The software implementing the upload of CT scans in DICOM format (‘Cydar
 Gateway ‘) is a medical image communications device and is therefore also not considered in the scope of this
 510(k) submission.

 S05.1.5 Statement of Intended Use

 Cydar EV provides tools to:

          • Import and visualise CT data
          • Segment and annotate vascular anatomy from CT data
          • Place and edit virtual guidewires and measure lengths on them
          • Make measurements of anatomical structures on planar sections of the CT data
          • Produce an operative plan from measurements and segmentation of preoperative vessel anatomy
          • Overlay planning information such as preoperative vessel anatomy onto live fluoroscopic images, aligned
       based on the position of anatomical features present in both
          • Non-rigidly transform the visualisation of anatomy when intra-operative vessel deformation is observed
          • Post-operatively review data relating to procedures where the system was used

 S05.1.5.1 Indications for Use


Section 5: 510(k) Summary                                                                Page 3 of 10

Cydar Ltd 510(k) Submission: Cydar EV Series B

 Cydar EV is intended to assist fluoroscopic X-ray guided endovascular procedures in the chest, abdomen, and
 pelvis by presenting the operative plan in the context of intraoperative fluoroscopy.

 Cydar EV is intended to be used for patients undergoing a fluoroscopic X-ray guided endovascular surgery in the
 chest abdomen and pelvis, and who have had a pre-operative CT-scan.

 The performance of the Cydar EV software in the presence of immature vertebral anatomy is unknown. The
 Instructions for Use explicitly state this uncertainty and that the software is therefore not recommended for use in
 patients under the age of 18.

 IMPORTANT: Pre-Operative Maps show static anatomy derived from the pre-operative CT. Real-time
 anatomy moves with the cardiorespiratory cycle; progressive disease may cause the anatomy to change over
 time; and stiff wires, stents or other surgical instruments, may straighten and displace blood vessels from the preoperative position

  It is therefore mandatory to check the real-time anatomy with a suitable imaging technique, such as
 contrast angiography, before deploying any invasive medical device.

 S05.1.5.2 Differences from Predicate Device

 The Indications for Use for Cydar EV Series B are similar to those for Cydar EV Series A (identified as the primary
 predicate device), with the addition of measurement functionality similar to that indicated for Endosize. Where
 there are differences, the clinical data demonstrates that this does not impact safety or performance. More detail
 on this correspondence is provided in the next section.

 S05.1.6 Predicate Device Comparison

 The following table compares the Cydar EV Series B to the predicate devices with respect to indications for use,
 principles of operation, technological characteristics, materials, and performance testing. The comparison of the
 devices provides more detailed information regarding the basis for the determination of substantial equivalence.
 The subject device does not raise any new issues of safety or effectiveness based on the similarities to the
 predicate device.

 Conclusion: No difference in intended surgical interventions between these devices. However the intended
 targeted anatomy is clarified in Cydar EV Series B. See section (add Section references)in this summary.

   Assessment     Cydar EV Series B         Cydar EV Series A           EndoSize                  Identified differences or
   Criteria        Cydar Medical Ltd        Cydar Medical Ltd          Therenva                conclusion of no difference
                   Device under            Primary Equivalent Device  Secondary Equivalent
                  assessment             K160088                   Device
                                                               K141475

   1. Technical Characteristics


Section 5: 510(k) Summary                                                                Page 4 of 10

Cydar Ltd 510(k) Submission: Cydar EV Series B


   Assessment     Cydar EV Series B         Cydar EV Series A           EndoSize                  Identified differences or
   Criteria        Cydar Medical Ltd        Cydar Medical Ltd          Therenva                conclusion of no difference
                   Device under            Primary Equivalent Device  Secondary Equivalent
                  assessment             K160088                   Device
                                                               K141475

   Intended Use    Cydar EV provides tools     Cydar EV is intended to       EndoSize is a software      Conclusion: Cydar EV Series B
                        to:                          display combined live 2D X-    solution that is intended     is similar intended use to the
                                                 ray fluoroscopy and 3D        to provide Physicians and   primary predicate device
                               • Import and visualise CT                                        anatomy for image guidance   Clinical Specialists with      differing only in additional
                      data                                              during surgery.                additional information to    features; placement and
                               • Segment and annotate                                                                                        assist them in reading and   editing virtual guidewires,
                       vascular anatomy from   Features of the device                                                                                  interpreting DICOM CT     measurement of lengths and
                   CT data                   include:                                                                       scan images of structures   measurement of anatomical
                               • Place and edit virtual                                                                                  of the heart and vessels.     structures on planar sections                                            Import and visualise CT scan                      guidewires and                                                                                                               of CT data is similar to the                                                  data.                    measure lengths on                                 EndoSize enables the user                                                                                                secondary predicate device.
                  them                                                  to visualize and measure                                        Segment and annotate                              Measurement accuracy
                               • Make measurements of                                 (diameters, lengths,                                                 vascular anatomy from CT                                    verification testing and
                     anatomical structures                                volumes, angles)                                                  data.                                            summative user study is
                   on planar sections of                                     structures of the heart                                                                                             performed as part of the
                      the CT data             Produce an operative plan    and vessels.               design and development
                               • Produce an operative                                                                                                     process
                      plan from               Overlay planning
                   measurements and       information such
                     segmentation of         as preoperative vessel
                       preoperative vessel      anatomy onto live
                   anatomy                 fluoroscopic images, aligned
                               • Overlay planning        based on the position of
                      information such as      anatomical features present
                       preoperative vessel        in the fluoroscopic images.
                   anatomy onto live
                                                  Non-rigidly transform the                       fluoroscopic images,
                                                    visualisation of anatomy                       aligned based on the
                                     when intra-operative vessel                       position of anatomical
                                             deformation is observed.                        features present in both
                               • Non-rigidly transform
                      the visualisation of
                   anatomy when intraoperative vessel
                     deformation is
                     observed
                               • Post-operatively review
                      data relating to
                     procedures where the
                     system was used


Section 5: 510(k) Summary                                                                Page 5 of 10

Cydar Ltd 510(k) Submission: Cydar EV Series B


   Assessment     Cydar EV Series B         Cydar EV Series A           EndoSize                  Identified differences or
   Criteria        Cydar Medical Ltd        Cydar Medical Ltd          Therenva                conclusion of no difference
                   Device under            Primary Equivalent Device  Secondary Equivalent
                  assessment             K160088                   Device
                                                               K141475

   Indications for   Cydar EV is intended to     Cydar EV provides image      Therenva Endosize         Conclusion: Changes in
   use                assist fluoroscopic X-ray    guidance by overlaying       enables visualization and   wording clarifying target
                   guided endovascular        preoperative 3D vessel       measurement of          anatomy between Cydar EV
                   procedures in the chest,    anatomy from a previously    structures of the heart      Series B and primary predicate
                 abdomen, and pelvis by     acquired contrast-          and vessels for pre-         are detailed in the section
                    presenting the operative    enhanced, diagnostic CT      operational planning and   beneath this table. Other
                    plan in the context of       scan onto live X-ray            sizing for cardiovascular     differences these statements
                     intraoperative              fluoroscopy images in order   interventions and surgery   includes clarifications for the
                     fluoroscopy.                to assist in the positioning of                              following which are present
                                                                          General functionalities                                                guidewires, catheters and                           and equivalent in both
                   Cydar EV is intended to be                                are provided such as:                                               other endovascular devices.                                devices:
                  used for patients
                                                                                                                  • Segmentation of                   undergoing a fluoroscopic  Cydar EV is intended to                                Adjustment in anatomy to
                                                                                 cardiovascular                      X-ray guided endovascular   assist X-ray fluoroscopy-                              have the option to non-rigidly
                                                                                   structures                    surgery in the chest        guided endovascular                                   transform the visualisation of
                                                                                                                  • Automatic and manual                abdomen and pelvis, and   procedures in the lower                                 the anatomy in the Map
                                                                                    centreline detection               who have had a pre-         thorax, abdomen and pelvis.
                                                                                                                  • Visualisation of CT scan  Statement clarifies device has                     operative CT-scan.          Suitable procedures include
                                                                       images in every planes,   not been tested on under 18's                                             endovascular aortic
                 The performance of the                             2D review, 3D          immature vertebral anatomy.                                        aneurysm repair,
                   Cydar EV software in the                                      reconstruction, Volume                                                  angioplasty, stenting and                                                                                               Cydar EV series B allows                   presence of immature                                     Rendering, MPR,                                              embolization in the                                                                                                        preoperative and                      vertebral anatomy is                                       Stretched CMPR                                  common iliac, proximal                                                                                                             intraoperative imaging,                 unknown. The                                                                • Measurement and                                                  external iliac and proximal                                                                                                  Endosize allows preoperative                      Instructions for Use                                       annotation tools                                                    internal iliac arteries and                                                                                               imaging only.Other differences                        explicitly state this                                                          • Reporting tools                                             corresponding veins.                                                                                         between Cydar EV Series B and                     uncertainty and that the
                                                                                                 primary predicate are as                    software is therefore not    Cydar EV is not intended for
                                                                                                            detailed in the section beneath                recommended for use in    use in X-ray guided
                                                                                                                       this table, the additional                     patients under the age of    procedures in the liver,
                                                                                                                  features: placement and                      18.                       kidneys or pelvic organs.
                                                                                                              editing virtual guidewires,
                IMPORTANT: Pre-                                                        measurement of lengths and
                   Operative Maps show                                                    measurement of anatomical
                      static anatomy derived                                                                structures on planar sections
                 from the pre-operative                                                                 of CT data. Measurement
                     CT. Real-time anatomy                                                            accuracy verification testing
                 moves with the                                                         and summative user study is
                     cardiorespiratory cycle;                                                       performed as part of the
                     progressive disease may                                                          design and development
                   cause the anatomy to                                                                 process.
                  change over time; and stiff
                      wires, stents or other
                      surgical instruments, may
                     straighten and displace
                   blood vessels from the
                     pre-operative position

                          It is therefore
                 mandatory to check the
                    real-time anatomy with
                 a suitable imaging
                   technique, such as
                    contrast angiography,
                   before deploying any
                    invasive medical device.


Section 5: 510(k) Summary                                                                Page 6 of 10

Cydar Ltd 510(k) Submission: Cydar EV Series B


   Assessment     Cydar EV Series B         Cydar EV Series A           EndoSize                  Identified differences or
   Criteria        Cydar Medical Ltd        Cydar Medical Ltd          Therenva                conclusion of no difference
                   Device under            Primary Equivalent Device  Secondary Equivalent
                  assessment             K160088                   Device
                                                               K141475

   Classification   OWB; Interventional      OWB; Interventional         LLZ ; System image      OWB sufficiently covers the
   Product code /   Fluoroscopic X-Ray         Fluoroscopic X-Ray System    processing radiology       intended use of Cydar EV.
   regulation       System: Regulation:        Regulation Regulation:        Regulation: 892.2050
                   892.1660                  892.1660

   Construction    Software product          Software product            Software Product        No difference

   Performance    Preoperative planning:    Preoperative planning:      Preoperative planning:    Conclusion: Difference
                   Import and visualise CT     Import and visualise CT        Visualisation, annotations  between Cydar EV Series B and
                     data; Segment and          data; Segment and annotate  and measurement         primary predicate are features;
                   annotate vascular           vascular anatomy from CT    performed by clinicians     place and edit virtual
                 anatomy from CT data;      data; Visualise the            intended to provide        guidewires and measure
                    Place and edit virtual      segmented vascular            referring physicians with    lengths on them and make
                    guidewires and measure    anatomy, annotations +/-       clinically relevant         measurements of anatomical
                    lengths on them; Make     measurements together (the  information for diagnosis,   structures on planar sections
                 measurements of           ‘Operative Plan’)              surgery, and treatment      of the CT data
                   anatomical structures on                                 planning.
                                               Intra-operative (Fusion                              EndoSize is indicated for                    planar sections of the CT
                                         imaging functions: Overlay                              preoperative planning only                     data; Visualise the
                                              planning information such                  segmented vascular                                                                                         Measurement accuracy                                              as preoperative vessel                   anatomy, annotations +/-                                                                                                                      verification testing and                                        anatomy onto live                 measurements together                                                                                         summative user study is                                                 fluoroscopic images, aligned                      (the ‘Operative Plan’)                                                                                             performed as part of the                                          based on the position of
                                                                                                    design and development                    Intra-operative (Fusion    anatomical features present
                                                                                                     process                  imaging functions):         in both; Non-rigidly
                    Overlay planning           transform the visualisation
                    information such as         of anatomy when intrapreoperative vessel         operative vessel
                 anatomy onto live          deformation is observed
                     fluoroscopic images,
                                              Post-operative (Review                    aligned based on the
                                                functions): Post-operatively                     position of anatomical
                                              review data relating to                     features present in both;
                                             procedures where the                     Non-rigidly transform the
                                           system was used                      visualisation of anatomy
                when intra-operative
                     vessel deformation is
                   observed

                    Post-operative (Review
                     functions): Postoperatively review data
                       relating to procedures
                  where the system was
                  used


Section 5: 510(k) Summary                                                                Page 7 of 10

Cydar Ltd 510(k) Submission: Cydar EV Series B


   Assessment     Cydar EV Series B         Cydar EV Series A           EndoSize                  Identified differences or
   Criteria        Cydar Medical Ltd        Cydar Medical Ltd          Therenva                conclusion of no difference
                   Device under            Primary Equivalent Device  Secondary Equivalent
                  assessment             K160088                   Device
                                                               K141475

   Design          Cydar EV Series B device is  Cydar EV is a software only    EndoSize is a software-     Conclusion: No difference to
                  a software only medical     medical device that runs on   only device that runs on a   design between Cydar EV
                    device that runs on a       a standard computer that     standard computer that     Series B and primary
                    standard computer that    meets the minimum         meets the minimum        predicate, this includes no
                  meets the minimum        requirements. It can use      requirements. It can use     difference to algorithim or
                    requirements. It can use     local DICOM files or distant     local DICOM files or        development process.
                       local DICOM files or        PACS server. The device        distant PACS server. The
                      distant PACS server. The    does not contact the          device does not contact
                    device does not contact     patient, nor does it control    the patient, nor does it
                    the patient, nor does it     any life sustaining devices.     control any life sustaining
                     control any life sustaining   The information and           devices. The information
                      devices. The information   measurements displayed,    and measurements
                 and measurements         exported or printed are        displayed, exported or
                     displayed, exported or      validated and interpreted by   printed are validated and
                     printed are validated and    Physicians.                   interpreted by Physicians.
                     interpreted by Physicians.
                                         EV complies with the DICOM   EndoSize complies with
                 EV Maps complies with      voluntary standards (ACR/     the DICOM voluntary
                    the DICOM voluntary      NEMA Digital Imaging and     standards (ACR/NEMA
                    standards (ACR/NEMA      Communication in              Digital Imaging and
                        Digital Imaging and         Medicine).                 Communication in
                  Communication in                                      Medicine)
                     Medicine).

   2. Clinical Characteristics

  Same clinical    Cydar EV is intended only   Cydar EV (Series A) is         Intended for patients who
   condition or     to be used for patients      intended to assist             require cardiovascular
   purpose,        undergoing a fluoroscopic   fluoroscopy-guided            interventions, EVAR,
   including         X-ray guided endovascular  endovascular procedures in   TEVAR, TAVI and
   similar          surgery in the chest,        the lower thorax, abdomen    Peripheral
   severity and    abdomen, and pelvis, and  and pelvis. Suitable
   stage of       who have had a pre-        procedures include (but are
   disease          operative CT-scan.         not limited to) endovascular
                                                    aortic aneurysm repair, (AAA
                 The clinical procedures                                        and mid-distal TAA),
                     indicated for the Cydar EV                                                    stenting, and embolisation
                    devices are the same. For                                                     in the common iliac,
                    these procedures a                                              proximal external iliac and
                         clinical specialist will                                              proximal internal iliac
                   determine the stage of                                                     arteries and their
                    disease is advanced and                                             corresponding veins. Cydar
                     requires intervention.                                         EV (Series A) is not intended
                   Cydar EV devices are used                                                      for use in X-ray guided
                       for guidance during the                                             procedures in the liver,
                    procedure.                                              kidneys or pelvis organs.

   Anatomical      Device is used indicated     Device is used indicated for    Device is used indicated   No significant difference. The
   Site               for fluoroscopic X-ray        fluoroscopic X-ray guided      for heart and vessels      anatomy is clarified in this
                   guided endovascular       endovascular procedures in                         document (add Section
                   procedures in the chest,     the lower thorax,                                            references).
                 abdomen, and pelvis      abdomen, and pelvis


Section 5: 510(k) Summary                                                                Page 8 of 10

Cydar Ltd 510(k) Submission: Cydar EV Series B


   Assessment     Cydar EV Series B         Cydar EV Series A           EndoSize                  Identified differences or
   Criteria        Cydar Medical Ltd        Cydar Medical Ltd          Therenva                conclusion of no difference
                   Device under            Primary Equivalent Device  Secondary Equivalent
                  assessment             K160088                   Device
                                                               K141475

   User Profile     The target clinical users    The target clinical users for    Physicians and clinical    No difference in targeted users
                       for the Cydar EV Series B    the Cydar EV Series B device   specialists, users involved
                    device are experienced      are experienced medical       in preoperative planning
                   medical practitioners        practitioners specialising in
                      specialising in             endovascular surgery (such
                   endovascular surgery       as vascular surgeons and
                    (such as vascular            interventional radiologists)
                   surgeons and               radiographers, and
                     interventional                specialist nurses.
                       radiologists)
                     radiographers, and
                       specialist nurses. Other
                    users of the planning
                     functions may include
                   medical device company
                     representatives and
                   product specialists.

   Patient        No patient contact       No patient contact         No patient contact       No difference
   Contact

   Clinical          Operating room, office      Operating room, office         Office (during procedure    Conclusion: No significant
  Environment     (during planning)           (during procedure planning)   planning)                    difference. Cydar EV Series B
                                                                                      and secondary predicate differ
                                                                                                                          slightly in intended clinical
                                                                                              environment as the predicate
                                                                                                                                          is not intended for intraoperative use.

   3. Non-clinical performance data

   Standards       IEC 62304                  IEC 62304                    IEC 62304                  Equivalent standards applied

                    IEC 62366                  IEC 62366                  ISO 14971

                   ISO 14971                ISO 14971

  NEMA PS 3.1-     Applied                   Applied                     Applied                    Conclusion: No difference
   3.20 DICOM


 The changes in wording of the Indications for Use statement from Cydar EV Series A (predicate) to B (device under
 review) are for the purposes of simplicity and clarity and do not convey any change in the clinical use, accuracy,
  reliability, safety, or performance. The change in wording from ‘lower thorax’ to ‘chest’ is for consistency in
 conveying the intended clinical use, as opposed to mode of action. The update in wording to remove statements
 pertaining to use in solid organs is clarified by the restriction to use in endovascular surgery. Cydar EV Series B
 described in this 510(k) has similar intended use as Cydar EV Series A, differing only in the additional features;
 Placement and editing virtual guidewires and measurement of lengths and measurement of anatomical
 structures on planar sections of CT data. The second predicate device; Endosize does include these features and
  is intended for preoperative planning only.

 The subject device has undergone verification and validation activities to ensuring function and performance is
 as well as the predicate device and the additional features provide accurate and reliable outputs. The results
 support that the subject is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.


Section 5: 510(k) Summary                                                                Page 9 of 10

Cydar Ltd 510(k) Submission: Cydar EV Series B

 S05.1.7 Technological Characteristics

 Cydar EV, the subject device, is a software medical device, it does not contact the patient, nor does it control any
  life sustaining device. The use of this software in pre-operative planning, intra-operative mapping and postoperative follow-up is dependant on the interpretation of trained clinical specialists.

 S05.1.8 Performance Data

 Software verification and validation were conducted to establish the performance, functionality and reliability
 characteristics of this device, with particular focus on the modified features. The device has passed all of the tests
 beased on pre-determined Pass/Fail criteria.

 S05.1.9 Benefit- Risk Conclusion

 The device under review is substantially equivalent in the areas of general function, application, technical
 characteristics and use. The intended use differs only in differing only in additional features; Placement and
 editing virtual guidewires and measurement of lengths and measurement of anatomical structures on planar
 sections of CT data. The device does not introduce a fundamentally new scientific technology and has undergone
 bench testing to verify accuracy and user validation. Therefore, we conclude the benefits of Cydar EV when used
 according to the indications for use outweighs risks identified.


Section 5: 510(k) Summary                                                               Page 10 of 10