September 17, 2021
GE Healthcare Japan Corporation
℅ Katelyn Rowley
Regulatory Affairs Leader
GE Medical Systems, LLC
3000 North Grandview Blvd.
WAUKESHA WI 53188

Re: K212067
    Trade/Device Name: Deep Learning Image Reconstruction
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed tomography x-ray system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: August 27, 2021
    Received: August 30, 2021

Dear Katelyn Rowley:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K212067 - Katelyn Rowley                                                             Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                            Laurel M.      DigitallyLaurel M.signedBurk -Sby
                         Burk -S         Date:14:06:282021.09.17-04'00'                                                                                                                                                , for
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K212067

Device Name
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software is a deep learning based reconstruction method intended to produce
cross-sectional images of the head and whole body by computer reconstruction of X-ray transmission data taken at
different angles and planes, including Axial, Helical (Volumetric), and Cardiac acquisitions, for all ages.
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software can be used for head, whole body, cardiac, and vascular CT applications.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR       K212067

                               510(k) SUMMARY

This 510(k) summary of Safety and Effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the
requirement of 21 CFR Part 807.87(h):


  Date:                    July 01, 2021

  Submitter:           GE Healthcare Japan Corporation
                             7-127, Asahigaoka, 4-chome
                             Hino-shi, Tokyo, 191-8503, Japan


  Primary Contact:        Katelyn Rowley
                           Regulatory Affairs Leader
                       Phone 262-309-5888
                            Email: Katelyn.rowely@ge.com


  Secondary Contacts:    Helen Peng
                           Senior Regulatory Affairs Director
                     GE Healthcare
                                Tel: 262-424-8222
                            Email: hong.peng@med.ge.com

                       John Jaeckle
                            Chief Regulatory Affairs Strategist
                     GE Healthcare
                                Tel: 262-424-9547
                            Email: john.jaeckle@med.ge.com


  Device Trade Name:    Deep Learning Image Reconstruction

  Device Classification    Class II

  Regulation Number/    21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
  Product Code:


  Predicate Device Information

  Device Name:          Deep Learning Image Reconstruction

  Manufacturer:        GE Medical Systems, LLC

  510(k) Number:        K193170 cleared on December 13, 2019

  Regulation Number/    21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
  Product Code:


                                       Page-1

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR


  Reference Devices Information

  Device Name:          ASiR-V

  Manufacturer:        GE Medical Systems, LLC

  510(k) Number:        K133640 cleared on March 25, 2014

  Regulation Number/    21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
  Product Code:


  Device Name:           Revolution Ascend

  Manufacturer:        GE Healthcare Japan Corporation

  510(k) Number:        K203169 cleared on March 20, 2020

  Regulation Number/    21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
  Product Code:


Device Description

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction is an image reconstruction method that uses a dedicated
Deep Neural Network (DNN) that has been designed and trained specifically to generate CT Images
to give an image appearance, as shown on axial NPS plots, similar to traditional FBP images while
maintaining the performance of ASiR‐V in the following areas: dose, image noise (pixel standard
deviation), low contrast detectability, high‐contrast spatial resolution, and streak artifact
suppression.
The images produced are branded as “TrueFidelityTM CT Images”. Reconstruction times with Deep
Learning Image Reconstruction software support a normal throughput for routine CT.

The deep learning technology is integrated into the scanner’s existing raw data-based image
reconstruction chain to produce DICOM compatible “TrueFidelityTM CT Images”.

The system allows user selection of three strengths of Deep Learning Image Recon: Low, Medium
or High. The strength selection will vary with individual users’ preferences and experience for the
specific clinical need.

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software was initially introduced on the Revolution CT
systems (K133705, K163213). Subsequently,  it was introduced on the Revolution EVO system
(K131576) and cleared in December 2019 with K193170. The DLIR algorithm is now being
ported, without retraining, to Revolution Ascend (K203169), thus triggering this premarket
notification.

Compared to the predicate device, the intended use and indications for use of Deep Learning
Image Reconstruction are identical.


                                       Page-2

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR


Intended Use

The Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software is intended for head, whole body, cardiac, and
vascular CT Scans.

Indications for Use

The Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software is a deep learning based reconstruction method
intended to produce cross-sectional images of the head and whole body by computer reconstruction
of X-ray transmission data taken at different angles and planes, including Axial, Helical (Volumetric),
and Cardiac acquisitions, for all ages.

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software can be used for head, whole body, cardiac, and
vascular CT applications.


Comparisons

The GE Deep Learning Image Reconstruction (DLIR) software for the Revolution Ascend is
substantially equivalent to the unmodified predicate device DLIR reconstruction option for
Revolution EVO CT systems. The fundamental technology, i.e the DLIR algorithm, remains
unchanged from the predicate. The table below summarizes the substantive feature/technological
differences between the predicate device and the proposed device:


                                       Page-3

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR


 Specification/         Deep Learning Image          Deep Learning Image
 Attribute              Reconstruction                 Reconstruction

                         (Predicate Device, K193170)     (Proposed Device)

 Technology                Utilizes a dedicated Deep Neural   Same
                      Network (DNN) which was
                           trained on the Revolution family
                     CT Scanners and designed
                              specifically to generate high
                            quality CT images

 Clinical Workflow        Select recon type and strength    Same
                          (Low, Medium, High).

 Clinical Use             Routine Clinical Use           Same

 Reference               Using the same Reference         Using the same Reference
 protocols/dose            protocols provided on the          protocols provided on the
                       Revolution EVO system for       Revolution Ascend system for
                       ASiR-V                         ASiR-V

 IQ performance vs dose  Image noise, low contrast         Image noise, low contrast
                              detectability, spatial resolution,     detectability, spatial resolution,
                      and low signal artifact           and low signal artifact
                         suppression as good or better      suppression as good or better
                        than ASiR-V on Revolution EVO   than ASiR-V on Revolution
                                                 Ascend

 Deployment          On GE’s Edison Platform.        Same
 Environment


Deep Learning Image Reconstruction as deployed on the Revolution Ascend CT System does not
introduce any new risks/hazards, warnings, or limitations.

The changes described above do not change the fundamental control mechanism, operating
principle, and do not change the intended use from the predicate device.


Determination of Substantial Equivalence

Summary of Non-Clinical Testing

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction has successfully completed the design control testing per our
quality system. No additional hazards were identified, and no unexpected test results were
observed. Deep Learning Image Reconstruction was designed under the Quality System


                                       Page-4

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR


Regulations of 21CFR 820 and ISO 13485. GE believes that the extensive bench testing and the
physician evaluation are sufficient for FDA’s substantial equivalence determination.

The following quality assurance measures have been applied to the development of the system:

         •   Requirement Definition
         •   Risk Analysis and Control
         •   Technical Design Reviews
         •  Formal Design Reviews
         •   Software Development Lifecycle
           o  Code Review
           o  Software Unit Implementation
           o  Software Integrations and Integration Testing
         •  System Testing
           o  Safety Testing (Verification)
           o  Image Performance Testing (Verification)
           o  Simulating Use Testing (Validation)
         •   Software Release
The testing and results did not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness than associated
with predicate device. We consider the proposed device is substantially equivalent to the predicate
device, DLIR.

The substantial equivalence is also based on the software documentation for a “Moderate” level of
concern.


Additional Non-Clinical Testing

Engineering bench testing was performed to support substantial equivalence and the product
performance claims. The evaluation and analysis used the identical raw datasets obtained on GE’s
Revolution Ascend CT systems and then applies the Deep Learning Image Reconstruction or ASiRV reconstruction. The resultant images were then compared for:
    ▪  Low contrast detectability (LCD)
    ▪  Image Noise (pixel standard deviation)
    ▪  High contrast spatial resolution (MTF)
    ▪   Streak Artifact Suppression
    ▪   Spatial Resolution
    ▪  Noise Power Spectrum (NPS) and Standard Deviation of noise
    ▪  CT Number Accuracy and Uniformity
    ▪   Contrast to Noise (CNR) ratio
    ▪   Artifact analysis – metal objects, unintended motion, truncation
    ▪   Pediatric Image Quality Performance
    ▪  Low Dose Lung Cancer Screening


Clinical Testing

                                       Page-5

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR


The reader study used a total of 60 retrospectively collected clinal cases. The raw data from each
of these cases was reconstructed with both ASiR-V and Deep Learning Image Reconstruction and
presented to each reader independently. The results of the study support substantial equivalence
and performance claims.

These images were read by 9 board-certified radiologists with expertise in the specialty areas that
align with the anatomical region of each case. Each image was read by 3 different radiologists who
provided an assessment of image quality related to diagnostic use according to a 5-point Likert
scale. Additionally, the readers were asked to compare directly the ASiR-V and Deep Learning
Image Reconstruction images according to the key metric of image noise texture and image
sharpness. The readers completed their evaluations independently and were blinded to the results
of the other readers’ assessments.


Substantial Equivalence

The changes associated with Deep Learning Image Reconstruction do not change the Intended Use
from the predicate, and represent equivalent technology, with no impact on control mechanism,
operating principle, or energy type.

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction (DLIR) software for Revolution Ascend was developed under
GE Healthcare’s quality system. Design verification, validation along with bench testing and the
clinical reader study demonstrate that the Deep Learning Image Reconstruction (DLIR) software is
substantially equivalent and hence as safe and as effective as the legally marketed predicate
device. GE’s quality system’s design, verification, validation, and risk management processes did
not identify any new hazards, unexpected results, or adverse effects stemming from the changes to
the predicate.

Based on development under GE Healthcare’s quality system, the successful verification and
validation testing, including the additional engineering bench testing, and the clinical reader
study, GE Healthcare believes that Deep Learning Image Reconstruction Software is substantially
equivalent to the predicate device and hence is safe and effective for its intended use.


                                       Page-6