Hyperfine, Inc.                                              November 17, 2021
℅ Christine Kupchick
Sr. Regulatory Specialist
530 Old Whitfield Street
GUILFORD CT 06437

Re: K212456
    Trade/Device Name: Swoop™ Point-of-Care Magnetic Resonance Imaging (POC MRI) System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic resonance diagnostic device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH, MOS
    Dated: October 20, 2021
    Received: October 21, 2021

Dear Christine Kupchick:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K212456 - Christine Kupchick                                                          Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                     Julie Sullivan -S

                                                   for
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.

ere
510(k) Number (if known)

K212456

Device Name

Swoop™ Point-of-Care Magnetic Resonance Imaging System

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Swoop Point-of-Care Magnetic Resonance Imaging System is a bedside magnetic resonance imaging device for
producing images that display the internal structure of the head where full diagnostic examination is not clinically
practical. When interpreted by a trained physician, these images provide information that can be useful in determining a
diagnosis.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

4] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (1 Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
————————
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
eee
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
eee
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (01) 443-6740 EF
000370

510(k) Summary
Swoop™ Point-of-Care Magnetic
Resonance Imaging (POC MRI) System
K212456

SUBMITTER INFORMATION
Company Name: Hyperfine, Inc.
Company Address: 530 Old Whitfield St

Guilford, CT 06437
CONTACT
Name: Christine Kupchick
Telephone: (203) 343-3404
Email: ckupchick@hyperfine.io
Date Prepared: October 20, 2021
DEVICE IDENTIFICATION
Trade Name: Swoop™ Point-of-Care Magnetic Resonance Imaging (POC MRI)

System
Common Name: Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
Classification Name: System, Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Imaging Coil, Magnetic Resonance,

Specialty
Product Code: LNH; MOS
Regulatory Class: Class II
PREDICATE DEVICE INFORMATION
The subject Swoop™ POC MRI System is substantially equivalent to the predicate POC MRI Scanner
System (K201722/K211818).
DEVICE DESCRIPTION
The Swoop™ Point-of-Care MRI System is a portable MRI device that allows for patient bedside
imaging. The system enables visualization of the internal structures of the head using standard
magnetic resonance imaging contrasts. The main interface is a commercial off-the-shelf device that

000188

is used for operating the system, providing access to patient data, exam setup, exam execution,
viewing MRI image data for quality control purposes, and cloud storage interactions. The system
can generate MRI data sets with a broad range of contrasts. The Swoop™ Point-of-Care MRI System
user interface includes touchscreen menus, controls, indicators, and navigation icons that allow the
operator to control the system and to view imagery.
This subject device in this submission includes a change to the image reconstruction algorithm of
the Swoop POC MRI device for the T1W, T2W, and FLAIR sequences. The image reconstruction
change utilizes deep learning to provide improved image quality, specifically in terms of reductions
in image noise and blurring. This change replaces the non-uniform FFT-gridding operation in the
reconstruction pipeline with Advanced Gridding and adds an Advanced Denoising step in the image
postprocessing stage. All other sections of the image reconstruction pipeline are unchanged with
respect to those used in the previously cleared system (K201722/K211818).
INDICATIONS FOR USE
The Swoop™ Point-of-Care Magnetic Resonance Imaging System is a bedside magnetic resonance
imaging device for producing images that display the internal structure of the head where full
diagnostic examination is not clinically practical. When interpreted by a trained physician, these
images provide information that can be useful in determining a diagnosis.
SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE DISCUSSION
The table below compares the subject device to the predicate.

The Swoop Point-of-Care Magnetic

Resonance Imaging System is a bedside

magnetic resonance imaging device for

producing images that display the

Intended Use/Indications for Use: internal structure of the head where full Same

diagnostic examination is not clinically

practical. When interpreted by a trained

physician, these images provide

information that can be useful in

determining a diagnosis.
fevers fm

Environment of Use: including emergency rooms, critical care Same

units, hospital or rehabilitation rooms.

[Magnets
000189

| Gradients
| TemperatureControl [No Same
| Humidity Control NO Same
[Image Reconstruction Algorithm | |
Advanced Denoising (applies to T1W,
T2W, and FLAIR only) Image orientation transform
. Image orientation transform Geometric distortion correction
Image Post-Processing ee . . . aa ‘ +
Geometric distortion correction Receive coil intensity correction
— ES Se |
DICOM output
The subject device and the predicate device have the same intended use, operating principles, and
similar technological characteristics. The subject device differs from the predicate in that it utilizes
deep learning for image reconstruction. These differences do not raise new questions of safety and
effectiveness as compared to the predicate
NON-CLINICAL TESTING
The subject device has similar technological characteristics as the predicate (K201722/K211818) and
differs only in the utilization of deep learning for image reconstruction. As part of demonstrating
substantial equivalence to the predicate, a risk analysis was completed to identify the risks
associated with the software modification. The following verification and validation testing were
conducted to evaluate the subject device as compared to the predicate. The subject device passed
all the testing in accordance with internal requirements and applicable standards to support
substantial equivalence.
000190

Testing to verify advanced reconstruction models do
not alter image features or introduce artifacts.
Testing to verify the ability for the expert-mode
users to toggle between linear reconstruction and
advanced reconstruction.
Advanced
Reconstruction Testing to verify that image quality with advanced e — 1EC 62304:2006
Verification reconstruction is acceptable, e FDA Guidance, “Guidance for the
Content of Premarket Submissions
Testing to verify basic software functionality is for Software Contained in Medical
NESSUS scan test to verify any vulnerabilities and
serve as a security baseline.
Reconstruction ae obi i
robustness, stability, and generalizability of the
Performance i
‘ advanced reconstruction models.
Analysis
¢ NEMA MS 1-2008 (R2020)
e NEMA MS 3-2008 (R2020)
e NEMA MS 9-2008 (R2020)
e NEMA MS 12-2016
Image Testing to verify image performance with advanced e American College of Radiology (ACR)
Performance reconstruction meets all image quality criteria. Phantom Test Guidance for Use of
the Large MRI Phantom for the ACR
MRI Accreditation Program
e American College of Radiology
standards for named sequences
‘Advanced e FDA Guidance, “Guidance for the
Reconstruction Validation studies to confirm that the device meets Content of Premarket Submissions
ce user needs and performs as intended. for Software Contained in Medical
Validation oy
Devices’
The following testing was leveraged from the predicate device as provided in K201722. Test results
from the predicate were used to support the subject device because the conditions were identical
or the subject device modifications did not introduce a new worst-case configuration or scenario for
testing.
Biocompatibility testing of patient-contacting e180 10993-1:2018
Biocompatibility materials. e ISO 10993-5:2009
e ISO 10993-10:2010
000191

e FDA Guidance, “Reprocessing
Medical Devices in Health Care
Cleaning/ Cleaning and disinfection validation of patient- Settings: Validation Methods and
Disinfection contacting materials. Labeling”
e ISO 17664:2017
e ASTM F3208-17
e — ANSI/AAMI ES 60601-
Safet Electrical Safety, EMC, and Essential Performance 1:2005/(R)2012
Y testing. © IEC 60601-1-2:2014
e 1EC 60601-1-6:2013
e Cybersecurity as recommended in
+ . . FDA guidance, “Content of
Cybersecurity Testing to verify cybersecurity controls and premarket Submissions for
management. aoe
Management of Cybersecurity in
Medical Devices”
Performance Characterization of the Specific Absorption Rate for ° NEMA MS8-2016
Magnetic Resonance Imaging Systems.
CONCLUSION
Based on the indications for use, technological characteristics, performance results, and comparison
to the predicate, the subject Swoop Point-of-Care Magnetic Resonance Imaging (POC MRI) System
has been shown to be substantially equivalent to the predicate device identified in this submission
and does not present any new issues of safety or effectiveness.
000192