Ever Fortune. AI Co., Ltd.
Chen Ming-Fong
Chairman
Rm. D, 8F , NO. 573, Sec. 2, Taiwan Blvd., West Dist.
TAICHUNG, 403020
TAIWAN                                                                           April 4, 2022

Re: K212624
    Trade/Device Name: EFAI Intelligent Cardiothoracic Ratio (iCTR) Assessment System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: March 9, 2022
    Received: March 14, 2022

Dear Chen Ming-Fong:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K212624 - Chen Ming-Fong                                                            Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,

                                                                       For
                                              Thalia T. Mills
                                             Division Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                  Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                   Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                           See PRA Statementbelow.                   Indications for Use
510(k) Number (ifknown)
K212624

Device Name
EFAI Intelligent Cardiothoracic Ratio (iCTR) Assessment System


Indications for Use (Describe)

EFAI Intelligent Cardiothoracic Ratio Assessment System (or iCTR) is a software for use by hospital and clinics to
automatically assess the cardiothoracic ratio (CTR) of a chest X-ray image from the X-ray imager subject.

The iCTR is designed to measure the maximal transverse diameter of heart and maximal inner transverse diameter of
thoracic cavity and calculate the CTR ofa chest X-ray image in posterior-anterior (PA) chest view using an artificial
intelligence algorithm.

Intended users ofthe software are aimed to the physicians or other licensed practitioners in the healthcare institutions,
such as clinics, hospitals, healthcare facilities, residential care facilities and long-term care services.

The system is suitable for adults between 20 - 80 years of age.

Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical-decision making or otherwise preclude clinical
assessment of cardiothoracic ratio (CTR) cases.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)      E  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                         CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (6120)                             Page 1 of 1                                                      PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

EFAI Intelligent Cardiothoracic Ratio (iCTR) Assessment System
                              510(k) Summary

                             K212624


The following information is provided in accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 for the Premarket 510(k) Summary:

I. Submitter


Company:         EVER FORTUNE.AI Co., Ltd.

                      8 F., No. 573, Sec. 2, Taiwan Blvd.,

                      West Dist., Taichung City 403020, Taiwan

                        Phone: (886)-4-2322-6363

                         Fax: (886)-4-2322-9797

                         ra99@everfortuneai.com.tw
 Contact:            MING-FONG, CHEN (Chairman)
                         ra99@everfortuneai.com.tw

Date Prepared:        March 09, 2022


II. Name of the Device


Name of Device:       EFAI Intelligent Cardiothoracic Ratio (iCTR) Assessment System

Common Name:       EFAI iCTR

 Classification Name:    Medical image management and processing system

Review Panel:          Radiology

Regulation:            21 CFR 892.2050

Device Class:            Class II

Product Code:        QIH

EFAI Intelligent Cardiothoracic Ratio (iCTR) Assessment System
III. Predicate Device

          Name                     Manufacturer                    510(K)#
      Imbio RV/LV Software                 Imbio, LLC                    K203256


The EFAI iCTR is equivalent to the Imbio RV/LV Software (K203256), manufactured by Imbio, LLC is provided
as primary predicate device. The predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall. No references device
was used in this submission.

IV. Device Description

The iCTR is a non-invasive software medical device designed to be installed on the computer with specific

system requirements. It is a radiological computer-assisted software system that automatically analyzes

DICOM chest X-ray images in PA view and outputs the CTR through an artificial intelligence algorithm. The

structure report includes a preview of the compressed chest X-ray image with the automatically-derived CTR

result and annotation line, indicating the maximal transverse diameter of heart and maximal inner transverse

diameter of thoracic cavity, and the trajectory of CTR records. The trajectory of CTR does not implement a

predictive or prognostic feature.


V. Indications for Use


EFAI Intelligent Cardiothoracic Ratio Assessment System (or iCTR) is a software for use by hospital and clinics
to automatically assess the cardiothoracic ratio (CTR) of a chest X-ray image from the X-ray imager subject.
The iCTR is designed to measure the maximal transverse diameter of heart and maximal inner transverse
diameter of thoracic cavity and calculate the CTR of a chest X-ray image in posterior-anterior (PA) chest view
using an artificial intelligence algorithm.
Intended users of the software are aimed to the physicians or other licensed practitioners in the healthcare
institutions, such as clinics, hospitals, healthcare facilities, residential care facilities and long-term care services.
The system is suitable for adults between 20 - 80 years of age.
Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical-decision making or otherwise preclude
clinical assessment of cardiothoracic ratio (CTR) cases.

VI. Comparison of Technical Characteristics with Predicate Device

The following table compares the EFAI iCTR to the predicate device with respect to intended use, indications
for use, technological characteristics, device modalities and forms the basis for the determination of substantial
equivalence. The comparison table shows that the subject device does not raise any new questions of safety or
effectiveness as compared to the predicate device.

EFAI Intelligent Cardiothoracic Ratio (iCTR) Assessment System

                                    Table - Comparison Table

                                            Imbio RV/LV
                    EFAI iCTR
 Feature                                       Software              Difference
                        (K212624)
                                             (K203256)

 Manufacturer           Ever Fortune.AI Co.,    Imbio LLC        NA
                             Ltd.

 Regulation Number      21 CFR §890.2050      21 CFR §890.2050    Same

 Regulatory Class         Class II                 Class II            Same

 Product Code         QIH               QIH              Same

 Regulation              Medical image          Medical image       Same
 Name                 management and       management and
                           processing system        processing system

 Device Property       SaMD            SaMD             Same

                               Intended Use / Indications For Use

                     EFAI Intelligent Cardiothoracic Ratio Assessment System (or iCTR) is a software
                              for use by hospital and clinics to automatically assess the cardiothoracic ratio
                       (CTR) of a chest X-ray image from the X-ray imager subject. The iCTR is
                          designed to measure the maximal transverse diameter
                            of heart and maximal inner transverse diameter of thoracic cavity and calculate
                             the CTR of a chest X-ray image in posterior-anterior (PA) chest view using an
                                   artificial intelligence algorithm.
 EFAI iCTR (K212624)
                           Intended users of the software are aimed to the physicians or other licensed
                               practitioners in the healthcare institutions, such as clinics, hospitals, healthcare
                                   facilities, residential care facilities and long-term care services. The system is
                              suitable for adults between 20 - 80 years of age.
                                   Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical-decision
                        making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of cardiothoracic ratio (CTR)
                              cases.

 Imbio RV/LV Software   The Imbio RV/LV Software device is designed to measure the maximal diameters
 (K203256)                 of the right and left ventricles of the heart from a volumetric CTPA acquisition
                        and report the ratio of those measurements. RV/LV analyzes cases using an
                                   artificial intelligence algorithm to identify the location and measurements of the

EFAI Intelligent Cardiothoracic Ratio (iCTR) Assessment System

                               ventricles. The RV/LV software provides the user with annotated images showing
                              ventricular measurements. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone
                             basis for clinical decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of
                  CTPA cases.

                                            Imbio RV/LV
 Technical            EFAI iCTR
                                               Software              Difference
 Characteristics          (K212624)
                                             (K203256)

 Input                       Post-anterior (PA) view  Non-gated, CT         Yes, there is difference.
                             chest X-ray image       Pulmonary          The proposed device used
                                                 angiography images    chest x-ray images in PA
                                                                  view as input to identify
                                                                         the maximal diameters of
                                                                         the maximal transverse
                                                                    diameter of heart and
                                                             maximal inner transverse
                                                                   diameter of thoracic cavity.
                                                          The primary device used
                                                CTPA images as input to
                                                                               identify the maximal
                                                                     diameters of the right and
                                                                                             left ventricles of the heart.
                                                          The verification report can
                                                                             verify the difference does
                                                                      not raise the impact of the
                                                                             safety and effectiveness.
                                                               Both of the devices are in
                                             DICOM images as input.

 Output                    Reports, DICOM         Reports, DICOM     Same
                         Secondary Capture      Secondary Capture
                               series                      series

 Report Structure         Report will be output in  Report will be output   Similar.
                             the DICOM and JSON    in DICOM file format  The subject device is
                                   file format which is      which is structured     intended to output the
                             structured with          with following        maximal inner border
                                                                    diameter of thoracic cavity

EFAI Intelligent Cardiothoracic Ratio (iCTR) Assessment System

                           following information    information and       and heart. The predicate
                        and function tool:        function tool:          device is intended to output
                            1)  CTR                1)  the RV/LV         the maximum ventricular
                            2)   adjustable             Annotated Image   diameters.
                                annotation line           Series (the slices   The report structure both
                             (maximal inner         with the maximum  can demonstrate the
                               border diameter of       ventricular         annotation line and subject
                                  thoracic cavity and       diameters, the     image in DICOM format.
                           maximal diameter     RV/LV Ratio, and
                                 of heart)                 the individual
                            3)   the trajectory of          ventricular
                     CTR (including        measurements if
                                 chest X-ray)              available.)
                                                      2)  the RV/LV
                                           Summary Report

 Intended Users                                                        Yes, there is difference.
                                                          The proposed device is
                                                                     intended to provide the
                                                  Thoracic Radiologists,
                                                                         trained clinicians to use
                                                 General Radiologists,
                                                                   but no limited in the doctor
                            Physicians or other       Pulmonologists,
                                                                                     specialists. The predicate
                             licensed practitioners in   Cardiologists, imaging
                                                                         device is intended to
                             the healthcare            technologists under the
                                                                     provide the radiologists
                                institutions               supervision of a
                                                            and cardiologist and
                                                       physician, or
                                                                 imaging technologists to
                                                       researchers
                                                                               use. The difference does
                                                                      not raise no impact of the
                                                                             safety and effectiveness.

 Target Population                                                      Yes, there is a difference.
                                                                Proposed device only
                                                                     intended use for the patient
                                                                             in the adults of 20-80 years
                          Adults of 20-80 years old No restrictions
                                                                                 old. The validation report
                                                                can verify the difference
                                                                    does raise no impact of the
                                                                             safety and effectiveness.

EFAI Intelligent Cardiothoracic Ratio (iCTR) Assessment System

 Imaging Modality                                                      Yes, there is a difference.
                                                                       Despite two compared
                                           Computed
                                                                          devices is present with the
                                           Tomography
                          Chest X-ray in Digital                            different imaging modality.
                                              Pulmonary
                         Radiography (DR)                       The verification &
                                               Angiography (CTPA)
                                                                           validation result has shown
                                               images
                                                             no impact raise in the
                                                                             safety and effectiveness.

 Intended Use                                                          Yes, there is a difference.
 Environment                                               The usability report can
                           Healthcare institutions
                                                                             verify the different
                               (Clinics, hospitals,
                                                                 environment does not raise
                             healthcare facilities,
                                    No restrictions         the impact of safety and
                               residential care facilities
                                                                                 effectiveness.
                        and long-term care
                              services)


 Software device that
 operates on off-the-shelf  Yes                 Yes              Same
 hardware

 Software devices uses
 software algorithms for   Yes                 Yes              Same
 image

 Diameter Measurement   Yes - Automated       Yes - Automated     Same

 Storage                                                     They have same DICOM
                                                                  format storage. The
                                                                         storage of subject device in
                        Saved in JSON and
                                             Saved in PDF and    JASON format has been
                  DICOM file format text
                                  DICOM compatible     validated through the
                              for DICOM and
                                                  format               system test. There is no
                  DICOM file format
                                                                  impact on safety or
                                                                               effectiveness of the subject
                                                                              device.

EFAI Intelligent Cardiothoracic Ratio (iCTR) Assessment System

 Software Requirement                                                 Yes, there is a difference.
                                                          The operating system has
                                                                been validated through the
                        Ubuntu 18.04           Imbio ICCP             verification and validation.
                     (Web browser :          (Cloud)                                                               There is no impact on
                        chrome 88.0.4324.182
                            or above)                                        safety or effectiveness of
                                                                         the subject device.


VII. Performance Data – Clinical Testing


EFAI iCTR Software was developed and tested in accordance with EFAI’s Design Control processes
and has been subjected to extensive safety and performance testing. EFAI iCTR Software verification
and validation test results established that the device meets its design requirements and intended use.
Specifically, software verification was conducted at unit, module, and system integration levels.
Extensive algorithm development and software verification testing assessed the performance
characteristics of the algorithm including EFAI iCTR accuracy, risk management, and overall
functional performance. Images and cases used for verification testing were carefully separated
from training algorithms.


Results of the EFAI iCTR were compared to evaluation by a panel of expert readers. That study met the
pre-defined acceptance criteria and found that the observed accuracy estimates for the software
were greater than 95% for identification of the imaging mode and the view.


The EFAI iCTR encompasses three quality control models and two annotation models. The quality
control models are capable of filtering out non-chest X-ray images (Sensitivity 0.99, Accuracy 0.99),
filtering out  the  non-PA  view  chest  X-ray  images(Sensitivity  0.99,  Accuracy  0.97),  and
presenting with message for images with unclear boundary whose threshold is <0.5; the annotation
models are able to draw two annotation lines, one indicating maximal transverse diameter of the heart
(root-mean-squareerror 8.81mm)and other indicating the maximal inner diameter of the thoracic cavity(root-meansquare-error 14.3mm).


For clinical performance testing, we included at least a total of 840 eligible PA CXR images of
adults (20 to 80 years old) patients from three participating sites (280 per site). We used accuracy to
evaluate the agreement between EFAI iCTR-derived and physician derived CTR. The accuracy
of EFAI iCTR system is 0.95.

EFAI Intelligent Cardiothoracic Ratio (iCTR) Assessment System

As the result shown, the performance testing demonstrates that the EFAI Intelligent Cardiothoracic
Ratio Assessment System performs as expected and in a manner that is substantially equivalent to the
predicate device

VIII. Performance Data – Non-Clinical


To demonstrate safety and effectiveness of EFAI iCTR and to show substantial equivalence to the predicate
device, EFAI completed the non-clinical  tests. Results confirm that the design inputs and performance
specifications for the device are met. The EFAI iCTR passed the testing in accordance with internal
requirements,
national standards, and international standards shown below, supporting its safety and effectiveness, and its
substantial equivalence to the predicate device:
       Software verification and validation per IEC 62304/FDA Guidance
       Application of usability engineering to medical devices - Part 1 per IEC 62366-1
       Guidance on the application of usability engineering to medical devices per IEC 62366-2


The clinical evaluation is conducted on the device following FDA Guidance “Software as a Medical Device
(SAMD): Clinical Evaluation” (IMDRF/SaMD WG/N41FINAL:2017).


IX. Statement of Substantial Equivalence


Ever Fortune.AI Co., Ltd. Choose the Imbio RV/LV Software (K203256) as a predicate device. Imbio RV/LV
Software, a software device is designed to measure the maximal diameters of the right and left ventricles
of the heart from a volumetric CTPA acquisition and report the ratio of those measurements. The
RV/LV software provides the user with annotated images showing ventricular measurements.
EFAI iCTR is designed to measure the maximal transverse diameter of heart and maximal inner
transverse diameter of thoracic cavity and calculate the CTR of a chest X-ray image in posterioranterior (PA) chest view using an artificial intelligence algorithm. is a software for use by hospital and
clinics to automatically assess the cardiothoracic ratio (CTR) of a chest X-ray image from the X-ray
imager subject.
The subject device shares the similar intended use and device functions to perform the physical
measurement on the ratio of maximum horizontal diameter as the primary device.

X. Conclusion


The result of the comparison of the design, intended use and testing results with the software release acceptance
criteria, EverFortune.AI is the opinion, that Imbio RV/LV software is substantial equivalent to and perform as
well as the predicate device EFAI iCTR.