September 17, 2021
Canon Inc.
℅ Mr. Gregory Woodard
Biomedical Engineer
Ken Block Consulting
800 East Campbell Road, Suite 202
RICHARDSON TX 75081

Re: K212269
    Trade/Device Name: Intelligent NR
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1680
    Regulation Name: Stationary x-ray system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MQB
    Dated: July 19, 2021
    Received: July 20, 2021

Dear Mr. Woodard:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K212269 - Mr. Gregory Woodard                                                        Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                           Laurel M.      DigitallyLaurel M.signedBurk -Sby
                         Burk -S         Date:11:00:032021.09.17-04'00'                                                                                                                                                , for
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K212269
Device Name
Intelligent NR
Indications for Use (Describe)
As a part of the Canon radiography system, the CXDI Control Software when used with a compatible Canon detector is
intended to provide digital image capture, processing, and display for conventional film/screen radiographic examinations.
This device is intended to replace radiographic film/screen systems in all general purpose diagnostic procedures including
specialist areas like intensive care, trauma, and pediatric work. This device is not intended for fluoroscopic, angiographic,
or mammography applications.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K212269

510(k) SUMMARY
Submitter:          Canon Inc.
                     30-2 Shimomaruko, 3-chrome
                     Ohta-ku, Tokyo 146-8501 Japan
Contact Person:       Mr. Akira Hirai                  Ken Block Consulting
                     General Manager                  Ms. Diane Rutherford
                  TEL: 81-3-3758-2111;               Submissions Man: 972-767-4325
                                                               rutherford@kenblockconsulting.com                 FAX: 044-739-6695
                      hirai.akira@mail.canon
Date Prepared:        July 19, 2021
Submission Type:     Traditional 510(k) Submission
Proposed Device:     Manufacturer:     Canon Inc.
                    Trade Name:         Intelligent NR
               Common Name:    Solid State X-Ray Imager (Flat Panel/Digital Imager)
                        Classification Name: Stationary X-ray System
                         Classification:      892.1680, Stationary X-ray System
                     Product Code:    MQB
Predicate Device:     510k Number:     K190368
                      Manufacturer:     Canon Inc.
                    Trade Name:       Enhanced Feature Software Pack for CXDI Series
               Common Name:    Solid State X-Ray Imager (Flat Panel/Digital Imager)
                        Classification Name: Stationary X-ray System
                         Classification:      892.1680, Stationary X-ray System
                     Product Code:    MQB
Device Description:   The Intelligent NR (Intelligent Noise Reduction) function is a part of the CXDI
                      Control software for the Canon detectors (with version 3.10 of the CXDI Control
                      Software) that makes use of the Intelligent NR function to reduce noise for X-ray
                    images taken using the Canon detectors. The Intelligent NR function was developed
                      using machine-learning and trained by using an existing clinical image database to
                        learn the characteristics of noises and create noise reduced images. The Intelligent
              NR function does not perform machine learning after release to users. The CXDI
                       control software, which Intelligent NR is a part of, provides system control, controls
                GUI on the monitor, and processes images. The Intelligent NR function works on a
               PC and displays to a monitor. The Intelligent NR function is used in conjunction
                     with the cleared Canon detectors compatible with CXDI Control Software V3.10.
                  The firmware within compatible Canon detectors to be used with this device is
                     unchanged, and no firmware update is necessary for compatibility with the
                         Intelligent NR.

Indication for Use:   As a part of the Canon radiography system, the CXDI Control Software when used
                     with a compatible Canon detector is intended to provide digital image capture,


                                        Page 1 of 3

processing, and display for conventional film/screen radiographic examinations. This
                      device is intended to replace radiographic film/screen systems in all general purpose
                       diagnostic procedures including specialist areas like intensive care, trauma, and
                        pediatric work. This device is not intended for fluoroscopic, angiographic, or
                 mammography applications.
Summary of         Comparison with the predicate devices shows the characteristics of the proposed
Technological         device to be substantially equivalent to the predicate device.
Characteristics:

                                              Proposed Device                                        Predicate Device
               Trade Name                           Intelligent NR                     Enhanced Feature Software Pack for CXDI Series
                510(k)                         Canon Inc.                                    Canon Inc.
                Submitter                                             [TBD]                                        [K190368]              [Number]
                                                                   As a part of the CXDI series radiography system, the                         As a part of the Canon radiography system, the CXDI                                                             CXDI Control Software when used with a compatible                                Control Software when used with a compatible Canon                                                             CXDI detector is intended to provide digital image                                   detector is intended to provide digital image capture,                                                                                              capture, processing, and display for conventional                                  processing, and display for conventional film/screen                                                                                           film/screen radiographic examinations. This device is                 Indication for    radiographic examinations. This device is intended to                                                                                       intended to replace radiographic film/screen systems              Use             replace radiographic film/screen systems in all general                                                                                                in all general purpose diagnostic procedures including                               purpose diagnostic procedures including specialist                                                                                                    specialist areas like intensive care, trauma, and                                  areas like intensive care, trauma, and pediatric work.                                                                                                pediatric work. This device is not intended for                                This device is not intended for fluoroscopic,                                                                                             fluoroscopic, angiographic, or mammography                                 angiographic, or mammography applications.                                                                                                applications.
                Software /                               CXDI Control Software V3.10                  CXDI Control Software V2.17               Version
                       An image can be created (with high contrasts) by      An image can be created (with high contrasts) by                  Scatter                                using software algorithm, in clinical field, without a      using software algorithm, in clinical field, without a                Correction                                   grid                                                      grid
                         One exposure to obtain images across multiple        One exposure to obtain images across multiple             One Shot                                    detectors, automatically stitched together with ability     detectors, automatically stitched together with ability             Long Length                                    to make manual adjustments after the automatic           to make manual adjustments after the automatic               Imaging                                      stitching.                                                     stitching.
                                Process to reduce noise from the taken images by
                   Intelligent NR   using function machine trained on characteristics of                                                                                   N/A                Function        noises included in X-ray image signals using an
                                    existing clinical image database
                  The Operation Manual provides detailed instructions and information for safe and
                        effective use of the device, and users are expected to adhere to the instructions and
                       other information. The Operation Manual explains how to use the software and other
                     equipment.
Performance:        The hardware within the Canon Digital Radiography Canon Detectors used with the
                         Intelligent NR has not been modified, the detectors have the same performance,
                       biocompatibility, effectiveness, and safety and is substantially equivalent to the
                       predicate device. The risks and hazardous impacts of the device modification were
                     analyzed by FMEA methodology. The specific risk control and protective measures
                        to mitigate the risks from the modification were reviewed and implemented as part of
                      product design. The overall assessment concluded that all identified risks and
                     hazardous conditions were successfully mitigated and accepted.
                 As reported in prior submissions to FDA, the compatible detectors comply with the
                     U.S. Performance Standard for radiographic equipment and with relevant voluntary


                                        Page 2 of 3

safety standards for Electrical Safety and Electromagnetic Compatibility testing,
                         specifically IEC standards 60601-1, 60601-1-2, 60601-1-3, and 60601-2-32. The
                       wireless detectors also comply with the FCC test standard for SAR, specifically
                47CFR 2.1093 and for EMI test regulations FCC Part 15 Subpart B:2012 Class A
                    and ICES-003 Issue 5:2012 Class A.
Conclusion:         Canon Inc. considers the Intelligent NR to be substantially equivalent to the
                       predicate device listed above. This conclusion is based on the similarities in primary
                      intended use, principles of operation, functional design, and established medical use.


                                       Page 3 of 3