Spectrum Dynamics Medical Ltd                                         August 16, 2021
℅ Igor Naroditsky
Vice President, Quality and Regulatory Affairs
22 Bareket St
North Industrial Park
Caesarea, 3079837
ISRAEL

Re: K212230
    Trade/Device Name: TruSPECT Radiological Image Processing Station
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: July 10, 2021
    Received: July 16, 2021

Dear Igor Naroditsky:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K212230 - Igor Naroditsky                                                             Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
k212230
Device Name
TruSPECT Radiological Image Processing Station
Indications for Use (Describe)
TruSPECT is intended for acceptance, transfer, display, storage, and processing of images for detection of radioisotope
tracer uptakes in the patient's body. The device using various processing modes supported by the various clinical
applications and various features designed to enhance image quality. The emission computerized tomography data can be
coupled with registered and/or fused CT/MR scans and with physiological signals in order to depict, localize, and/or
quantify the distribution of radionuclide tracers and anatomical structures in scanned body tissue for clinical diagnostic
purposes. The acquired tomographic image may undergo emission-based attenuation correction.
Visualization tools include segmentation, colour coding, and polar maps. Analysis tools include Quantitative Perfusion
SPECT (QPS), Quantitative Gated SPECT (QGS) and Quantitative Blood Pool Gated SPECT (QBS) measurements,
Multi Gated Acquisition (MUGA) and Heart-to-Mediastinum activity ratio (H/M).
The system also includes reporting tools for formatting findings and user selected areas of interest. It is capable of
processing and displaying the acquired information in traditional formats, as well as in three-dimensional renderings, and
in various forms of animated sequences, showing kinetic attributes of the imaged organs.
TruSPECT is based on Windows operating system. Due to special customer requirements and the clinical focus the
TruSPECT can be configured with different combinations of Windows OS based software options and clinical
applications which are intended to assist the physician in diagnosis and/or treatment planning. This includes commercially
available post-processing software packages.
TruSPECT is a processing workstation primarily intended for, but not limited to cardiac applications. The workstation can
be integrated with the D-SPECT cardiac scanner system or used as a standalone post-processing station.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) SUMMARY


                                                                       510(k) Number: k212203


 Date of submission:                   July 10, 2021

                                Spectrum Dynamics Medical Ltd.
 Submitter:                      22 Bareket St. North Industrial Park

                                    Caesarea, Israel 3079837.
                                Mr. Igor Naroditsky, VP QA/RA
                                           Tel: + (972) 54-438-4386
 Submitter Contact:
                                   Fax: + (972) 73-737-4502
                                      Email: igorn@spectrum-dynamics.com

 Device Trade Name:             TruSPECT

                               Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
 Common Name/Classification:
                                Medical image management and processing system

 Class:                                               II

 Product Code:                   QIH, LLZ

 Classification Panel:             Radiology

 Regulation No:                 892.2050


Marketed Devices:

The Spectrum Dynamics TruSPECT is a modification to the D-SPECT® Processing and Reviewing
Workstation (K160120). The modification is the TruCorr, an image attenuation correction method
which integrates pre-trained neural networks in the iteration reconstruction process to control
image attenuation. ThruCorr aids as an alternative to the current image attenuation correction
algorithm based on CT image, which is still available on the proposed devices.


All other features in the system are the same as in the D-SPECT Processing and Reviewing
Workstation (K160120) and have the same functionality, safety, and performance.


Predicate device:

D-SPECT® Processing and Reviewing Workstation (K160120)


                                       Spectrum Dynamics Medical Ltd.
                   POB 3033, 22 Bareket Street  Caesarea Industrial Zone, 3079837  Israel
                             Phone #: +972-73-7374500  Fax #: +972-73-7374501
                                            spectrum-dynamics.com

Device Description:

The TruSPECT is a Nuclear Medicine Software system designed for nuclear medicine images’ post
processing and further review procedures for detection of the radioisotope tracer uptake in the
patient’s body. Thus, using a variety of post processing features oriented to specific clinical
applications.


SUMO Workflow enables visual evaluation and assessment of the sympathetic innervation
system of the heart by quantification of uptake ratios between regions of interest, identifying
discreet uptake areas of AdreViewtm (Iobenguane I123 Injection) or similar agents within the
heart. The results generated by the SUMO workflow can be displayed on the D-SPECT processing
station and additionally, can be exported to EP systems. It can also be used by the physician to
aid in ablation treatment planning by electrophysiologists.


D-SPECT Dynamic CFR is a workflow for visualization, evaluation, and quantification of specific
areas of attention.  It  is capable of processing and displaying the acquired information in
traditional formats, as well as in three-dimensional renderings, and in various forms of animated
sequences, showing kinetic attributes of the imaged organs providing quantitative blood flow
measurements of SPECT images. The application provides visualization and measurement tools
for both qualitative and quantitative visualization and input data evaluation.  It provides
automated and manual tools for orientation and segmentation of the myocardium. The software
calculates myocardial blood flow measurements and provides tools, such as a database
comparison workflow, to the clinician to evaluate these outcomes.


TruSPECT CT based Attenuation Correction (CTAC) is an application that removes soft tissue
artifacts from SPECT images. The goal is to minimize the impact of attenuation to provide more
consistent and reliable reading images. The CT Attenuation Correction (CTAC) uses a second form
of imaging (CT) to develop a density map of each patient and correct the SPECT image
accordingly.


TruCorr enhances the user’s ability to visualize the acquired information (by way of a single clear
image) - thus optimizing what would otherwise be a disjointed visual comparison. It is an Emission
Based attenuation correction application using the deep learning model which was trained to
directly estimate attenuation corrected SPECT images from non-attenuation corrected ones
without the use of any anatomical images.


                                       Spectrum Dynamics Medical Ltd.
                   POB 3033, 22 Bareket Street  Caesarea Industrial Zone, 3079837  Israel
                             Phone #: +972-73-7374500  Fax #: +972-73-7374501
                                            spectrum-dynamics.com

Intended Use:

TruSPECT is intended for acceptance, transfer, display, storage, and processing of images for
detection of radioisotope tracer uptakes in the patient's body. The device using various
processing modes supported by the various clinical applications and various features
designed to enhance image quality. The emission computerized tomography data can be
coupled with registered and/or fused CT/MR scans and with physiological signals in order to
depict, localize, and/or quantify the distribution of radionuclide tracers and anatomical
structures in scanned body tissue for clinical diagnostic purposes. The acquired tomographic
image may undergo emission-based attenuation correction.

Visualization tools include segmentation, colour coding, and polar maps. Analysis tools
include Quantitative Perfusion SPECT (QPS), Quantitative Gated SPECT (QGS) and
Quantitative Blood Pool Gated SPECT (QBS) measurements, Multi Gated Acquisition
(MUGA) and Heart-to-Mediastinum activity ratio (H/M).

The system also includes reporting tools for formatting findings and user selected areas of
interest. It is capable of processing and displaying the acquired information in traditional
formats, as well as in three-dimensional renderings, and in various forms of animated
sequences, showing kinetic attributes of the imaged organs.

TruSPECT is based on Windows operating system. Due to special customer requirements
and the clinical focus the TruSPECT can be configured with different combinations of
Windows OS based software options and clinical applications which are intended to assist
the physician in diagnosis and/or treatment planning. This includes commercially available
post-processing software packages.

TruSPECT is a processing workstation primarily intended for, but not limited to cardiac
applications. The workstation can be integrated with the D-SPECT cardiac scanner system or
used as a standalone post-processing station.

Technological characteristic:


TruSPECT 's basic functionality for processing and reviewing nuclear medicine and associated CT
images has not changed from its predicate. This capability includes manual and automatic
segmentation to present, localize and/or quantify the distribution of radionuclide tracers and
anatomical structures in patients for diagnostic purposes. Most of these features are designed to
simplify users' workflows.


TruSPECT introduces a new application that focused on specific imaging attenuation technique,
using this basic functionality proposed TruSPECT also enhances existing applications to improve


                                       Spectrum Dynamics Medical Ltd.
                   POB 3033, 22 Bareket Street  Caesarea Industrial Zone, 3079837  Israel
                             Phone #: +972-73-7374500  Fax #: +972-73-7374501
                                            spectrum-dynamics.com

their workflow efficiency using both pre-trained neural networks in the iteration reconstruction
process and traditional algorithms.


 Characteristic              Predicate device              Proposed device
 Workflow               Uses  both, manual and      Continues  use   both,  manual  and
                        automated processes.         automated processes. Also includes a
                                                   new, pre-trained neural networks in the
                                                                 iteration reconstruction process and and
                                                                  traditional algorithms
 AI utilization            Does not contain any AI     Use artificial intelligence including
                           processes/algorithms          nonadaptive machine learning
                                                           algorithms trained with clinical and/or
                                                                             artificial data
 Hardware Needed to       Offered as preinstalled on      Offered as preinstalled on Spectrum
 Support proposed        Spectrum Dynamics           Dynamics workstation or as software
 station                    workstation.                    that can be loaded onto the customer’s
                                                         workstation that meets specification.


The Proposed TruSPECT has identical or equivalent technological characteristics as its predicate
devices. The changes and the different technological characteristics do not raise new or different
questions of safety and effectiveness. The software was developed, verified, and validated under
Spectrum Dynamics Medical’s QMS including software development lifecycle.

Preclinical Validation:

Proposed TruSPECT and its clinical applications successfully completed all design control testing
per Spectrum Dynamics Medical’s quality system and verified compliance with the relevant
standards (i.e. NEMA PS3.1 - 3.20, IEC62304). The testing did not raise any new safety questions
or identify any new risks. TruSPECT is designed and will be manufactured under the Quality
System Regulations of 21CFR 820 and ISO 13485. The following quality assurance measures were
applied to the development of the system:

   −  Risk Analysis
   −  Requirements Reviews
   −  Design Reviews
   − SW Development Lifecycle
   −  Testing on Unit Level (Module Verification)
   −  Integration Testing (System Verification)
   −  Performance Testing (Verification)
   −  Safety testing (Verification)


                                       Spectrum Dynamics Medical Ltd.
                   POB 3033, 22 Bareket Street  Caesarea Industrial Zone, 3079837  Israel
                             Phone #: +972-73-7374500  Fax #: +972-73-7374501
                                            spectrum-dynamics.com

−  Simulated Use Testing (Validation)


The testing and their results do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness than the
predicate device. Spectrum Dynamics Medical believes TruSPECT is of comparable type and
substantially equivalent to the predicate device, and hence is safe and effective for its intended
use. The substantial equivalence also based on software documentation for a "Moderate" level
of concern device.

Clinical Evaluation

TruSPECT did not require clinical studies to support the determination of equivalence. However,
the performance testing for the AI-based algorithm for iteration reconstruction process to
control image attenuation have been evaluated and demonstrates algorithm’s performance and
uses test datasets of representative clinical exams.


The test datasets were comprised of representative clinical exams that were manually accessed
by experienced NM Physicists and Physicians and were used as ground truth. The NM Physicists
and Physicians also performed the algorithm evaluation. They reviewed the results and scored
them using a 5-point Likert scale. The scientific methods used to evaluate the effectiveness of
proposed application are acceptable and support the determination of substantial equivalence.

Substantial Equivalence

The Substantial Equivalence of the proposed device has been demonstrated by:

   −  Review of the proposed Indications for Use shows that they are substantially equivalent
       to the predicate device. Proposed Indications for Use do not create a new Intended Use.
   −  The device description and the comparison of device characteristics show that the
      proposed device has identical or equivalent technological characteristics as its
       predicate.
   −  The testing (engineering and clinical) demonstrates the efficiency of proposed device for
         its intended purpose.


The changes and the different technological characteristics do not raise new or different
questions of safety and effectiveness. The proposed device is as safe and effective as the legally
marketed predicate device as demonstrated by the:

   −  Software verification and validation for a Moderate level of concern, without
      unexpected results.


                                       Spectrum Dynamics Medical Ltd.
                   POB 3033, 22 Bareket Street  Caesarea Industrial Zone, 3079837  Israel
                             Phone #: +972-73-7374500  Fax #: +972-73-7374501
                                            spectrum-dynamics.com

−  Development under quality management system, design control activities including risk
      management.
   −  Device labeling.
   −  Engineering and clinical testing without unexpected results.

Conclusion:


Based on the conformance to standards, development under Spectrum Dynamics quality
system, the successful verification testing, additional engineering testing, and the clinical
evaluation, Spectrum Dynamics Medical believes that the TruSPECT is substantially equivalent
to the predicate device, D-SPECT® Processing and Reviewing Workstation (K160120) and hence
is safe and effective for its intended use.


                                       Spectrum Dynamics Medical Ltd.
                   POB 3033, 22 Bareket Street  Caesarea Industrial Zone, 3079837  Israel
                             Phone #: +972-73-7374500  Fax #: +972-73-7374501
                                            spectrum-dynamics.com