MEDICREA International, Inc.
℅ Carrie Hetrick
Director of Regulatory
Sterling Medical Devices
250 Moonachie Road                                                                   January 12, 2022MOONACHIE NJ 07074

Re: K212005
    Trade/Device Name: UNiD™ Spine Analyzer
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: December 9, 2021
    Received: December 10, 2021

Dear Carrie Hetrick:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K212005 - Carrie Hetrick                                                               Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                            For

                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
Device Name
UNiD™ Spine Analyzer
Indications for Use (Describe)
The UNiD™ Spine Analyzer is intended for assisting healthcare professionals in viewing and measuring images as well
as planning orthopedic surgeries. The device allows surgeons and service providers to perform generic, as well as spine
related measurements on images, and to plan surgical procedures. The device also includes tools for measuring anatomical
components for placement of surgical implants. Clinical judgment and experience are required to properly use the
software.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Summary
                    UNiD Spine
                      Analyzer K212005

1.  Submission Sponsor

   MEDICREA International, Inc.

   5389 Route de Strasbourg - Vancia

    Rillieux La Pape

   69140

    France

2.  Submission Correspondent

    Sterling Medical Devices

   250 Moonachie Road, Suite 400

   Moonachie, NJ 07074

    Office Phone: (201) 227-7569

    Contact: Carrie Hetrick, DDS, MScRSc

     Title: Director of Regulatory Affairs

3.  Date Prepared

    June 25, 2021

4.  Device Identification

    Trade/Proprietary Name:  UNiD Spine Analyzer

   Common/Usual Name:     Medical Image Management and Processing System

    Classification Name:       System, image processing, radiological

    Regulation Number:      21 CFR §892.2050

    Product Code:             LLZ

Device Class:               Class II

    Classification Panel:        Radiology

5.  Legally Marketed Predicate Device

   K180091, MEDICREA International, Inc. UNiD Spine Analyzer v2.0 (primary predicate). This predicate has
    not been subject to a design-related recall1

6.  Indication for Use Statement

   The UNiDTM Spine Analyzer is intended for assisting healthcare professionals in viewing and
   measuring images as well as planning orthopedic surgeries. The device allows surgeons and service
    providers to perform generic, as well as spine related measurements on images, and to plan surgical
    procedures. The device also includes tools for measuring anatomical components for placement of
    surgical implants. Clinical judgment and experience are required to properly use the software.

7.  Device Description

   The MEDICREA UNiD Spine Analyzer was developed to perform preoperative and postoperative patient
   image measurements and simulate preoperative planning steps for spine surgery. This web-based,
    Software  as a Medical Device (SaMD)  application aims to  simulate a  surgical  strategy, make
   measurements on a patient image, and draw patient-specific rods or choose from a pre-selection of
    standard implants and ordering the patient-specific rods. The UNiD Spine Analyzer allows the user to:
        1)     Measure radiological images using generic tools and “specialty” tools
        2)      Plan and simulate aspects of surgical procedures
   The purpose of this submission is to request clearance for the UNiD Spine Analyzer v4.0. The changes
    introduced are as follows:
       •   Addition of the Degenerative Predictive Model, which corresponds to a type of adult spinal fusion
           degenerative construct, trained with a retrospective longitudinal patient dataset.
       •  Update to the existing Adult Predictive Model consisting of three predictive model modules
            trained with retrospective longitudinal patient datasets, where one was included in Adult
           Deformity Model 1 (TKA-12) and two included in Adult Deformity Model 2 (PTA-12 and PTA-34).
       •  Update to the existing Pediatric Predictive Model consisting of two predictive model modules
            trained with retrospective longitudinal patient datasets (PediaLL and PediaPT).


      1 On July 9, 2012, section 605 of FDASIA (Pub. L. 112-144) added section 518A to the FD&C Act, which directs FDA to establish a
    program to routinely and systematically assess information regarding device recalls, and to use that information to proactively
     identify strategies for mitigating health risks presented by defective or unsafe devices. FDA believes that one way to carry out
     this directive is to provide greater transparency on recalled devices. Identifying whether a predicate was recalled is optional, but
    doing so would help the Agency achieve this FDASIA directive.

•   Addition of the display of a Predicted Value derived from a static machine-learning based model
         when the user views simulated quantitative radiographic parameters of a planned surgery,
           generated when the Degenerative, Adult or Pediatric Predictive Models are used.
       •  The subject device update also includes the addition of a selection of implant templates among a
           preselected database of Medtronic standard implants cleared in in the following 510(k)s:
          K073291, K083026, K091813, K100175, K110543, K113528, K120368, K150135, K152277,
          K172199, K172328, and K201267.
8.  Substantial Equivalence Discussion

   The following table compares the UNiD Spine Analyzer v4.0 to the UNiD Spine Analyzer v2.0 predicate
    device with respect to indications for use, features, and technological characteristics.

                             Table 5A – Substantial Equivalence Comparison

                         Subject Device                         Predicate Device
                   MEDICREA UNiD™ Spine Analyzer v4.0  MEDICREA UNiD™ Spine Analyzer v2.0
 Manufacturer        MEDICREA International, Inc.         MEDICREA International, Inc.
 510(k) Number        To be determined                   K180091 (Special)
 Device Class                     II                                                                 II
 Product Code(s)        LLZ                                   LLZ
 Regulation            Medical Image Management and        Picture Archiving and Communication
 Description             Processing System (MIMPS)            System (PACS)
 Regulation Number    21 CFR §892.2050                   21 CFR §892.2050
 Indications for use:     The UNiD Spine Analyzer is intended    The UNiD Spine Analyzer is intended
                           for assisting healthcare professionals     for assisting healthcare professionals
                             in viewing and measuring images as      in viewing and measuring images as
                          well as planning orthopedic surgeries.    well as planning orthopedic surgeries.
                     The device allows surgeons and service  The device allows surgeons and service
                         providers to perform generic, as well     providers to perform generic, as well
                         as spine related measurements on       as spine related measurements on
                        images, and to plan surgical             images, and to plan surgical
                        procedures. The device also includes     procedures. The device also includes
                           tools for measuring anatomical           tools for measuring anatomical
                     components for placement of surgical   components for placement of surgical
                          implants. Clinical judgment and          implants. Clinical judgment and
                        experience are required to properly     experience are required to properly
                       use the software.                     use the software.
 Computer            PC Compatible                     PC Compatible
 Operating System     Windows + MAC                   Windows + MAC
 Image Input             Local                                   Local

Subject Device                         Predicate Device
                   MEDICREA UNiD™ Spine Analyzer v4.0  MEDICREA UNiD™ Spine Analyzer v2.0
Runs on Server         Yes                                  Yes
Osteotomy Module     Yes                                  Yes
Generic            No additional changes                The measurement panel allows a user
measurements                                                to view the measured values of each
                                                                        tool. The device allows surgeons and
                                                                   service providers to perform generic,
                                                              as well as spine related measurements
                                                   on images, and to plan surgical
                                                             procedures. The device also includes
                                                                   tools for measuring anatomical
                                                      components for placement of surgical
                                                                 implants. Complementary to the preop measure, this panel also displays
                                                            the simulated values and shows the
                                                          normative value. Quality for the
                                                    measurement is given coloring, the
                                                             simulated values depending on
                                                              reference values.
Spine measurements   MEASURING TOOLS: Contains all      MEASURING TOOLS: Contains all
                    measurement tools (angle, LLordo,     measurement tools (angle, LLordo,
                              line, circle, pelvic, T1SPi, SVA)              line, circle, pelvic, T1SPi, SVA).
                 New features internally documented
                    and released include SA Analysis,
                           Sagittal wizard, Coronal wizard,
                          Transitional anatomy, Cervical, Lenke
                            classification, and Guide spline.
Pre-operative         SURGICAL TOOLS: Contains all surgery   SURGICAL TOOLS: Contains all surgery
planning                 tools (wedge, open, resect)              tools (wedge, open, resect).
                 New features internally documented
                    and released include wedge auto,
                    open auto, and resect auto surgical
                           tools.
Custom implants       IMPLANTS: Contains all implants (UNiD  IMPLANTS: Contains all implants (UNiD
                      Rod, cage, cage selection, screw, screw  Rod, cage, cage selection, screw, screw
                           selection).                                selection)
                 New features internally documented
                    and released include UNiD Rod Auto,
                      cage auto, screw wizard, and postop
                       screw.
Database              Yes (implants)                        Yes (implants)

Subject Device                         Predicate Device
                   MEDICREA UNiD™ Spine Analyzer v4.0  MEDICREA UNiD™ Spine Analyzer v2.0
                     The subject device update also
                          includes the addition of a selection of
                        implant templates among a
                         preselected database of Medtronic
                        standard implants cleared in in the
                          following 510(k)s: K073291, K083026,
                       K091813, K100175, K110543, K113528,
                       K120368, K150135, K152277, K172199,
                       K172328, and K201267.
 Case sharing           Yes                                  Yes
 Human intervention    Required                             Required
 for interpretation and
 manipulation of
 images
 Web content           Yes                                  Yes
 Reference               Display of reference data to user         Display of reference data to user
 information provided   during surgery planning:                during surgery planning:
 to user during surgical  Normative data                      Normative data
 planning                           Predictive model outputs from one of
                        three predictive models, depending on
                       procedure type (degenerative, adult
                         deformity, pediatric deformity)


The new predictive models provide an additional tool to account for predicted spinal compensation when
planning surgery; their use is similar to the display of reference and normative data, and does not raise new
questions of safety and effectiveness when considered with existing methods of managing spinal
compensation. Predictions are radiographic and do not include patient reported outcomes (e.g., ODI scores).

8. Non-Clinical Performance Data

The device’s software development, verification, and validation have been carried out in accordance with
FDA guidelines. The software was tested against the established Software Design Specifications for each
of the test plans to assure the device performs as intended. The device Hazard analysis was completed
per ISO 14971, Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices and IEC 62304, Medical Device
Software – Software Life-Cycle Processes, and risk control implemented to mitigate identified hazards. The
testing results support that all the software specifications have met the acceptance criteria of each
module and interaction of processes. The MEDICREA UNiD Spine Analyzer device passed all testing and
supports the claims of substantial equivalence and safe operation.

Validation activities included a usability study of the UNiD Spine Analyzer under actual use. The study
demonstrated:

                -   Comprehension of the Health Care professional with the UNiD Spine Analyzer,
                -   Appropriate human factors related to the UNiD Spine Analyzer, and
                -   Ease of use of the UNiD Spine Analyzer.

 9.  Clinical Performance Data

    There was no human clinical testing required to support the medical device as the indications for use is
     identical to the predicate device. These types of devices, including the predicate device, have been on the
    market for many years with proven safety and efficacy for the use of the device. The non-clinical testing
     detailed in this submission supports the substantial equivalence of the device.

 10. Conclusions

    By definition, a device is substantially equivalent to a predicate device when the device has the same
    intended use and the same technological characteristics as the previously cleared predicate device. Or the
     device has the same intended use and different technological characteristics that can be demonstrated
     that the device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, and that the new device does not raise
     additional questions regarding its safety and effectiveness as compared to the predicate device(s).

    The intended use and indications for use of the subject device is identical to the predicate device. The
     addition of the new features, consisting of measuring tool functionality and predictive models, to the
     device does not raise new issues of safety or effectiveness compared to the previously cleared versions
     of the device. Therefore, the UNiD Spine Analyzer v4.0 is determined to be substantially equivalent to the
    company’s own legally marketed predicate device.