Qure.ai Technologies
℅ Bunty Kundnani                                      December 21, 2021
Head of Regulatory Affairs
Level 7, Commerz II,
International Business Park
Oberoi Garden City, Goregaon (E)
Mumbai, Maharashtra 400063
INDIA

Re: K212690
    Trade/Device Name: qXR-BT
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: November 22, 2021
    Received: November 24, 2021

Dear Bunty Kundnani:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K212690 - Bunty Kundnani                                                             Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,

                                  Julie Sullivan -S
                                                   for
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K212690
Device Name
qXR-BT
Indications for Use (Describe)
The qXR-BT device is intended to generate a secondary digital chest X-ray image that facilitates confirmation of the
position of a breathing tube and an anatomical landmark on adult chest X-rays. This device is intended for use by licensed
physicians who are trained in the evaluation of breathing tube placement on chest X-rays. The qXR-BT image provides
adjunctive information and is not a substitute for the original PA/AP image.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K212690


                                      510(k) SUMMARY
                                         Qure.ai’s qXR-BT

1   SUBMITTER


Qure.ai Technologies
Level 7, Commerz II,
International Business Park
Oberoi Garden City, Goregaon (E),
Mumbai 400 063
Phone: +91-9768123013
Contact Person: Bunty Kundnani

Date Prepared: November 22, 2021


2   DEVICE

       Name of Device:  qXR-BT

 Common or Usual Name:  Automated Radiological Image Processing Software

       Classification Name:  Medical image management and processing system

         Regulatory Class:   Class II

       Regulation Number:  21 CFR 892.2050

           Product Code:  QIH


3   PREDICATE DEVICE

       Name of Device:  ClearRead+Confirm Image Processing System

           Manufacturer:  Riverain Technologies LLC

           510(k) Number:  K123526


4   INTENDED USE / INDICATIONS FOR USE:

The qXR-BT device is intended to generate a secondary digital chest X-ray image that facilitates
confirmation of the position of a breathing tube and an anatomical landmark on adult chest Xrays. This device is intended for use by licensed physicians who are trained in the evaluation of
breathing tube placement on chest X-rays. The qXR-BT image provides adjunctive information and
is not a substitute for the original PA/AP image.


                                      1

5   DEVICE DESCRIPTION

qXR-BT is a standalone image analysis software used during the review of digital chest
radiographic images, intended to facilitate determining the position of tip of the breathing tube
relative to the carina. Standard of care medical imaging workflows are well established, and
include pre-existing software components such as a PACS, DICOM viewer and imaging worklist;
qXR-BT is designed to integrate with these components.

X-rays are sent to qXR-BT by means of transmission functions within the user’s PACS system. Upon
completion of processing, the qXR-BT device returns results to the user’s PACS or other userspecified radiology software system or database.

The input to the qXR-BT device is a chest X-ray (AP and PA, referred to as frontal) in digital imaging
and communications in medicine (DICOM) format.

The qXR-BT device produces PDF and DICOM format outputs that enable users to view the
position of a breathing tube and an anatomical landmark (carina).

The PDF format output contains preview images that show segmented structures outlined with a
textual report describing the structures detected. The text report is restricted to the presence or
absence of the breathing tubes and the carina as detected by the software device.

The DICOM format output consists of a single complete additional DICOM series for each input
scan. This DICOM output contains labeled overlays indicating the location and extent of the
segmentable structures, suitable for viewing in the PACS or radiology viewer.

The qXR-BT analysis module consists of a set of pre-trained convolutional neural networks (CNNs),
that form the core processing component shown in Figure 1. This core processing component is
coupled with a pre-processing module to prepare input DICOMs for processing by the CNNs and a
post-processing module to convert the output into visual and tabular format for users.

                        Figure 1: Schematic showing the design of qXR-BT device


6   COMPARISON WITH PREDICATE DEVICE

Like the potential predicate devices, qXR-BT facilitates the confirmation of placement of a
medically inserted tube on chest X-rays. In terms of establishing substantial equivalence, the
subject and predicate device have the same intended use, as an image processing tool that
generates a secondary digital radiographic image to facilitate the confirmation of the position of


                                      2

medically inserted tube. The indications for use proposed for the subject device are similar to
      those of the predicate device, with the primary difference being that the predicate device is
      intended to facilitate the confirmation of multiple types of lines, tubes, and wires, while the
       subject device is intended to facilitate the confirmation of only one type of tube, viz. breathing
       tubes.

                   Table 1: Comparison between qXR-BT and the Predicate Device

                           Predicate Device              Subject Device
                          ClearRead+Confirm          qXR-BT
                          (K123526)

Device Name               ClearRead+Confirm           qXR-BT
510(k) Number            K123526                  K212690
Regulation               21 CFR 892.2050            21 CFR 892.2050
Regulation Description      Medical image management   Medical image management and
                        and processing system         processing system

                            Formerly: Picture archiving
                        and communications system
Product Code               LLZ                       QIH
Device type                  Radiological Image           Automated Radiological Image
                            Processing System             Processing Software
Manufacturer                Riverain Technologies          Qure.ai Technologies
Intended use / Indications  ClearRead+Confirm is        The qXR-BT device is intended to
for Use                    intended to generate an       generate a secondary digital chest Xenhanced, secondary digital    ray image that facilitates
                            radiographic image of the     confirmation of the position of a
                            chest to facilitate             breathing tube and an anatomical
                            confirmation of line/tubes.    landmark on adult chest X-rays. This
                        The enhanced AP or PA        device is intended for use by licensed
                        image of the chest provides    physicians who are trained in the
                         improved visibility of lines      evaluation of breathing tube
                       and tubes. The ClearRead     placement on chest X-rays. The qXR-
                          +Confirm image provides     BT image provides adjunctive
                             adjunctive information and    information and is not a substitute
                                       is not a substitute for the       for the original PA/AP image.
                               original PA/AP image. This
                            device is intended to be used
                         by trained professionals,
                          such as physicians,
                               radiologists, and technicians,
                       on patients with lines and
                           tubes and is not intended to
                        be used on pediatric
                              patients.
Modality                      Digital chest radiograph         Digital chest radiograph
Input format           DICOM                 DICOM


                                            3

Predicate Device              Subject Device
                          ClearRead+Confirm          qXR-BT
                          (K123526)

Output Format            Secondary digital chest X-ray  Secondary digital chest X-ray image
                        image                    and other Multiple electronic reports
                                                       with localization information of
                                                 segmented structures


Intended User               Physicians, radiologists and    Physicians and radiologists
                             technicians
Hardware             No additional hardware;      qXR-BT is standalone software
                           standalone software device    deployed on-premise or on the
                             that integrates with PACS      cloud, that integrates with PACS or
                                                        other hardware or software imaging                          through DICOM protocols
                                                           platforms, including digital
                                                          radiographic processing systems
                                                     through DICOM protocols
            Comparison of Differences between qXR-BT and the predicate device
Types of lines and tubes     Various medically inserted     Medically inserted breathing tubes
                             tubes, lines, tubes and wires   (tracheal tubes) only
Internal algorithms used    ClearRead+Confirm uses a     qXR-BT uses pre-trained
for image processing and   bone suppression             convolutional neural networks to
the mechanism by which   mechanism with overall       process the images, and the device
                                                               highlights the tip of the tube and thethe output is displayed to   image enhancements to
                                                            carina using markings on thethe clinician              improve the visibility of lines
                                                      secondary image.
                       and tubes and provides no
                         boxes or markings to the
                              user.


      7   TESTING

      Software

      Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provided as
     recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
      Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The software for this device
      has a Moderate level of concern.

      Performance Testing

       Qure.ai performed standalone performance testing to test the accuracy of qXR-BT’s analysis. The
      number of Chest X-ray images used for this performance testing was 162. Table 2 shows
        localization accuracy for the 2 target structures – carina and tip of breathing tube and the
       accuracy of distance measurement between these 2 structures. The ground truth was based on
      manual annotation of three radiologists from United States. For the target structures, the


                                            4

standalone performance exceeded the preset acceptance criteria. The table below shows a
      summary of the results of performance testing.

                            Table 2: Overall Results of Accuracy Testing in mm

 Target          Metric    Mean       Median (10th -   Mean (95% CI)   Success Criteria
 Structure                  (Standard     90th percentile)
 (Number of                 Deviation)
 scans)

 Carina (162)    Absolute   2.15 (1.25)    1.86 (0.63 -       2.15 (1.96 –     Upper bound of
                 Distance                  4.05)             2.35)         95% CI ≤ 3mm

 Tip of          Absolute   1.97 (1.09)    1.8 (0.7 - 3.64)    1.97 (1.80 –     Upper bound of
 Breathing       Distance                                     2.13)         95% CI ≤ 3mm
 Tube (162)

 Distance        Absolute   1.98 (1.41)    1.64 (0.27 -       1.98 (1.76 –     Upper bound of
 between tip     Error                      4.12)             2.20)         95% CI ≤ 6mm
 of breathing
 tube and
 carina (162)

CI = confidence interval


       qXR-BT also passed software validation and system verification checks.

       8   CONCLUSION

       The comparison in Table 2 and the software and performance testing presented above
       demonstrate that the qXR-BT device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                             5