August 8, 2022
ClearPoint Neuro, Inc.
℅ John J. Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LPP
555 Thirteenth St., NW
WASHINGTON DC 20004


Re: K213645
    Trade/Device Name:  ClearPoint MaestroTM Brain Model
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: June 16, 2022
    Received: June 16, 2022

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K213645 - John J. Smith                                                               Page 2


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                                                                    for
                                          Michael D. O’Hara, Ph.D.
                                        Deputy Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                          and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                        Food and Drug Administration                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                     See PRA Statement below                 Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K213645

Device Name

ClearPoint MaestroTM Brain Model
Indications for Use (Describe)

ClearPoint Maestro™ Brain Model is intended for automatic labeling, visualization, volumetric and shape
quantif ication of segmentable brain structures f rom a set of MR images. This software is intended to automate the
process of identifying, labelling, and quantif ying the volume and shape of brain structures visible in MRI images.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
         X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subp art D)   ☐ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subp art C)
                      CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including
          the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and
         complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
          other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human
                                           Services Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                              Page 1 of 1                                          PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K213645                             510(k) Summary
                    ClearPoint Neuro’s ClearPoint MaestroTM Brain Model


Submitter

ClearPoint Neuro, Inc.
5 Musick
Irvine, CA 92618
Phone: (888) 287-9109
Contact Person: Megan Faulkenberry, VP, Quality and Regulatory

Date Prepared: August 5, 2022

Name of Device: ClearPoint MaestroTM Brain Model

Common or Usual Name: System, Image Processing, Radiological

Classification Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System (892.2050)

Regulatory Class: Class II

Product Code: QIH

Predicate Devices

CorTech Labs, Inc. - NeuroQuant (K061855)

Device Description

The ClearPoint MaestroTM Brain Model provides automated image processing of brain structures from
T1-weighted MR images. Specifically, the device automates the manual process of identifying,
labeling, and quantifying the volume and shape of subcortical and cortical structures to simplify the
workflow for MRI segmentation.

The ClearPoint MaestroTM Brain Model consists of the following key functional modules.

      DICOM Read Module
      Segmentation Module
       Visualization Module
       Exporting Module

The segmented brain structures are color coded and overlayed onto the MR images or be displayed
as 3-D triangular mesh representation. The viewing capabilities of the device also provides anatomic
orientation labels (left, right, inferior, superior, anterior, posterior), image slice selection, standard
image manipulation such as contrast adjustment, rotation, zoom, and the  ability to adjust the
transparency of the image overlay.

The output from ClearPoint MaestroTM Brain Model can also exported as a report in PDF format. The
report also provides a comparison of segmented volume to normative values of brain structures based
on reference data.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

ClearPoint MaestroTM Brain Model is intended for automatic labeling, visualization, volumetric and
shape quantification of segmentable brain structures from a set of MR images. This software is
intended to automate the process of identifying, labelling, and quantifying the volume and shape of
brain structures visible in MRI images.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics with Predicate Device

Both ClearPoint MaestroTM Brain Model and NeuroQuant automate MR image post-processing to
provide labeling, visualization, and volumetric quantification of brain structures. Both systems use as
input clinical T1-weighted brain MR scans and automatically provide quantification of brain structures.
The output results are provided in DICOM format and provide the segmented structures as a color-coded
overlay onto the image series. The results can also be exported within a report as a PDF.

There are minor technological differences between the ClearPoint MaestroTM Brain Model and
NeuroQuant. Notably, NeuroQuant performs automatic segmentation and quantification of brain
structures using a probabilistic neuroanatomical atlas based on MR image intensity, while ClearPoint
MaestroTM Brain Model uses shape-constrained segmentation of sub-cortical brain regions, the
hemispheres, and the cerebellum, followed by voxel-wise tissue parcellation of the hemispheres and
the cerebellum into tissue types. However, based on the assessment of device performance, these
minor differences do not affect safety and effectiveness.

Both ClearPoint MaestroTM Brain Model and NeuroQuant are intended to be used by medical
professionals such as radiologists, neurologists, and neuroradiologists as a tool to aid in the
assessment and the simplification of the workflow for MR image segmentation.

Performance Data

The segmentation accuracy and reproducibility of ClearPoint MaestroTM Brain Model was assessed
by comparing the device output to manually labeled data T1-weighted MRI data. The segmentation
accuracy success was defined as Dice coefficient >0.7 and relative volume difference <0.3 between
the device output and manually labeled data for the  full population of the validation data. The
reproducibility success  criteria were defined as absolute volume  differences <15% between
segmentation performed on two repeated scans.

The means of computed Dice coefficients for 21 segmented brain structures in 101 subjects from the
validation dataset were significantly greater than 70%, meeting the acceptance criteria. This result
was observed in both the full population and in all subgroups. The only region with a mean Dice
coefficient less than 70% was the third ventricle, which was attributed to variability in the manual
labeling rather than device performance. This was further supported by the ClearPoint MaestroTM Brain
Model reproducibility results, which showed that the device provided reproducible results while the
manual labeling showed large variability.

The means of computed relative volume differences for 21 segmented brain structures in 101 subjects
from the validation dataset were significantly less than 0.3, meeting the acceptance criteria. This result
was observed in the full population and in all subgroups except one (18-25yo) where the left and right
lateral ventricles were with higher means. That was again attributed to variability in the manual labeling
rather than device performance.

In the reproducibility analysis, absolute volume differences using ClearPoint Maestro Brain Model 1.0
to segment the repeated scans in the 20Repeat data set were less than 10% for all segmented brain
regions, including the third ventricle.

Machine learning derived outputs are the volumes of the gray and white matter in the cerebellum and the
left and right cerebral hemispheres: Cerebellum GM, Cerebellum WM, L Cortical GM, and R Cortical GM,
L Cortical WM, R Cortical WM. The training data was created by the three technical experts at Philips
Research Hamburg. Validation was performed in 101 subjects from the validation dataset, which was
completely independent from the training data created by Philips. All machine learning derived outputs
met the acceptance criteria. Their Dice coefficient was greater than 70% and their mean relative volume
difference was less than 0.3 in both the full population and in all subgroups.

Based on the bench testing performance, the ClearPoint MaestroTM Brain Model has a safety and
effectiveness profile that is similar to the predicate device.

Conclusion

The ClearPoint MaestroTM Brain Model has the same intended uses and similar indications, technological
characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate device. The minor differences in indications
do not alter the intended use of the device and do not affect its safety and effectiveness when used as
labeled. In addition, the minor technological differences between the ClearPoint MaestroTM Brain Model
and its predicate devices raise no new issues of safety or effectiveness. Performance data demonstrate
that the ClearPoint MaestroTM Brain Model is as safe and effective as NeuroQuant. Thus, the ClearPoint
MaestroTM Brain Model is substantially equivalent.