Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
℅ John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street
WASHINGTON DC 20004
                                                                March 21, 2022Re: K213721
    Trade/Device Name: BriefCase
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: February 10, 2022
    Received: February 10, 2022

Dear Dr. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K213721 - John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.                                                     Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                          For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form  Approved: OMB  No.  0910-0120
                        Food and Drug Administration                              Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                      See PRA Statement below

510(k) Number (if known)
K213721
Device Name

BriefCase
Indications for Use (Describe)

BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the analysis of head
CT Angio (CTA) images. The device is intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained medical
specialists in workflow triage by flagging and communication of suspected positive cases of Brain Aneurysm (BA)
findings above 5 mm size.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and flag suspect cases on a standalone desktop
application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is presented with notifications for
suspect cases. Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only and
not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical image and is not
intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on
professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians are responsible for
viewing full images per the standard of care.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

       ☒ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)                              ☐
                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including
          the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and
         complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
          other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human
                                           Services Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (8/14)                             Page 1 of 1                                           PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Summary
                           Aidoc Medical, Ltd.’s BriefCase

Submitter:

       Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
      92 Yigal Alon St.
        Tel-Aviv, Israel
      Phone:             +972-73-7946870

       Contact Person:      N. Epstein, Ph.D.

      Date Prepared:      November 24, 2021

Name of Device:            BriefCase

Classification Name:        Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
                            device

Regulatory Class:          Class II

Product Code:          QAS (21 C.F.R. 892.2080)

Predicate Device:           BriefCase (ICH triage) K203508

Device Description

BriefCase is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device. The software
system is based on an algorithm programmed component and consists of a standard off-the-shelf
operating system, the Microsoft Windows server 2012 64bit, and additional applications, which include
PostgreSQL, DICOM module and the BriefCase Image Processing Application. The device consists
of the following three modules: (1) Aidoc Hospital Server (AHS); (2) Aidoc Cloud Server (ACS); and
(3) Aidoc Worklist Application that is installed on the user’s desktop and provides the user interface in
which notifications from the BriefCase software are received and the worklist is presented.

DICOM images are received, saved, filtered and de-identified before processing.  Filtration matches
metadata fields with keywords. Series are processed chronologically by running the algorithms on
each series to detect suspected cases. The software then flags suspect cases by sending notifications
to the Worklist desktop application, thereby prompting triage and prioritization by the user. As the
BriefCase software platform harbors several triage algorithms, the user may opt to  filter out
notifications by pathology, e.g., a chest radiologist may choose to filter out notifications on LVO cases,
and a neuro-radiologist would opt to divert PE notifications. Where several medical centers are linked
to a shared PACS, a user may read cases for a certain center but not for another, and thus may opt
to filter out notification by center. Activating the filter does not impact the order in which notifications
are presented in the Aidoc worklist application.

The Worklist Application displays the pop-up text notifications of new studies with suspected findings
when they come in. Notifications are in the form of a small pop-up containing patient name, accession
number and the relevant pathology (e.g., BA). A list of all incoming cases with suspected findings is
also displayed. Hovering over a notification or a case in the worklist pops up a compressed, small
black and white, unmarked image that is captioned “not for diagnostic use” and is displayed as a

preview function. This compressed preview is meant for informational purposes only, does not contain
any marking of the findings, and is not intended for primary diagnosis beyond notification.

Presenting the users with notification facilitates earlier triage by prompting them to assess the relevant
original images in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention earlier than would have been
the case in the standard of care practice alone.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the
analysis of head CT Angio (CTA) images. The device is intended to assist hospital networks and
appropriately trained medical specialists  in workflow triage by flagging and communication of
suspected positive cases of Brain Aneurysm (BA) findings above 5 mm size.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and flag suspect cases on a
standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The
user is presented with notifications for suspect cases. Notifications include compressed preview
images  that are meant for informational purposes  only and  not intended  for  diagnostic use
beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical image and is not intended to be
used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and
based on professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified
clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The subject BriefCase for BA triage and the predicate device BriefCase for ICH triage (K203508 -
initially cleared under K180647) are identical in all aspects and defer only with respect to the training
of the algorithm on BA and ICH findings, respectively.

Both devices are radiological computer-aided triage and notification software programs. Both devices
are  artificial intelligence, deep-learning algorithms incorporated software packages for use with
DICOM 3.0 compliant CT scanners, PACS, and radiology workstations.

Both devices are intended to aid in triage and prioritization of radiological images and utilize the same
design of deep learning algorithm trained on medical images. They differ only with regard to the
training on image type, specifically, the predicate device processes head CTs and is indicated for ICH
triage, while the subject device processes head CTA images and is indicated for BA triage. Both
devices are intended to provide the specialists with notifications and unannotated low-quality preview
images of suspect studies for the purpose of preemptive triage.

The subject and predicate BriefCase devices raise the same types of safety and effectiveness
questions, namely, accurate detection of findings within the processed study. It is important to note
that, like the predicate, the subject device neither removes cases from the standard of care reading
queue nor deprioritized cases. Both devices operate in parallel with the standard of care, which
remains the default option for all cases. Following clearance, the company has implemented minor
changes to the User Interface of the device to improve user experience and structuring. A table

comparing the key features of the subject and the primary predicate device is provided below.

                              Table 1. Key Feature Comparison
                          Predicate Device                         Subject Device
                  Aidoc BriefCase for ICH triage           Aidoc Briefcase for BA triage
                            (K203508)

Intended Use /  BriefCase is a radiological computer aided  BriefCase is a radiological computer aided
Indications for   triage and notification software indicated for   triage and notification software indicated for
Use              use in the analysis of non-enhanced head  use in the analysis of head CT Angio (CTA)
           CT images. The device is intended to       images. The device  is intended to assist
                  assist hospital networks and appropriately   hospital networks and appropriately trained
                 trained  medical  specialists  in  workflow  medical  specialists  in workflow  triage by
                  triage by flagging and communication of  flagging and communication of suspected
               suspected positive findings of pathologies   positive  cases  of  Brain Aneurysm  (BA)
                   in head CT images, namely  Intracranial   findings above 5 mm size.
              Hemorrhage (ICH).
                                                         BriefCase  uses an   artificial   intelligence
               BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence       algorithm to analyze images and flag suspect
                 algorithm to analyze images and highlight  cases on a standalone desktop application in
              cases with detected ICH on a standalone   parallel  to  the ongoing standard of  care
               desktop  application  in  parallel  to  the  image interpretation. The user is presented
                                                              with notifications    for   suspect   cases.               ongoing   standard    of   care   image
                                                                  Notifications  include compressed  preview                  interpretation. The user is presented with
                                                    images  that  are  meant for informational                   notifications for cases with suspected ICH
                                                      purposes  only  and  not  intended   for                 findings Notifications include compressed
                                                              diagnostic   use   beyond notification. The               preview  images   that  are  meant   for                                                         device does not alter the original medical                 informational  purposes  only  and  not                                                   image and is not intended to be used as a                intended   for   diagnostic  use  beyond                                                              diagnostic device.
                   notification. The device does not alter the
                   original medical image and is not intended                                                The results of BriefCase are intended to be
                  to be used as a diagnostic device.                                                   used  in  conjunction  with  other  patient
                                                              information  and  based  on  professional
             The results of BriefCase are intended to be  judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of
              used  in  conjunction  with  other  patient  medical  images.  Notified  clinicians  are
                 information and  based on  professional  responsible for viewing full images per the
               judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization  standard of care.
                  of medical images. Notified clinicians are
                responsible for viewing full images per the
               standard of care.

User            Hospital networks and appropriately trained  Hospital networks and appropriately trained
population      medical specialists                        medical specialists

Predicate Device                         Subject Device
                  Aidoc BriefCase for ICH triage           Aidoc Briefcase for BA triage
                            (K203508)

Anatomical    Head                              Head
region of
interest

Data           Non-contrast head CT scans             Head CTA
acquisition
protocol

View DICOM   DICOM Information about the patient, study  DICOM Information about the patient, study
data          and current image                      and current image

Segmentation   No; device does not mark, annotate, or  No; the device does not mark, annotate, or
of region of      direct users’ attention to a specific location   direct users’ attention to a specific location in
interest           in the original image.                        the original image.

Algorithm         Artificial     intelligence    Deep-learning   Artificial intelligence Deep-learning algorithm
                 algorithm with database of images.           with database of images.

Notification/Pri  Yes                                Yes
oritization

Preview         Presentation of a small, compressed, black  Presentation of a small, compressed, black
images        and white preview image that is labeled “Not  and white preview image that is labeled “Not
                   for diagnostic use”.                              for diagnostic use”.

Alteration   of  No                             No
original image

Removal of     No. The device operates in parallel with the  No. The device operates in parallel with the
cases from     standard of care, which remains the default  standard of care, which remains the default
worklist queue   option for all cases.                          option for all cases.

Structure           -  AHS module (image acquisition).            -  AHS module (image acquisition).
                       -  ACS module (image processing).            -  ACS module (image processing).
                       -   Aidoc Worklist application (worklist          -   Aidoc Worklist application (worklist and
                 and Image Viewer).                     Image Viewer).

Performance Data

Pivotal Study Summary

Aidoc conducted a retrospective, blinded, multicenter, multinational study with the BriefCase software
with the primary endpoint to evaluate the software’s performance in identifying head CTs (with and
without contrast) containing Brain Aneurysm from five study sites. 268 cases were selected, 96
positive cases and 172 negative cases (reports on images with Brain Aneurysm versus without Brain
Aneurysm findings) included in the analysis. Performance data were collected on an entirely new data
set of Brain Aneurysm images. Cases and reports were selected that have not been previously
reviewed using BriefCase software. No patient data were reused between the training and the pivotal
datasets. Ground truthing was performed by two US Board-certified radiologists and a third one to
resolve inconsistencies.

Primary Endpoint
Sensitivity and specificity exceeded the 80% performance goal.  Specifically, sensitivity was 88.5%
(95% CI: 80.4%, 94.1%) and specificity was 89.5% (95% CI: 84.0%, 93.7%).

Secondary Endpoint
Briefcase’s potential clinical benefit of worklist prioritization for true positive BA cases was evaluated
by comparing the standard-of-care metric of time-to-exam-open to the software’s time-to-notification
metric for BA, in the study sites where the time-to-exam-open information was available.

 -  The BriefCase time-to-notification includes the time to get the DICOM exam, de-identify it, upload
        it to the cloud, analyze and send a notification on a suspected positive case back to the worklist
     application.
 -  The standard of care time-to-open-exam consists of the time from scan acquisition to when the
     radiologist first opened the exam for review.

The standard of care metric was compared to the BriefCase time-to-notification in the 2 US-based
study sites for 65 True Positive cases (i.e., identified as positive both by the reviewers as well as the
BriefCase device), and the results are reported in the Table 2 below.

The standard of care time-to-exam-open (89.4 minutes: 95% CI: 56.0-122.7; Median 66.0, IQR 50.7)
was significantly longer than the time-to-notification metric of the BriefCase device (4.2 minutes, 95%
CI: 3.9-4.5; Median 4.2, IQR 1.8). The mean difference of 85.2 minutes (95% CI: 51.8-118.6; Median
63.1, IQR 50.1) for these two measures was statistically significant and assuming the user receives a
notification on a true positive BA case and acts on it immediately, it can on average save more than
one hour compared to the time-to-exam-open in a first in first out (FIFO) reading queue. The value of
85.2 is based on the study of 65 cases from 2 study sites and may vary in practice.

Table 2. Time Saving Data
         Parameter          N   Mean    95%     95%                                                             Median  IQR                                    Estimate Lower CL  Upper CL
          Standard of care Time-                             65     89.4       56.0       122.7      66.0    50.7             to- exam-open
          BriefCase BA                             65      4.2        3.9         4.5        4.2     1.8            Time-to-notification
           Difference            65     85.2       51.8       118.6      63.1    50.1

NPV was 98.9% (95% CI: 98.3%-99.6%) and PPV was 42.4% (95% CI: 30.0%-51.7%).
PLR was 8.46% (95% CI: 5.43%-13.18%) and NLR was 0.13 (95% CI: 0.07%-0.22%).

Thus, the reported time savings data demonstrates that radiologists may have the opportunity to be
involved in the clinical workflow substantially earlier due to the notifications from the BriefCase device.
Performance validation data suggest that when using the subject BriefCase for Brain Aneurysm triage,
the user may have significant benefit in time saving compared to the standard of care alone.

Conclusions

The subject BriefCase for BA triage and the predicate BriefCase for ICH triage are intended to aid in
prioritization and triage of radiological images for the indications of Brain Aneurysm and Intracranial
Hemorrhage  respectively. Both devices are software packages  with  the same  technological
characteristics and principles of operation, incorporating deep learning AI algorithms that process
images, and software to send notifications and display unannotated compressed low-quality preview
images. In both devices, the labeling clearly states that the devices are not for diagnostic use and
instruct the user to further evaluate and diagnose based only on the original images in the local PACS.

Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not change
the original image, do not provide any marking on the output preview, do not remove images from the
standard of care FIFO queue and do not de-prioritize cases, thus not disturbing standard interpretation
of the images. Both devices notify the radiologist of time-sensitive critical cases within the range of
several minutes, and thus contribute similarly to the standard of care workflow turnaround time
reduction through preemptive triage.

The BriefCase device for BA triage is thus substantially equivalent to the primary predicate BriefCase
for ICH triage.