September 20, 2022
Imagen Technologies, Inc
℅ Robert Lindsey
Chief Science Officer
151 West 26th Street, 10th Floor
NEW YORK NY 10001


Re: K213353
    Trade/Device Name: Aorta-CAD
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2070
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Analyzer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MYN
    Dated: August 15, 2022
    Received: August 15, 2022

Dear Robert Lindsey:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K213353 - Robert Lindsey                                                              Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                                      Laurel M.
                                   Burk -S
                                             Laurel Burk, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K213353

Device Name
Aorta-CAD


Indications for Use (Describe)
Aorta-CAD is a computer-assisted detection (CADe) software device that analyzes chest radiograph studies for suspicious
regions of interest (ROIs). The device uses a deep learning algorithm to identify ROIs and produces boxes around the
ROIs. The boxes are labeled with one of the following radiographic findings: Aortic calcification or Dilated aorta.

Aorta-CAD is intended for use as a concurrent reading aid for physicians looking for ROIs with radiographic findings
suggestive of Aortic Atherosclerosis or Aortic Ectasia. It does not replace the role of the physician or of other diagnostic
testing in the standard of care. Aorta-CAD is indicated for adults only.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary                                                           Page 1 of 10


In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87(h) (and 21 CFR 807.92) the 510(k) Summary for Aorta-CAD
is provided below.

1.     SUBMITTER

Applicant:                Imagen Technologies, Inc.
                         594 Broadway, #701
                    New York, NY 10012

Contact and Primary         Robert Lindsey, Ph.D.
Correspondent:              Chief Technology Officer

                         Imagen Technologies, Inc.
                         594 Broadway, #701
                    New York, NY 10012
                          917-830-4721
                          rob@imagen.ai

Secondary Correspondent:    Alex J. Cadotte, Ph.D.
                                Director, Software & Digital Health

                 MCRA
                         803 7th Street, NW, 3rd Floor
                           Washington, DC 20001
                          202-742-3828
                          acadotte@mcra.com

Date Prepared:              September 13, 2022


2.     DEVICE

Device Trade Name:       Aorta-CAD

Device Common Name or   Medical Image Analyzer
Classification Name:

Regulation:               21 CFR 892.2070

Regulatory Class:               II

Product Code:        MYN

510(k) Summary                                                           Page 2 of 10

3.     PREDICATE DEVICE
Imagen Technologies’ Chest-CAD has been identified as the predicate device for Aorta-CAD.

4.     DEVICE DESCRIPTION
Aorta-CAD is computer-assisted detection (CADe) software designed for physicians to increase
the accurate detection of findings on chest radiographs that are suggestive of chronic conditions
in the aorta. The ROIs are labeled with one of the following radiographic findings: Aortic
calcification or Dilated aorta. Aorta-CAD is intended for use as a concurrent reading aid for
physicians looking for suspicious ROIs with radiographic findings suggestive of Aortic
Atherosclerosis or Aortic Ectasia. Aorta-CAD’s output is available for physicians as a concurrent
reading aid and does not replace the role of the physician or of other diagnostic testing in the
standard of care for the distinct conditions. Aorta-CAD uses modern deep learning and computer
vision techniques to analyze chest radiographs.
For each image within a study, Aorta-CAD generates a DICOM Presentation State file (output
overlay). If any ROI is detected by Aorta-CAD in the study, the output overlay for each image
includes which radiographic finding(s) were identified and what chronic condition in the aorta is
suggested by these findings, such as “Aortic calcification suggestive of Aortic Atherosclerosis.”
In addition, if ROI(s) are detected in an image, bounding boxes surrounding each detected ROI
are included in the output overlay for that image and are labeled with the radiographic findings,
such as “Aortic calcification”. If no ROI is detected by Aorta-CAD in the study, the output
overlay for each image will include the text “No Aorta-CAD ROI(s)” and no bounding boxes
will be included. Regardless of whether an ROI is detected, the overlay includes text identifying
the X-ray study as analyzed by Aorta-CAD and a customer configurable message containing a
link to our instructions for users to access labeling documents. The Aorta-CAD overlay can be
toggled on or off by the physician within their Picture Archiving and Communication System
(PACS) viewer, allowing for concurrent review of the X-ray study.

5.     INTENDED USE/INDICATIONS FOR USE
Aorta-CAD is a computer-assisted detection (CADe) software device that analyzes chest
radiograph studies for suspicious regions of interest (ROIs). The device uses a deep learning
algorithm to identify ROIs and produce boxes around the ROIs. The boxes are labeled with one
of the following radiographic findings: Aortic calcification or Dilated aorta.
Aorta-CAD is intended for use as a concurrent reading aid for physicians looking for ROIs with
radiographic findings suggestive of Aortic Atherosclerosis or Aortic Ectasia. It does not replace
the role of the physician or of other diagnostic testing in the standard of care. Aorta-CAD is
indicated for adults only.

510(k) Summary                                                           Page 3 of 10

6.     SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE

Comparison of Indications
The predicate device for Aorta-CAD is Chest-CAD (K210666). Chest-CAD has the following
FDA-cleared Indications for Use:
   Chest-CAD is a computer-assisted detection (CADe) software device that analyzes chest
   radiograph studies using machine learning techniques to identify, categorize, and highlight
    suspicious regions of interest (ROI). Any suspicious ROI identified by Chest-CAD is assigned
    to one of the following categories: Cardiac, Mediastinum/Hila, Lungs, Pleura, Bones, Soft
    Tissues, Hardware, or Other. The device is intended for use as a concurrent reading aid for
    physicians. Chest-CAD is indicated for adults only.

Chest-CAD and Aorta-CAD both analyze chest radiographs and both detect ROIs in the chest.
Both devices identify and categorize ROIs. Chest-CAD and Aorta-CAD are indicated for use as
a concurrent reading aid. Both devices are intended as an aid to the physician and not intended to
replace the role of the physician or of other diagnostic testing in the standard of care. The
differences in Indications for Use do not constitute a new intended use, as both devices are
intended to assist physicians by identifying and marking ROIs in chest radiographs.

Technological Comparisons
Table 1 provides a comparison of the Technological Characteristics of Aorta-CAD to the
predicate Chest-CAD.

Table 1:       Technological Comparison

                           Proposed Device                 Predicate

 Number              TBD                        K210666

 Applicant                 Imagen Technologies, Inc.        Imagen Technologies, Inc.

 Device Name              Aorta-CAD                   Chest-CAD

 Classification Regulation     892.2070                        892.2070

 Product Code         MYN                MYN

 Image Modality             X-ray                          X-ray

 Study Type                 Chest                            Chest

 Clinical Output                Identify and mark regions of         Identify and mark regions of
                                    interest (ROIs) on chest              interest (ROIs) on chest
                               radiographs and label the box       radiographs and label the box
                             around the ROI as one of the       around the ROI as one of the
                                following: Aortic calcification or    following: Cardiac,
                                Dilated aorta.                     Mediastinum/Hila, Lungs, Pleura,
                                                              Bones, Soft Tissues, Hardware, or
                                                                   Other.

510(k) Summary                                                           Page 4 of 10


                           Proposed Device                 Predicate

 Intended Users               Physicians                         Physicians

 Intended User Workflow     Device intended for use as a        Device intended for use as a
                               concurrent reading aid for          concurrent reading aid for
                                physicians interpreting chest        physicians interpreting chest
                                radiographs.                        radiographs.

 Patient Population           Adults with Chest Radiographs     Adults with Chest Radiographs

 Machine Learning           Supervised Deep Learning         Supervised Deep Learning
 Methodology

 Platform                    Secure cloud-based processing      Secure cloud-based processing
                            and delivery of chest radiographs   and delivery of chest radiographs

 Image Source                  Digital X-ray                        Digital X-ray

 Image Viewing             Image displayed on PACS system   Image displayed on PACS system

 Privacy                HIPAA Compliant            HIPAA Compliant

As outlined in the table above, Aorta-CAD’s technological characteristics are similar to those of
Chest-CAD. Aorta-CAD differs from Chest-CAD in that Aorta-CAD simultaneously identifies
and categorizes ROIs as one of two categories compared to Chest-CAD which simultaneously
identifies and categorizes ROIs as one of eight categories. The fundamental purpose of both
devices is to identify ROIs on chest X-rays for further consideration by the physicians, and the
differences in technological characteristics do not raise different concerns of safety and
effectiveness.

7.     PERFORMANCE DATA

Biocompatibility Testing

There are no direct or indirect patient-contacting components of the subject device. Therefore,
patient contact information is not needed for this device.

Electrical Safety and Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC)
The subject device is a software-only device. Therefore, electrical safety and EMC testing was
not necessary to establish the substantial equivalence of this device.

Software Verification and Validation Testing
Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provided as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The software level of
concern for Aorta-CAD is Moderate since a malfunction of, or a latent design flaw in, the

510(k) Summary                                                           Page 5 of 10


software device may lead to an erroneous diagnosis or a delay in delivery of appropriate medical
care that would likely lead to Minor Injury.

Bench Testing

Imagen conducted a standalone performance assessment on 5,000 chest radiograph cases
representative of the intended use population. The results of the standalone testing demonstrated
that Aorta-CAD detects ROIs with high sensitivity (0.910; 95% Wilson’s Confidence Interval:
0.896, 0.922), high specificity (0.896; 95% Wilson’s Confidence Interval: 0.889, 0.902), and
high Area Under the Curve (AUC) of the Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve (0.974,
95% Bootstrap Confidence Interval: 0.971, 0.977).
The AUC of the ROC curve was also estimated for each category and Figure 1 shows AUCs
remain high across the two categories (further details in Table 2). The AUC of the ROC curve
was 0.972 for Aortic calcification suggestive of Aortic Atherosclerosis and was 0.948 for Dilated
aorta suggestive of Aortic Ectasia. Sensitivity and specificity were calculated for each category.
As shown in Table 3, sensitivity was 0.922 for Aortic calcification suggestive of Aortic
Atherosclerosis and sensitivity was 0.830 for Dilated aorta suggestive of Aortic Ectasia.
Specificity was 0.897 for Dilated aorta suggestive of Aortic Ectasia and was 0.894 for Aortic
calcification suggestive of Aortic Atherosclerosis. The Free-Response ROC (FROC) curve was
also estimated for each Aorta-CAD category and Figure 2 shows the box-level sensitivity versus
the false positives per image. The FROC curves terminate at the device’s box-level sensitivity
for each category due to the cascaded nature of the Aorta-CAD predictions.

510(k) Summary                                                           Page 6 of 10


Figure 1:     Standalone Results - Aorta-CAD ROC Curve by Category


Table 2:    AUC of the ROC Curve for Aorta-CAD Predictions by Category

                       Ground Truth
 Category                             AUC        95% Bootstrap CI
                               Positive n (%)

 Aortic calcification
 suggestive of Aortic          1662 (33.2)                0.972                 0.967, 0.976
 Atherosclerosis

 Dilated aorta suggestive
                            247 (4.9)                 0.948                 0.939, 0.957
 of Aortic Ectasia

Abbreviations: AUC = Area Under the Curve; CI = Confidence Interval; ROC = Receiver Operating Characteristic.

510(k) Summary                                                           Page 7 of 10


Table 3:        Sensitivity, Specificity, Positive Predictive Value, and Negative Predictive for AortaCAD Predictions by Category

                                                                    Positive          Negative
                             Sensitivity         Specificity
                                                             Predictive Value   Predictive Value
  Category
                   95%         95%         95%          95%
                         Wilson's CI      Wilson's CI      Wilson's CI       Wilson's CI

 Aortic calcification
                            0.922             0.894             0.812              0.958
 suggestive of Aortic
                           (0.908, 0.934)      (0.883, 0.904)      (0.794, 0.829)       (0.951, 0.965) Atherosclerosis

 Dilated aorta
                            0.830             0.897             0.296              0.990
 suggestive of Aortic
                           (0.778, 0.872)      (0.888, 0.906)      (0.263, 0.331)       (0.987, 0.993) Ectasia

Abbreviations: CI = Confidence Interval.


Figure 2:  Standalone Results - Free-Response ROC (FROC) Curve by Aorta-CAD Category

510(k) Summary                                                           Page 8 of 10

Animal Testing
Not applicable. Animal studies are not necessary to establish the substantial equivalence of this
device.

Clinical Data
Imagen conducted a fully-crossed multiple reader, multiple case (MRMC) retrospective reader
study to determine the impact of Aorta-CAD on reader performance in detecting Aortic
calcification suggestive of Aortic Atherosclerosis and Dilated aorta suggestive of Aortic Ectasia
in chest radiograph cases. The primary objective of this study was to determine whether the
accuracy of readers aided by Aorta-CAD (“Aided”) was superior to the accuracy of readers when
unaided by Aorta-CAD (“Unaided”) per category as determined by the case-level Area Under
the Curve (AUC) of the Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve.

Clinical readers each evaluated 244 cases in Aorta-CAD’s Indications for Use under both Aided
and Unaided conditions. Each case was previously evaluated by a panel of U.S. board-certified
radiologists who assigned a ground truth binary label indicating the presence or absence of
Aortic calcification suggestive of Aortic Atherosclerosis and Dilated aorta suggestive of Aortic
Ectasia. The MRMC study consisted of two independent reading sessions separated by a washout
period of at least 28 days in order to avoid memory bias. For each case, each reader was required
to provide a binary determination of the presence or absence of an ROI for each category and to
provide a confidence score representing their certainty.
The accuracy of readers in the intended use population was superior when aided by Aorta-CAD
than when unaided by Aorta-CAD for each category as calculated by the Dorfman, Berbaum,
and Metz (DBM) modeling approach. The results of the clinical study are shown in Figure 3 and
Figure 4.

510(k) Summary                                                           Page 9 of 10


Figure 3:     Reader Study Results - Aided and Unaided ROC Curves for Aortic calcification
               suggestive of Aortic Atherosclerosis


 Figure 4:    Reader Study Results - Aided and Unaided ROC Curves for Dilated aorta
               suggestive of Aortic Ectasia

510(k) Summary                                                          Page 10 of 10


In particular, the clinical study results demonstrated improvements when Aided versus Unaided:

  ●  Reader AUC estimates significantly improved for both categories (p-values < 0.001).
  ●  Reader AUC improvement for Aortic calcification suggestive of Aortic Atherosclerosis
      was 0.0984 (95% Confidence Interval: 0.0984, 0.0985) and for Dilated aorta suggestive
       of Aortic Ectasia was 0.0885 (95% Confidence Interval: 0.0885, 0.0886).

8.     CONCLUSIONS
The conclusions drawn from the standalone and clinical studies demonstrate that Aorta-CAD is
as safe, as effective, and performs as well as Chest-CAD. The special controls for the Medical
Image Analyzer (CADe) 21 CFR 892.2070 regulation are satisfied by demonstrating
effectiveness of the device in both the standalone testing and the clinical testing, showing
superiority of Aided versus Unaided reads in the clinical testing, and communicating testing
results in the labeling. Aorta-CAD’s technological characteristics, including but not limited to
the intended end-users, imaging modality, output display on X-ray studies, and assistive
functionality during chest radiograph interpretation workflows, are similar to those of ChestCAD. The technological differences identified and discussed in §6 do not raise different
concerns of safety and effectiveness. Thus, Aorta-CAD is substantially equivalent to Chest-CAD
for the intended use of computer-assisted detection.