April 22, 2022
NanoxAI Ltd.
℅ Shlomit Cymbalista
Head of Regulatory Affairs
Shefayim Commercial Center, PO Box 25
Shefayim, 6099000
ISRAEL

Re: K213944
    Trade/Device Name: HealthOST
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: March 20, 2022
    Received: March 23, 2022

Dear Shlomit Cymbalista:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K213944 - Shlomit Cymbalista                                                          Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                                                                                 Digitally signed by
                                                                         Laurel M. Burk -S
                                                                       Date: 2022.04.22
                                                                       13:53:43 -04'00'
                                             Laurel Burk, Ph.D
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-ray Systems Team
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K213944

Device Name
HealthOST


Indications for Use (Describe)
HealthOST is an image processing software that provides qualitative and quantitative analysis of the spine from CT
images to support clinicians in the evaluation and assessment of musculoskeletal disease of the spine. The HealthOST
software provides the following functionality:
-Labelling of T1-L4 vertebrae
-Measurement of height loss in each vertebra (T1-L4)
-Measurement of the mean Hounsfield Units (HU) in volume of interest within vertebra (T11-L4)
HealthOST is indicated for use in patients aged 50 and over undergoing CT scan for any clinical indication, that includes
at least four vertebrae in the T1-L4 portion of the spine (for vertebral height loss) and T11-L4 (for bone attenuation)
portions of the spine.
The device is indicated for FBP-reconstructed images only.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(K) Summary - HealthOST
                              Nanox AI Ltd.

                               510(k) Number - K213944

Applicant’s Name:
Nano-X AI Ltd.
Shefayim Commercial Center
PO Box 25
Shefayim, 6099000
ISRAEL
Telephone: +972-9-8827795
 Fax: +972-9-8827795

Date Prepared:         April 21, 2022

Device Trade Name:   HealthOST

Regulation Number:
21 CFR 892.1750

Regulation Name and Product Code:
JAK - Computed tomography x-ray system

Regulatory Class:
Class II, Radiology

Predicate Device:

The HealthOST device is substantially equivalent to the following Predicate Device:

 Proprietary Name                              Predicate Device:
                                        AI-Rad Companion (Musculoskeletal)
 Premarket Notification                   K193267
 Classification Name                      Computed tomography x-ray system.
 Regulation Number                       21 CFR 892.1750
 Product Code                       JAK
 Regulatory Class                                      II


Performance Standards:

No performance standards have been established for such device under Section 514 of the Federal
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act.


Intended Use/Indication for Use:

HealthOST is an image processing software that provides qualitative and quantitative analysis of
the spine from CT images to support clinicians in the evaluation and assessment of musculoskeletal
disease of the spine. The HealthOST software provides the following functionality:

-Labelling of T1-L4 vertebrae
-Measurement of height loss in each vertebra (T1-L4)
-Measurement of the mean Hounsfield Units (HU) in volume of interest within vertebra (T11-L4)


HealthOST is indicated for use in patients aged 50 and over undergoing CT scan for any clinical
indication, that includes at least four vertebrae in the T1-L4 portion of the spine (for vertebral
height loss) and T11-L4 (for bone attenuation) portions of the spine.

The device is indicated for FBP-reconstructed images only.


Device Description:

HealthOST is an image processing software that provides qualitative and quantitative analysis of
the spine from CT images to support clinicians in the evaluation and assessment of
musculoskeletal disease of the spine.

HealthOST does this by analyzing CT scans of patients aged 50 and above being performed for
any clinical indication and providing the following outputs for each analyzed vertebra

    1. The vertebral name, e.g. “L3”
    2. The percentage of vertebral height loss, calculated as:


      from three vertebral height measurements placed at the anterior, middle and posterior
       aspects of the vertebral body, at the point nearest to the center of the vertebral body.

      The height loss measurement is provided for every complete vertebra in the range of T1-
       L4. Height loss above the height loss display threshold will be indicated to the user. The

height loss display threshold is configurable per installation from a predefined list, with the
        default set at >20% height loss. In addition, vertebrae without height loss but with
        significant height deviation from neighboring vertebrae will be displayed to the user.

    3. The mean hounsfield unit vertebral bone attenuation, calculated by taking the mean HU
      from a volume of interest of the trabecular bone. This measurement is provided for every
       complete vertebrae in the range of T11-L4. HU bone attenuation below a set bone
       attenuation display threshold will be indicated to the user. The bone attenuation display
       threshold is configurable per installation from a predefined list.


The following modules compose the HealthOST software:

Data input and validation: Following retrieval of a study, the validation feature assessed the
input data (i.e. age, modality, view, etc.) to ensure compatibility for processing by the algorithm.

HealthOST algorithm: Once a study has been validated, the algorithm analyzes the CT for
analysis and quantification.

IMA Integration feature: The study analysis and the results of a successful study analysis is
provided to IMA.

Error codes feature: In the case of a study failure during data validation or the analysis by the
algorithm, an error is provided to the system.

Use of axial scans for analysis is only intended as a “back up” in cases that a sagittal scan is not
available in the study.

Performance Data:

The HealthOST was designed and manufactured under the Quality System Regulations as outlined
in 21 CFR § 820.

Safety and performance of HealthOST has been evaluated and verified in accordance with software
specifications and  applicable  performance  standards  through  Software Development and
Validation & Verification Process to ensure performance according to specifications, User
Requirements and Federal Regulations and Guidance documents, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”.

The HealthOST device performance was evaluated in a stand-alone retrospective study of its
performance compared to the established ground truth and respective to the predicate device. The
validation data-set included a truthed and enriched sample of 150 anonymized CT scans including
a minimum of four vertebrae between T1 to L4 from two healthcare institutions composed of
multiple clinical sites in the US and OUS. The sample included sufficient representation from
across the disease spectrum for the two key measurement parameters provided by the device,

namely vertebral height, and mean trabecular bone attenuation (measured in Hounsfield Units).
Ground truth measurements were determined by the three US board-certified radiologists.

The objective of this study was to establish the safety, effectiveness and substantial equivalence
of  the HealthOST  software  as compared  to  the  predicate  device (AI-Rad Companion
(Musculoskeletal),  K193267)). The HealthOST  overall  performance was  determined by
comparing the device output measurements, to the ground truth measurements. The validation
data-set included 150 cases, that included 1425 vertebrae.

The HealthOST device demonstrated an overall agreement for vertebral naming of 91.49% (95%
CI: [89.91%, 92.89%]) exceeding the stated performance goal. The method comparison analysis
demonstrated 95% limits of agreement (LOA) for the HealthOST height loss of [-7.98, 7.36],
within the stated performance goal and 91.86% of the differences between HealthOST and the GT
lie within the ground truthers LOA’s, which is substantially equivalent to the predicate device
(K193267). There was 91.28% overall agreement between HealthOST and the ground truth in
differentiating height loss above and below 20%, exceeding the stated performance goal. Finally,
HealthOST demonstrated 95% limits of agreement (LOA) for the bone attenuation of [-20.83,
18.29] which exceeded the stated performance goal however was superior to the [-21.17, 17.19]
LOA demonstrated between the ground truthers. In addition, 96.06% of the differences between
HealthOST and the GT lie within the ground truthers LOA’s. The reported LOA’s by the subject
devices are similar to those reported by the predicate device (K193267). All CT data across, slice
thickness,  slice increment, exposure, KVP and manufacturers were well supported by the
HealthOST device.

Specifically, the dataset included 33 axial cases (22.45%), of which 14 has slice thickness between
0-1.5mm, and 19 cases had slice thickness 1.5-3.1 mm. The 16 of the axial scans had a slice
increment of 0-1.5mm and 17 scans had a slice increment of  1.5-3.1mm. For axial scans, the
HealthOST device demonstrated an overall agreement for vertebral naming of 92.19% (95% CI
[89.31% ,95.07%]) exceeding the stated performance goal. Regarding the performance of
HealthOST on height loss in axial scans, 94.81% of the differences between HealthOST and the
GT lie within the ground truthers LOA’s, and there was an overall agreement of 91.89% between
the HealthOST and ground truth in differentiating height loss above and below 20%. In axial scans,
HealthOST demonstrated 95% limits of agreement (LOA) for the bone attenuation of [-15.78,
12.21]. Finally, 96.06% of the differences between HealthOST and the GT lie within the ground
truthers LOA’s.

A secondary testing dataset from an additional, representative US data source demonstrated device
performance across all metrics was generalizable to US populations.

In conclusion, this study demonstrated the HealthOST overall agreement and limits of agreement
with respect to the ground truth spinal measurements and establishes its safety and effectiveness,
while demonstrating substantial equivalence to the predicate device.  It also validated the

performance of the HealthOST device across important cohorts, and applicable subsets of imaging
acquisition characteristics.


Technological Characteristics Compared to Predicate Device:

We believe that the HealthOST device is substantially equivalent to the AI-Rad Companion
(Musculoskeletal) K193267.

                  Proposed Device:                   Primary Predicate Device:
                 HealthOST Device                 AI-Rad Companion
                                                           (Musculoskeletal) (K193267)

 Intended    Use/  HealthOST  is  an  image  processing  AI-Rad Companion (Musculoskeletal)
 Indications    for  software that provides qualitative and   is an image processing software that
 Use                  quantitative analysis of the spine from  provides  quantitative  and  qualitative
              CT images to support clinicians in the  analysis  from   previously  acquired
                      evaluation    and    assessment    of  Computed   Tomography   DICOM
                     musculoskeletal disease of the spine.  images  to  support  radiologists  and
                  The HealthOST software provides the  physicians from emergency medicine,
                     following functionality:                   specialty care, urgent care, and general
                       •   Labelling of T1-L4 vertebrae     practice   in   the   evaluation   and
                       •  Measurement of height loss in  assessment of musculoskeletal disease.
                           each vertebra (T1-L4)                It provides the following functionality:
                       •  Measurement     of    mean   • Segmentation of vertebras
                            Hounsfield Units in volume of   • Labelling of vertebras
                                  interest within vertebra (T11-   • Measurements  of  heights  in  each
                          L4)                              vertebra  and  indication  if  they  are
                  HealthOST  is  indicated  for  use  in   critically different
                        patients aged 50 and over undergoing   • Measurement  of mean  Hounsfield
              CT scan for any clinical indication that  value  in volume  of  interest  within
                      includes at least two vertebrae in the T1-   vertebra.
                L4 portion of the spine (for vertebral  Only DICOM images of adult patients
                      height loss) and/or T11-L4 (for bone  are considered to be valid input
                       attenuation) portions of the spine.
                  The  device   is  indicated  for  FBPreconstructed images only.


The intended use is equivalent to the predicate device in that both devices perform both qualitative
and quantitative analysis of the spine for the evaluation and assessment of musculoskeletal disease
using an artificial intelligence algorithm. Both devices perform labeling of vertebrae, measurement
of the vertebral height, and measurement of Hounsfield Units within the vertebrae. Both devices
highlight vertebrae with calculated height deviations deemed different in accordance with the

Genant criteria. This information is output to the user. Neither device is intended to be used as a
standalone diagnostic tool, but provides additional information the physician can use for further
clinical management. Both devices are indicated for adult CT scans in DICOM format.

Based on the above, HealthOST has the same intended use and the substantially equivalent
indications for use as the predicate device (AI-Rad Companion (Musculoskeletal), K193267).


Comparison of Technological Characteristics

 Technological         Proposed Device:      Primary Predicate     Summary
 Characteristics        HealthOST Device      Device:
                                         AI-Rad Companion
                                                 (Musculoskeletal)
                                            (K193267)
 Regulation

 Product Code        JAK              JAK                Same

 Regulation Number     21 CFR §892.1750      21 CFR §892.1750

 General

 Modality           CT               CT                 Same

 Image format        DICOM           DICOM             Same

 Analysis and Measurement
 Detection of Vertebra    Yes                  Yes                Same


 Labeling of Vertebra    Yes                  Yes                Same


 Segmentation of         Deep-learning-based     Deep-learning-based    Same
 Vertebra                segmentation of          segmentation of
                            vertebras                 vertebras
 Measurement of         Yes, comparison with    Yes, comparison with   Same
 Vertebral Heights        neighboring             neighboring
                        measurements           measurements.
                          Application of Genant    Application of Genant
                                 criteria, indication if       criteria, indication if
                                critically different          critically different

Measurement of      HU measurements    HU measurements        Similar, the subject
 Hounsfield (HU) value   based on segmentation   based on segmentation    device highlights HU
                              results                      results                   outside of reference
                            Indication to user if                                 range. This does not
                           outside reference range                                raise new questions of
                                                                                  safety and
                                                                                   effectiveness.
 Reporting

 Device output            1.  Vertebrae             1.  Vertebrae              Similar, new
                            label/name              label/name            information does not
                            2.  3 lines representing   2.  3 lines representing    raise new questions of
                               the anterior, middle,      the anterior, middle,   safety and
                          and posterior points      and posterior points    effectiveness.
                            measures, together       measures, together
                            with relative             with relative
                          measurements          measurements
                            3. % Height loss and    3.  Bone density
                                 relative Genant         measured in HU
                             category (20)
                            4.  Bone density
                          measured in HU


The predicate devices and the subject HealthOST device are all standalone software devices that
are intended for the same purpose, i.e.: to perform quantitative and qualitative analysis of the spine
in CTs. Both devices are DICOM-compliant software devices incorporated into the radiology
infrastructure of a clinical center. The devices all utilize an artificial intelligence algorithm and run
on adult CT scans.

Both the subject device and predicate device perform segmentation and naming of the vertebrae,
measurement of vertebral height and bone density as measured in HU within the vertebrae. In
addition, both devices indicate if there is a critical difference in height as applied through the
Genant criteria. In both devices, the procedure is performed in parallel to and in conjunction with
the standard processing of image storage and availability for clinician assessment.

Nano-X AI Ltd. believes that the technological characteristics of the subject device described
above raise the same types of safety and/or effectiveness questions as the predicate. The
verification and validation tests, in addition to the stand-alone performance assessment of the
HealthOST Device demonstrate  that  the HealthOST Device performance  is  substantially
equivalent to the predicate device.

Conclusion:

Based on the information submitted in this premarket notification, and based on the indications for
use, technological characteristics, and performance testing, HealthOST device raises no new
questions of safety and effectiveness and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in terms
of safety, efficacy, and performance.

The results of the performance comparison study demonstrated that the HealthOST device
performs as intended, similarly to the predicate device. The HealthOST device is therefore
substantially equivalent to the predicate device.