June 8, 2022

GE Medical Systems, LLC
℅ Glen Sabin
Regulatory Affairs Director
3200 N Grandview Blvd.
Waukesha, Wisconsin 53188


Re: K213717
    Trade/Device Name: AIR Recon DL
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH
    Dated: May 9, 2022
    Received: May 10, 2022

Dear Glen Sabin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K213717 - Glen Sabin                                                                 Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                                                                    for
                                          Michael D. O’Hara, Ph.D.
                                        Deputy Director
                             DHT 8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                          and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                         and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K213717
Device Name
AIR Recon DL
Indications for Use (Describe)
AIR Recon DL is a deep learning based reconstruction technique that is available for use on GE Healthcare 1.5T, 3.0T,
and 7.0T MR systems. AIR Recon DL reduces noise and ringing (truncation artifacts) in MR images, which can be used
to reduce scan time and improve image quality. AIR Recon DL is intended for use with all anatomies, and for patients of
all ages. Depending on the anatomy of interest being imaged, contrast agents may be used.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
[x] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) | Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF
Page 4-2 (Section 4, Page 2 of 2)

AIR Recon DL
                                                            510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                  K213717
                      510(k) Summary

   In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:


Date:                     6 June 2022

Submitter:             GE Medical Systems, LLC
                          3200 N. Grandview Blvd.
                          Waukesha, WI 53188

Primary Contact:            Glen Sabin
                             Regulatory Affairs Director
                           Phone: 262 894-4968
                               Email: Glen.Sabin@GE.com

Secondary Contact:        Andrew Menden
                             Senior Regulatory Affairs Manager
                           Phone: 262 308-5719
                               Email: Andrew.Menden@GE.com

Device Trade Name:        AIR Recon DL

Common / Usual Name:    MR System

Classification Name:         Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
  Regulation Number:      21 CFR 892.1000
  Primary Product Code:   LNH

Predicate Device:
  510(k) Number:          K193282
  Device Name:          SIGNA Premier
  Manufacturer:         GE Medical Systems, LLC

Reference Devices:
  510(k) Number:          K202238
  Device Name:          SIGNA Artist
  Manufacturer:         GE Medical Systems, LLC

  510(k) Number:          K211118
  Device Name:          SIGNA 7.0T
  Manufacturer:         GE Medical Systems, LLC


                                      Page 1 of 4

AIR Recon DL
                                                               510(k) Premarket Notification


Device Description:

    AIR Recon DL is a software feature intended for use with GE Healthcare MR
     systems.  It is a deep learning based reconstruction technique that removes noise
    and ringing (truncation) artifacts from MR images. AIR Recon DL is an optional
     feature that is integrated into the MR system software and activated through a
     purchasable software option key.

     This 510(k) submission has been triggered by a modification to AIR Recon DL to
    expand its compatible pulse sequences to include PROPELLER and 3D Cartesian
     acquisitions.

Indications for Use:

    The Indications for Use statement for the proposed device is provided below:

        AIR™ Recon DL is a deep learning based reconstruction technique
           that is available for use on GE Healthcare 1.5T, 3.0T, and 7.0T MR
          systems. AIR Recon DL reduces noise and ringing (truncation
            artifacts) in MR images, which can be used to reduce scan time and
         improve image quality. AIR Recon DL is intended for use with all
          anatomies, and for patients of all ages. Depending on the anatomy of
            interest being imaged, contrast agents may be used.


Comparison of Technological Characteristics:

    The proposed AIR Recon DL software feature that is the subject of this 510(k) is
     similar to the feature of the same name included in the predicate SIGNA Premier,
    K193282. The predicate device used deep learning convolutional neural networks
     to remove noise and ringing from certain 2D Cartesian acquisitions. The proposed
    AIR Recon DL has been modified to be compatible with PROPELLER and selected
    3D Cartesian acquisitions. Both the proposed AIR Recon DL and the predicate
     device use neural networks that have similar architecture, and were trained using
     similar methods and data.

    The proposed AIR Recon DL is intended for use on GE Healthcare 1.5T, 3.0T, and
    7.0T MR systems. The AIR Recon DL feature included in the predicate device was
     intended for use with only GE Healthcare 3.0T systems. However, the same
     algorithm described in the predicate device (K193282) is also cleared for use in GE
     Healthcare 1.5T systems (SIGNA Artist - K202238), and 7.0T systems (SIGNA
    7.0T - K211118).

Summary of Nonclinical Testing:

    AIR Recon DL has undergone phantom testing to evaluate the feature and its
     impact on image quality, including SNR, sharpness, and low contrast detectability.
    For PROPELLER acquisitions, analysis was also performed to compare Apparent


                                        Page 2 of 4

AIR Recon DL
                                                               510(k) Premarket Notification


     Diffusion Coefficient (ADC) maps calculated from images using AIR Recon DL to
     those calculated from conventional images.

    The nonclinical testing demonstrated that AIR Recon DL does improve SNR and
    image sharpness while maintaining low contrast detectability. AIR Recon DL was
     also able to maintain image SNR and did not sacrifice sharpness for images
     acquired with a reduced scan time. ADC maps were not adversely impacted by
     the use of AIR Recon DL. The nonclinical testing passed the defined acceptance
      criteria and did not identify any adverse impacts to image quality or other concerns
     related to safety and performance.

Summary of Clinical Testing:

   A reader evaluation study was performed on images acquired across a variety of
     pulse sequences and anatomies. The study involved 133 cases as summarized
     below:


      Source of data:
           129 patient cases from 10 different clinical sites
           4 cases from healthy subjects obtained at a GE Healthcare facility
      Equipment used:
        GE Healthcare 1.5T MR systems: 51 cases
        GE Healthcare 3.0T MR systems: 82 cases
      Protocols used:
         3D acquisitions: 92 cases
         PROPELLER acquisitions: 41 cases
      Anatomical coverage:
          Body (breast, abdomen, and pelvis): 42 cases
             Cardiac: 10 cases
           Neuro (head, neck, and spine): 57 cases
             Musculoskeletal (shoulder, wrist, hip, knee, and ankle): 24 cases
     Use of exogenous contrast:
            With Contrast: 31 cases
            Without Contrast: 102 cases
      Presence of pathology:
            With pathology: 124 cases
            Without pathology: 9 cases


                                        Page 3 of 4

AIR Recon DL
                                                               510(k) Premarket Notification


    Readers were asked to compare the AIR Recon DL images to conventional
    images (without AIR Recon DL) reconstructed from the same acquired raw data.
    Each image pair was evaluated independently by three radiologists. The results
     confirmed that the AIR Recon DL feature provides images with equivalent or better
    image quality in terms of apparent signal to noise ratio (133 out of 133 cases),
    sharpness (133 out of 133 cases), and lesion conspicuity (123 out of 124 cases
     with pathology). The radiologists reading the images also indicated a preference
      for the AIR Recon DL images over conventional images in 99% of the evaluations.

     Evaluations were also made of AIR Recon DL images from shorter scan time
     acquisitions and images without AIR Recon DL taken with longer scan times.
     Despite the shorter scan times, the AIR Recon DL images were rated as better or
     equivalent image quality for all 22 image pairs.

    Sample images involving the presence of motion and other common artifacts were
     evaluated both with and without the AIR Recon DL feature. The sample images
    show that AIR Recon DL does not significantly change the appearance of motion
      artifacts.

     Additionally, images were evaluated to confirm that the use of AIR Recon DL does
     not adversely affect the accuracy of quantitative measurements such as contrast
     pharmacokinetics, lesion sizes, and brain volumetry results. The analysis showed
     strong agreement between measurements made using conventional and AIR
    Recon DL images.

Conclusions Drawn from Performance Testing:

    The nonclinical and clinical testing demonstrated that AIR Recon DL satisfies the
     product claims of improved SNR and image sharpness, and can enable shorter
    scan times while preserving SNR and image sharpness.

    The proposed AIR Recon DL software feature has been developed under GE
     Healthcare’s quality system and is at least as safe and effective as the earlier
     version of AIR Recon DL in the legally marketed predicate device. The
    performance testing did not identify any new hazards, adverse effects, safety
     concerns, or performance concerns that are significantly different from those
     associated with MR imaging in general.

     Therefore, GE Healthcare believes that AIR Recon DL is substantially equivalent to
     the predicate device and is safe and effective for its intended use.


                                        Page 4 of 4