December 6, 2021
Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
℅ Alaine Medio
Regulatory Affairs Professional
810 Innovation Drive
KNOXVILLE TN 37932

Re: K213096
    Trade/Device Name: Al-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed tomography x-ray system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: September 23, 2021
    Received: September 24, 2021

Dear Alaine Medio:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K213096 - Alaine Medio                                                               Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).


                                                Sincerely,
                                                                         Digitally signed by
                                                                 Laurel M. Burk -S
                                                                Date: 2021.12.06
                                                                12:37:46 -05'00'                                                                                                                                                , for
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K213096
Device Name
AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)
Indications for Use (Describe)
AlI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) is image processing software that provides quantitative and qualitative analysis from
previously acquired Computed Tomography DICOM images to support radiologists and physicians from emergency
medicine, specialty care, urgent care, and general practice in the evaluation and assessment of disease of the lungs.
It provides the following functionality:
+ Segmentation and measurements of complete lung and lung lobes
+ Identification of areas with lower Hounsfield values in comparison to a predefined threshold for complete lung and lung
lobes
+ Providing an interface to external Medical Device syngo.CT Lung CAD
* Segmentation and measurements of found lung lesions and dedication to corresponding lung lobe.
+ Identification of areas with elevated Hounsfield values, where areas with elevated versus high opacities are
distinguished.
The software has been validated for data from Siemens Healthineers (filtered backprojection and iterative reconstruction),
GE Healthcare (filtered backprojection reconstruction), and Philips (filtered backprojection reconstruction).
Only DICOM images of adult patients are considered to be valid input.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (7/17) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K213096


                      510(k) Summary
                            Prepared December 01, 2021


I.    Identification of the Submitter
Importer/Distributor
Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
40 Liberty Boulevard
Malvern, PA 19355
Establishment Registration Number
2240869

Manufacturing Site
Siemens Healthcare GmbH
Siemensstr 1
D-91301 Forchheim, Germany

Establishment Registration Number
3004977335

Submitter Contact Person:
Alaine Medio
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
Siemens Medical Solutions, Inc. USA
810 Innovation Drive
Knoxville, TN 37932
Phone: (865) 206-0337
Fax: (865) 218-3019
Email: alaine.medio@siemens-healthineers.com

Secondary Contact Person:
Tabitha Estes
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
Phone: (865) 804-4553
Email: Tabitha.estes@siemens-healthineers.com

II.   Device Name and Classification
Product Name:         AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)
Propriety Trade Name:  AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)
Classification Name:    Computed Tomography X-ray System
Classification Panel:     Radiology
                                                                             Page 1 of 8

CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.1750
Device Class:            Class II
Product Code:          JAK

III.   Predicate Device
Primary Predicate Device:
Trade Name:           AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)
510(k) Number:        K183271
Clearance Date:        07/26/2019
Classification Name:    Computed Tomography X-ray System
Classification Panel:     Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.1750
Device Class:            Class II
Product Code:           JAK, LLZ

Secondary Predicate Device:
Trade Name:           syngo.CT Extended Functionality
510(k) Number:        K203699
Clearance Date:        04/30/2021
Classification Name:    Computed Tomography X-ray System
Classification Panel:     Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.1750
Device Class:            Class II
Product Code:          JAK

IV.  Device Description
Al-Rad Companion is a software only medical system that investigates data from imaging systems. AlRad Companion receives these data and checks which post-processing algorithms may be applicable.
Data that does not meet the Al-Rad Companion requirements are ignored while data that meets the
requirements are sent for further processing. Applicable data are processed, and the results are
provided to the user via their clinical workplace. The user has the option to accept, review or withdraw
single results of Al-Rad Companion.

Al-Rad Companion includes a software operating platform (Al-Rad Companion (Engine)) and optional
clinical extensions such as Al-Rad Companion (Pulmonary), Al-Rad Companion (Musculoskeletal) and AlRad Companion (Cardiovascular). The clinical extensions are post-processing applications that operate
on the Al-Rad Companion (Engine) software platform and process CT datasets in specific regions of the
thorax or use datasets from other modalities. The basic post-processing functions are landmark
detection, segmentation, and classification. Al-Rad Companion uses Artificial Intelligence (AI)-
algorithms.

The AI-Rad Companion (Engine) platform is the interface for incoming and outgoing data for the
complete AI-Rad Companion system that provides input data and collects results and status information


                                                                             Page 2 of 8

from the extensions. Additionally, it is the interface for incoming and outgoing data for the complete AlRad Companion system.

The Al-Rad Companion extensions are optional post-processing applications that operate on the Al-Rad
Companion (Engine) software platform. The platform and each of the extensions are distinct software
components and thus separate medical devices. A pictorial representation of the interaction between
the Al-Rad Companion (Engine) and optional Al-Rad Companion extensions is provided in the figure
below.


The scope of this submission is the extension AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary). It is an image postprocessing software that uses CT DICOM data to support clinicians in the evaluation and assessment of
lung diseases. It utilizes machine-learning and deep-learning algorithms to provide quantitative and
qualitative analysis from previously acquired Computed Tomography DICOM images to support qualified
clinicians in the evaluation and assessment of disease of the thorax. The major functionalities of AI-Rad
Companion (Pulmonary) are as follows:

   •  Segmentation and measurements of complete lung, lungs, and lung lobes.
   •   Identification of areas with lower Hounsfield values in comparison to a predefined threshold for
       complete lung and lung lobes.
   •  Segmentation and measurements of found lung lesions
   •   Identification of areas with elevated Hounsfield values, where areas with elevated versus high
        opacities are distinguished

The results will be delivered in different image formats and, depending on the configuration, can be
verified in the Results Preview and will be included in the overview with all findings. This will include
DICOM Structured Report with measurements results


                                                                             Page 3 of 8

The software version VA13 of the AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) includes the following modifications:
   •  Pulmonary Density
        This feature provides the possibility to segment opacity regions inside the lung using an AI
        algorithm. AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) counts image voxels inside opacity regions and
        calculates the percentages of these voxels relative to the total number of voxels per lobe, lung
      and in total. Afterwards, the opacity results are assigned to a certain range as defined by
       Bernheim et al.

        This feature has been cleared with the secondary predicate device syngo.CT Extended
        Functionality VB51 (K203699, clearance date 04/30/2021). It is a reuse from the predicate
       device to this subject device. The feature and its algorithms remain unchanged from this
        predicate device.

   •   Bi-directional lesion diameter
        This feature provides an additional measurement derived from the existing segmentation
       contour of a lung lesion. The existing list of measurements is extended with the maximum
       orthogonal diameter in 2D (short axis diameter) which is orthogonal to the lesion’s maximum 2D
       diameter (2D diameter, long axis diameter).

        This feature has been cleared with the secondary predicate device syngo.CT Extended
        Functionality VB51 (K203699). It is a reuse from the predicate device to this subject device. For
         this feature, no modifications are required to the detection nor the segmentation of the lung
         lesions.

   •  Cloud and Edge Deployment
      The system supports the existing cloud deployment as well as a new edge deployment. The
       system remains hosted in the teamplay digital health platform and remains driven by the AI-Rad
      Companion (Engine). Now the edge deployment allows the processing of clinical data and the
       generation of results on-premises within the customer network. The edge system is fully
       connected to the cloud for monitoring and maintenance of the system from remote.


V.   Indications for Use
AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) is image processing software that provides quantitative and qualitative
analysis from previously acquired Computed Tomography DICOM images to support radiologists and
physicians from emergency medicine, specialty care, urgent care, and general practice in the evaluation
and assessment of disease of the lungs.

It provides the following functionality:

    •  Segmentation and measurements of complete lung and lung lobes
    •   Identification of areas with lower Hounsfield values in comparison to a predefined threshold for
       complete lung and lung lobes
    •   Providing an interface to external Medical Device syngo.CT Lung CAD

                                                                             Page 4 of 8

•  Segmentation and measurements of found lung lesions and dedication to corresponding lung
       lobe
    •   Identification of areas with elevated Hounsfield values, where areas with elevated versus high
        opacities are distinguished

The software has been validated for data from Siemens Healthineers (filtered backprojection and
iterative reconstruction), GE Healthcare (filtered backprojection reconstruction), and Philips (filtered
backprojection reconstruction).

Only DICOM images of adult patients are considered to be valid input.


VI.  Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device
The comparison between the above referenced predicate devices is listed in the following table. It
compares each feature of the subject device either with the primary predicate device or the secondary
predicate device.

         Subject Device           Primary Predicate Device      Secondary Predicate Device              Comparison
       AI-Rad Companion             AI-Rad Companion             syngo.CT Extended
      (Pulmonary) VA13A            (Pulmonary) VA10A              Functionality VB51
          (K213096)                    (K183271)                    (K203699)
 Segmentation of Lung
  Creation of a lung               Creation of a lung               Creation of a lung             The same algorithm as cleared with
 segmentation mask by         segmentation mask by          segmentation mask by          the predicate devices is used.
 combining the segmentation    combining the segmentation    combining the segmentation
 masks of 5 lung lobes.         masks of 5 lung lobes.         masks of 5 lung lobes.           Additional training data was added
                                                                                            as compared to the primary predicate
 Segmentation of Lobes                                                                                                            for the Pulmonary Density Feature.
 Computation of segmentation   Computation of segmentation   Computation of segmentation   This same data and method were
 masks of the five lung lobes     masks of the five lung lobes     masks of the five lung lobes     used with the secondary predicate
  (right upper (RUL), right           (right upper (RUL), right           (right upper (RUL), right         device (K203699).
 middle (RML), right lower       middle (RML), right lower       middle (RML), right lower
  (RLL), left upper (LUL) and left    (RLL), left upper (LUL) and left    (RLL), left upper (LUL) and left
 lower (LLL) lobe) for a given     lower (LLL) lobe) for a given     lower (LLL) lobe) for a given
 CT data set of the chest.       CT data set of the chest.       CT data set of the chest.
 Opacity Detection
  AI‐based identification of      N/A                           AI‐based identification of       The Opacity Detection is the same as
  areas with elevated                                            areas with elevated             the secondary predicate devices
  Hounsfield values. Threshold‐                                   Hounsfield values. Threshold‐    syngo.CT Extended Functionality
 based identification of                                      based identification of          (K203699).
  highest elevated Hounsfield                                     highest elevated Hounsfield
  values inside these elevated                                     values inside these elevated
  regions, by a predefined                                           regions, by a predefined
  threshold of ‐200 HU.                                           threshold of ‐200 HU.
 Measurement Results
 Lung lesion, lung              Lung lesion, and lung          Pulmonary density             Extended with Pulmonary Density
 parenchyma, and pulmonary    parenchyma measurements.    measurements.                    results, as cleared in the secondary
  density measurements.                                                                          predicate device (syngo.CT Extended
                                                                                                       Functionality (K203699).
 Parenchyma Evaluation


                                                                             Page 5 of 8

Subject Device           Primary Predicate Device      Secondary Predicate Device              Comparison
       AI-Rad Companion             AI-Rad Companion             syngo.CT Extended
      (Pulmonary) VA13A            (Pulmonary) VA10A              Functionality VB51
          (K213096)                    (K183271)                    (K203699)
 The parenchyma evaluation     The parenchyma evaluation    N/A                     Same as the primary predicate device
  uses the lobe mask, counts all   uses the lobe mask, counts all                                 AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary)
  voxels per lobe, counts image    voxels per lobe, counts image                            VA10A (K183271).
  voxels below -950 HU, and       voxels below -950 HU, and
  calculates the percentages of    calculates the percentages of
  these voxels relative to the      these voxels relative to the
  total number of voxels.           total number of voxels.
  Additionally, it sums the          Additionally, it sums the
  individual lobe results and        individual lobe results and
  calculates the percentage for    calculates the percentage for
 the complete lung.             the complete lung.
 Parenchyma Ranges
 The percentages are likewise    The percentages are likewise   N/A
  dedicated to the 4 ranges.       dedicated to the 4 ranges.
 Name of ranges and their     Name of ranges and their
 ranges are configurable by      ranges are configurable by
 the user.                      the user.
  Visualization of Segmentation and Parenchyma Results
  Color overlay of MPR and VRT   Color overlay of MPR and VRT   N/A
  with evaluation results.         with evaluation results.
 LungCAD Interface
 The external device syngo.CT    The external device syngo.CT    The external device syngo.CT   Same as both predicate devices.
 LungCAD is connected.        LungCAD is connected.        LungCAD is connected.
 Based on the positions         Based on the positions         Based on positions provided    The Bi-directional lesion diameter is
 provided via the LungCAD       provided via the LungCAD      by the user, a segmentation     the same as the secondary predicate
  Interface, a segmentation of     Interface, a segmentation of     of suspicious lung areas is       device syngo.CT Extended
  suspicious lung areas is          suspicious lung areas is           started. Within the derived      Functionality VB51 (K203699).
  started. Within the derived       started. Within the derived      contours the maximum
  contours the maximum         contours the maximum         diameter within one slice, the
 diameter within one slice, the   diameter within one slice, the   3-dimensional diameter, and
  3-dimensional diameter, and    3-dimensional diameter, and    the volume are determined.
 the volume are determined.     the volume are determined.    The lesion is dedicated to a
 The lesion is dedicated to a     The lesion is dedicated to a      lung lobe.
  lung lobe.                      lung lobe.
                                                                       Additionally, the maximum
  Additionally, the maximum                                    orthogonal 2D diameter is
  orthogonal 2D diameter is                                 measured and the mean from
 measured and the mean from                          maximum 2D diameter and
 maximum 2D diameter and                            maximum orthogonal 2D
 maximum orthogonal 2D                                     diameter is shown.
 diameter is shown.

VII.  Performance Data
The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.
Non-Clinical Testing
Non-clinical tests (integration and functional) were conducted for AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) during
product development. These tests have been performed to test the ability of the included features of
the subject device. The results of these tests demonstrate that the subject device performs as intended.
The result of all conducted testing was found acceptable to support the claim of substantial equivalence.

                                                                             Page 6 of 8

Clinical Evaluation of the AI-based Algorithms
The following activities have been conducted for the syngo.CT Extended Functionality VB51 software
application, to evaluate the feature Pulmonary Density which has been introduced with this application.
The K-number is K203699 and it has been considered as the secondary predicate device for this submission
K213096:

Clinical Data Based Software Validation
The following algorithms underwent a scientific evaluation:
    -   Segmentation of lung lobes
      The lung lobe segmentation algorithm computes segmentation masks of the five lung lobes
         (right upper (RUL), right middle (RML), right lower (RLL), left upper (LUL) and left lower
         (LLL) lobe) for a given CT data set of the chest.
    -   Identification of opaque regions (AI-based)
      The algorithm computes masks of opaque regions in the lung for a given CT data set of the chest.
      The opaque regions include ground glass opacities, consolidations and crazy-paving patterns. The
        calculation is done for each lobe as well as for the complete lung.

For each algorithm of Pulmonary Density the analysis is structured as follows:
    •   Algorithm Description: purpose, functionality, technical description
    •  Data
        o   Training cohort: size and properties of data used for training
        o  Description of ground truth / annotations generation
        o   Validation cohort: size and properties of data used for testing/validation
    •  Performance
        o  Choice of performance metric
        o  Actual performance results
        o  Assessment of clinical relevance of achieved performance
    •   Related clinical research, e.g. publications (if applicable)

The results of clinical data-based software validation for the feature Pulmonary Density demonstrated
equivalent performance in comparison to the primary predicate device for segmentation and lung
parenchyma categorization.

Performance of lung lobe segmentation of AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) device has been validated
using 250 datasets from multiple sites across the US and Europe. Average DICE coefficients ranged from
0.94 to 0.96.

Performance of the segmentation of opaque regions of AI-Rad Companion Pulmonary device has been
validated using 150 datasets from multiple sites across the US and Europe. Interreader-variability of the
percentage of opacity (PO) was assessed on a lung lobe level and 95%-Limits of Agreement (LoA) were
established. The algorithm performance was compared against the human reads and 93.0% of the PO
values were found within the LoA.

Additional analysis was performed for both population-specific subgroups and various technical
parameters and consistent performance has been found for both algorithms across all subgroups.


                                                                             Page 7 of 8

Risk Analysis
The risk analysis was completed, and risk control implemented to mitigate identified hazards. The
testing results demonstrate that all the software specifications have met the acceptance criteria. Testing
for verification and validation of the device was found acceptable to support the claims of substantial
equivalence.

Siemens hereby certifies that AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) meets the following voluntary standards
covering electrical and mechanical safety listed below:

                                                                                            Standards Recognition      Product                                                Date of                                        Title of Standard                                         Development Number         Area                                                        Recognition                                                                                               Organization
                                        Digital Imaging and Communications in 12-300           Radiology                                                06/27/2016    NEMA                               Medicine (DICOM) Set; PS 3.1 – 3.20
                                Medical Device Software –Software Life Cycle 13-79            Software                                                01/14/2019    AAMI, ANSI, IEC                                  Processes; 62304:2006 (1st Edition)
                                Medical devices – Application of risk                  Software/ 5-125                      management to medical devices; 14971 Third    12/23/2019     ISO                    Informatics                                    Edition 2019-12
                                Medical devices - Part 1: Application of                  General I 5-114                               usability engineering to medical devices         12/23/2016     IEC                (QS/RM)                                  IEC 62366-1:2015

VIII. Conclusion
AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) has the same intended use and similar indication for use as the
predicate device. The result of all testing conducted was found acceptable to support the claim of
substantial equivalence. The comparison of technological characteristics, non-clinical performance data,
and software validation demonstrates that the subject device is as safe and as the predicate device that
is currently marketed for the same intended use.

For the subject device, AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) VA13, Siemens used the same testing with the
same workflows as used to clear the predicate device in addition to the clinical evaluation. Siemens
considers AI-Rad Companion (Pulmonary) version VA13 to be as safe, as effective and with performance
substantially equivalent to the commercially available predicate device.


                                                                             Page 8 of 8