Riverain Technologies, Inc.
℅ Mr. Jonathan Jackson
Director of Regulatory Affairs & Quality Assurance
3020 South Tech Blvd.
MIAMISBURG OH 45342
                                                              March 10, 2022
Re: K213566
    Trade/Device Name: ClearRead Xray Pneumothorax
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QFM
    Dated: February 8, 2022
    Received: February 10, 2022

Dear Mr. Jackson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K213566 - Mr. Jonathan Jackson                                                        Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                          For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K213566
Device Name a
ClearRead Xray Pneumothorax
Indications for Use (Describe)
ClearRead Xray Pneumothorax is a notification-only triage workflow tool for use by trained professionals to help
prioritize chest X-rays. The device operates in parallel to and independent of standard of care image interpretation
workflow. Specifically, the device uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images for features suggestive of a
pneumothorax 5 mm or larger; it makes case-level output available to a PACS/workstation for worklist prioritization or
triage. Identification of suspected cases of a pneumothorax is not for diagnostic use beyond notification. ClearRead Xray
Pneumothorax is limited to analysis of imaging data as a guide to possible urgency of adult chest X-ray image review, and
should not be used in lieu of full patient evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm diagnoses. The device does not
replace review and diagnosis of the X-rays by trained professionals. The device is not intended to be used with plain film
X-ray.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
& Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) CJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PoC iiihlag tevion DHE _EF

K213566


5.0    510(K) SUMMARY

Submission Date:         March 9, 2022


Submitter Information:
     Company Name:     Riverain Technologies, Inc.
     Company Address:   3020 South Tech Blvd.
                          Miamisburg, OH 45342-4860
       Contact Person:     Jonathan Jackson
                              Director, Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance
                            Riverain Technologies, Inc.
                          800.990.3387 ext. 5092
                          937.425.6493
                           jjackson@riveraintech.com


Device Information:
      Trade Name:        ClearRead Xray Pneumothorax
       Regulation Number:  21 CFR §892.2080
       Regulation Name:    Radiological computer aided triage and notification
                            software
       Regulatory Class:    Class II
       Product Code:    QFM


Device Description:       ClearRead Xray Pneumothorax is comprised of a
                         computer assisted triaging tool, designed to prioritize chest
                           X-rays based on the suspected presence of a pneumothorax
                       (PTX) 5mm or larger. ClearRead Xray Pneumothorax
                              requires both lungs to be in the field of view. ClearRead
                      Xray Pneumothorax provides adjunctive information and
                                    is not intended to be used for diagnosis. ClearRead Xray
                       Pneumothorax receives images according to the DICOM®
                             protocol (via a standard IEEE 802.3 network connection),
                            processes the image, and delivers the resulting information
                           through the same DICOM network interface. Image inputs
                              are limited to adult, digital frontal chest radiographs. The
                            output results are sent to facilitate prioritization of chest Xrays for radiologist review on one or more devices that


                                                               Page 5-1

conform to the ClearRead Xray Pneumothorax DICOM
                        Conformance Statement. ClearRead Xray Pneumothorax
                          does not support printing or DICOM media.


Indications for Use:       ClearRead Xray Pneumothorax is a notification-only
                                triage workflow tool for use by trained professionals to
                            help prioritize chest X-rays. The device operates in parallel
                               to and independent of standard of care image interpretation
                          workflow. Specifically, the device uses an artificial
                               intelligence algorithm to analyze images for features
                            suggestive of a pneumothorax 5 mm or larger; it makes
                              case-level output available to a PACS/workstation for
                             worklist prioritization or triage. Identification of cases
                            suspected of containing a pneumothorax is not for
                             diagnostic use beyond notification. ClearRead Xray
                       Pneumothorax is limited to analysis of imaging data as a
                           guide to possible urgency of adult chest X-ray image
                           review and should not be used in lieu of full patient
                             evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm diagnoses.
                       The device does not replace review and diagnosis of the Xrays by trained professionals. The device is not intended to
                         be used with plain film X-ray.


Predicate Devices:        RADLogics, Inc.
                         (K193300)
                         AIMI-Triage CXR PTX
                            Class II


Comparison to Predicate Device Technical Characteristics:
Riverain Technologies, Inc. is of the opinion that ClearRead Xray Pneumothorax is
substantially equivalent, both in intended use as well as to the technical characteristics of
the listed predicate device. Differences in the design and performance from the cited
predicate device does affect either the safety or the effectiveness of ClearRead Xray
Pneumothorax for its intended use. Table 1 shows the predicate device listed against the
subject device for the Product Code and Intended Use.


                                                               Page 5-2

Predicate:                    Subject Device:
                   AIMI-Triage CXR PTX      ClearRead Xray
                    (RADLogics, Inc.)           Pneumothorax
                  K193300                       (Riverain Technologies, Inc.)
                                           K213566

 Product Code     QFM                QFM

 Intended Use        The AIMI-Triage CXR PTX    ClearRead Xray
                       provides a chest X-ray         Pneumothorax provides a
                          prioritization service for use     chest X-ray prioritization
                   by radiologists to identify        service for use by radiologists
                         features suggestive of            to identify features suggestive
                     moderate to large sized          of pneumothoraces in a
                     pneumothorax.             PA/AP chest x-ray scan.

 Intended User         Radiologist                     Radiologist

 Modality            X-ray                        X-ray

 Anatomical Region   Lungs                      Lungs

 Clinical Condition    Pneumothorax               Pneumothorax

 Notification /         Yes, passive                   Yes, passive
 Prioritization

 ROI Segmentation   No                    No

 Algorithm              Artificial intelligence          Machine learning and image
                      algorithm with database of      processing
                     images

 Alteration of input   No                    No
 images

                 Table 1: Predicate Devices vs. Subject Device
Testing Summary:
Non-clinical Testing
Non-clinical tests were conducted during the development process in accordance with the
Riverain Technologies Design Control Process, which is compliant with the FDA Quality
System Regulations, ISO 13485:2016 with MDSAP and the following standards.
   •  IEC 62304:2006/AMD1:2015, Medical devices – Software life cycle processes
   •  EC62366-1:2015, Medical device – Part1: Application of usability engineering to
       medical devices
   •  ISO14971:2007, Medical devices – Application of risk management to medical
       devices (2nd Ed.)


                                                               Page 5-3

Testing verified the requirements according to the ClearRead Xray Pneumothorax
device specifications. The Risk Management Plan, Risk Analysis and Risk Management
Report were completed, and risk control measures were implemented to mitigate the
identified hazards. Documentation required for software with a Moderate Level of
Concern is included as part of this submission. Device labeling, together with the results
from verification and validation testing demonstrate that the device is safe and effective.


Clinical Performance Testing
Clinical evaluation used an independent dataset, that is data not used for purposes of
training or internal validation, to validate that clinical efficacy of ClearRead Xray
Pneumothorax for workflow prioritization of X-ray images containing a suspected
pneumothorax.
The primary objective of this study was to demonstrate that ClearRead Xray
Pneumothorax meets or exceeds the expected performance on an independent test set.
Device performance was measured by the AUC of the ROC curve. The primary endpoint
was based on an overall assessment of the possible presence of a PTX, without
localization.
Retrospective adult (18 and older) patient images from multiple sources were evaluated,
including >400 true positive PTX and >600 true negative PTX cases, with approximately
equal representation of male and female studies. Truth was determined by a panel of 3
senior board-certified radiologists with expertise in thoracic radiology.
To assess performance, the ClearRead Xray Pneumothorax system was run on all
selected images, both true negative and true positives cases. True negative-pneumothorax
images that are identified as having a suspected pneumothorax by the system were
labeled as “false positives”. True positive detections are true positive-pneumothorax
images wherein the machine indicates a suspected pneumothorax is present.
Machine indications were transferred to the statistical analysis team and used as the basis
for performance assessment, including the generation of ROC, point estimate of the ROC
AUC, sensitivity and specificity estimates and associated 95% confidence intervals, and
time-to-notification estimates. Device performance, as measured by the AUC-ROC,
sensitivity and specificity, and time-to-notification were demonstrated with statistical
significance to meet the study’s primary endpoints. A summary of the results is listed in
Table 2.

                  AUC                 0.974

                              Sensitivity               0.922

                              Specificity               0.951

                  Time to Notification       9.73 seconds

                  Table 2: Clinical Data Summary of Results


                                                               Page 5-4

Clinical Trial Data

Images used for the clinical study originated from MIMIC-CXR and Georgetown
University Medical Center.  All data used in the clinical trial was independent data, not
used as part of product development.

The MIMIC-CXR dataset is a controlled online dataset of chest x-rays images. A second
dataset was collected by Georgetown University Medical Center (GUMC) between 2009-
2012, also not used as part of the development process.

The MIMIC-CXR cases were collected from 2011 to 2016 at Beth Israel Deaconess
Medical Center. A total of 1028 cases from the MIMIC-CXR dataset were selected for
the study based on the pre-established protocol inclusion and exclusion criteria. Of them,
there were 419 and 609 with PTX and without PTX, respectively. The remaining cases
were provided by Georgetown University and collected between 2002 to 2013. In total,
110 were selected from this dataset. Of them, 40 and 70 were with PTX and without
PTX, respectively.  Although the header did not contain the manufacturer information
for each case for the MIMIC-CXR dataset, it was removed as part of the anonymization
process, the administrators of the database did provide a list of the manufacturers, the
distribution of the clinical dataset is shown in Table 3.

Data distribution with respect to device characteristics are summarized below:

                         Manufacturer  # of cases
                             Carestream      782
                      GE         220
                                     Fuji         117
                           Kodak        12
                             Agfa         3
                                Other         4
                               Total        1138
                  Table 3: Clinical Data Device Distribution


The data distribution with respect to comorbidities are summarize in Table 4 below.
Indications of comorbidities for true positive pneumothorax (PTX) cases and true
negative pneumothorax (NoPTX) cases are provided:


                                                               Page 5-5

# of cases
              Disease                 PTX    No PTX
                Atelectasis                     87        108
              Cardiomegaly                   30        112
               Consolidation                   23         20
            Edema                        15         69
              Enlarged Cardiomediastinum       9         13
                Fracture                       23         11
            Lung Lesion/mass               21         34
            Lung Opacity                   43        131
                Pleural Effusion                115        114
             Pneumonia                     5         20
                Table 4: Clinical Data Comorbidity Distribution


The data distribution with respect to gender is again provided for true positive
pneumothorax (PTX) cases and true negative pneumothorax (NoPTX) cases. The gender
of a subset of the cases, identified as Unknown, could not be determined and is shown in
Table 5.

                                             # of cases
            Gender                 PTX    No PTX
             Male                         227        328
             Female                        176        319
           Unknown                      56         32
                  Table 5: Clinical Data Gender Distribution


All patients were adult, however specific age was not available due to the anonymization
process.  Additionally, ethnicity could not be determined as this information is not
generally available for image data based on DICOM header content.

Clinical Data Case Selection and Ground Truth

Three senior expert radiologists formed the Expert Panel, all of which were board
certified radiologists with expertise in thoracic radiology. The expert radiologists
validated the label of each image as a true positive image or true negative based on the
visual inspection of image data along with available radiology reports, and if a true
positive case, annotated the location of the pneumothorax with a bounding box.

The members of the expert panel considered each PA/AP image and associated radiology
reports independently as part of their review. The final image label and associated
annotations were derived from a majority voting rule, where the associated annotation
bounding boxes were replaced with a single box that enclosed all bounding boxes.


                                                               Page 5-6

Algorithm Development Data

All models used by the ClearRead Xray Pneumothorax system were trained with cases
that were clinically validated as negative for pneumothorax, and cases labeled as positive
via a simulated data construction process. The simulated cases start with negative cases
and digitally insert synthetic pneumothoraces. For synthetic data, the ground truth is
arrived at via construction. For real cases the ground truth was hand drawn outlines as
established by clinical experts. This included the publicly available data from the NIH, as
hosted by Kaggle, wherein experts outlined proven pneumothoraces for thousands of
images. Importantly, this also included over 7000 confirmed negatives cases.

Two datasets were constructed for the purposes of developing the pneumothorax system.
One dataset, labeled the “development set”, was used iteratively to validate and
judiciously update the simulation engine, which in turn is used to train the system’s
models. The second dataset, deemed the test set, was 600 cases, 300 negatives and 300
positives, that were selected based on the diversity of location and size, and were not
used in anyway in the development of the models.

Factors associated with manufacturers and patient demographics were not available as the
data was thoroughly scrubbed for patient privacy. This was not deemed a limitation as the
system utilizes two important aspects that mitigate such concerns. First, the system makes
use of a normalization component that removes strong device characteristics such as
noise, tone scale and contrast detail. Secondly, by forcing the system to strongly detect
local patterns of pneumothorax, the final decision is based on clinically meaningful
structure, and not spurious information – age, gender, or ethnicity - as might be learned if
just image labels were used. Clinical testing confirms this hypothesis where very similar
results were achieved using a large independent dataset.

Internal Test Data Benchmarks


Figure 1 below provides the image level performance as captured by a receiver operating
characteristic (ROC) curve, the area under curve (AUC) was measured to be 0.975 for the
internal validation/test set.


                                                               Page 5-7

1

                       0.9

                       0.8

                       0.7

                       0.6
                             Rate 0.5
              TP
                       0.4

                       0.3

                       0.2

                       0.1

                     0
                      0     0.1    0.2    0.3    0.4    0.5    0.6    0.7    0.8    0.9    1
                                     FP Rate
    Figure 1: Internal image level pneumothorax detection performance ROC

For an image-level performance assessment, a probability threshold of 0.5 was selected
as the operating point. The performance metrics for the test set at this operating point are
found below in Table 6.

      Image            TP     FP    FN      Se      Sp
       Performance
        Threshold of 0.50      278      7       22     92.7%   97.7%
 Table 6: Image level pneumothorax detection performance indices at the selected
                                operating point


Conclusion
In preparing this 510(k) submission, Riverain Technologies has carefully considered the
relevant statutory and regulatory requirements and believes that the information
contained within satisfies the requirements for demonstrating substantial equivalence.


                                                               Page 5-8