July 29, 2022
HeartLung Corporation
℅ Lauren Lee
Regulatory Consultant
1124 W Carson St
TORRANCE CA 90502

Re: K213760
    Trade/Device Name: ABMD Software
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1170
    Regulation Name: Bone Densitometer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: KGI
    Dated: June 22, 2022
    Received: June 29, 2022

Dear Lauren Lee:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K213760 - Lauren Lee                                                                 Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,

                                                                       Laurel M. Burk -S
                                                                   2022.07.29
                                                                      08:52:31 -04'00'

                                             Laurel Burk
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Imaging Devices
                                           and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                            See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K213760

Device Name
ABMD Software


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Automated Bone Mineral Density Software Module (ABMD) is a post-processing Al-powered software intended to
measure bone mineral density (BMD) from existing CT scans by averaging Hounsfield units in the trabecular region of
vertebral bones. ABMD is not intended to replace DXA or any other tests dedicated to BMD measurement. It is solely
designed for measuring BMD in existing CT scans or CT scans ordered for reasons other than BMD measurement. In
summary, ABMD is an opportunistic Al-powered tool that enables: (1) retrospective assessment of bone density from CT
scans acquired for other purposes, (2) assessment of bone density in conjunction with another medically appropriate
procedure involving CT scans, and (3) assessment of bone density without a phantom as an independent measurement
procedure.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)     E  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                         CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                         Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

FORM FDA 3881 (6120)                             Page 1 of 1                                                      PSC PublisAing Servics (301) 443-6740   EF

K213760
                                                              HeartLung Corporation
                                                               1124 W Carson St
                                      The Lundquist Institute, MRL Building, Floor 3
                                                                        Torrance, CA 90502


                                510(K) Summary
This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the
requirements of 21 CFR 807.92:

    1.  Submitter
      HeartLung Corporation
      1124 W Carson St.
      The Lundquist Institute, MRL Building, Floor 3
       Torrance, CA 90502
       Tel: (650) 448-8089
       Contact: Dr. Morteza Naghavi
      Date Prepared: November 24, 2021

    2.  Device
       Subject Device: Automated Bone Mineral Density Software
      Trade Name: ABMD Software
     Common Name: ABMD Software
        Classification: Class II, 21 CFR 892.1170
       Product Code: KGI

    3.  Predicate Device
       Manufacturer: Mindways
      Trade Name: QCT Bone Mineral Density Analysis Software
       Predicate 510(k): K894854
        Classification: Class II, 21 CFR 892.1170
       Product Code: KGI

    4.  Reference Device
       Manufacturer: Mindways
      Trade Name: QCT Pro Asynchronous Calibration Module, CliniQCT
       Predicate 510(k): K140342
        Classification: Class II, 21 CFR 892.1170
       Product Code: KGI

    5.  Device Description

General Description
The Automated Bone Mineral Density (ABMD) Software is a software module that estimates
bone mineral density in the vertebral bones by averaging Hounsfield Units (HU) in the trabecular


                                                                               Pg. 1 of 7

K213760
                                                              HeartLung Corporation
                                                               1124 W Carson St
                                      The Lundquist Institute, MRL Building, Floor 3
                                                                        Torrance, CA 90502


area. ABMD Software is a post-processing software that works on existing CT scans. ABMD
Software measurements are to be reviewed by radiologists and should be used by healthcare
providers in conjunction with clinical evaluation.

Intended Patient Population

ABMD Software is for post-processing analysis of bone mineral density in people who
underwent a CT scan that includes vertebral bone.

Principles of Ops

ABMD Software reads a CT scan (in DICOM format) and extracts patient-specific metadata
such as age, gender, and scan specific information like acquisition time, pixel size and scanner
type. The ABMD Software uses an AI trained model to segment out vertebral bones in the field
of view and subsequently measures the average of the Hounsfield unit, HU, in a cylinder volume
within the trabecular tissue of each vertebral bone without including the cortical bone. The bone
mineral density (BMD) is calculated by the mean of those averages for vertebral bones found in
the field of view. Subsequently, the Z-score and T-scores are calculated based on the age and
gender of the person and the calibration factor for the CT scan. The snapshots of the spinal bones
and measured area along with the average HU and the scores are exported for review and
confirmation by a human expert.

Software will output the segmentation of trabecular bone used in calculation of BMD as
determined by the sample volume being a minimum of 1 pixel away from the cortical bone.

Software passes if the sample volume is at least 1 pixel away from the cortical border.

Software fails if the sample volume crosses or intersects with the cortical border.

The end user cannot change or edit the segmentation or results of the device. The end user must
accept or reject the region where the BMD measurement is done. If rejected, the end user must
conduct an alternate method such as manual measurement using the same methods described in
QCT-based manual measurement of BMD.

This device is not intended to replace DXA scanners. It is only intended to be used on the
existing CT scans or CT scans ordered for reasons other than measuring BMD so that it will
prevent extra radiation dose being introduced to the patients.

Conditions of Use:

The ABMD Software is a post-processing software module that only works on existing CT scans
that include spinal bones.

    6.  Intended Use


                                                                               Pg. 2 of 7

K213760
                                                              HeartLung Corporation
                                                               1124 W Carson St
                                      The Lundquist Institute, MRL Building, Floor 3
                                                                        Torrance, CA 90502


The Automated Bone Mineral Density (ABMD) Software is a post-processing AI-powered
software intended to measure bone mineral density (BMD) from existing CT scans by averaging
Hounsfield units in the trabecular region of vertebral bones. ABMD Software is not intended to
replace DXA or any other tests dedicated to BMD measurement. It is solely designed for
measuring BMD in existing CT scans or CT scans ordered for reasons other than BMD
measurement. In summary, ABMD Software is an opportunistic AI-powered tool that enables:
(1) retrospective assessment of bone density from CT scans acquired for other purposes, (2)
assessment of bone density in conjunction with another medically appropriate procedure
involving CT scans, and (3) assessment of bone density without a phantom as an independent
measurement procedure.


    7. Comparison of Technological Characteristics & Intended Use to Predicate Device
The table below provides a summary of the technological characteristics of the ABMD Software
in comparison to the predicate device. The indications for use for the predicate device are similar
to the indications for the use of the ABMD Software. There are no major technological
differences between the two systems that raise new issues of safety and/or effectiveness. Thus,
the ABMD Software is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


 Feature         Subject Device     Predicate        Reference      Summary
           ABMD Software   Device           Device
                       QCT Bone     QCT Pro
                                  Mineral Density  Asynchronous
                                     Analysis          Calibration
                                   Software        Module,
                               K894854        CliniQCT
                                              K140342

 Indication for     Estimate bone       Estimate bone     Estimate bone      Equivalent.
 Use/Intended     mineral density      mineral density    mineral density
 Use              within the spine.     within the spine.   within the spine.


 Modality      CT scan images    CT scan images  CT scan images    Equivalent.
              (DICOM)        (DICOM)       (DICOM)


 Device provides  Yes              Yes            Yes                Equivalent.
 estimates of


                                                                               Pg. 3 of 7

K213760
                                                             HeartLung Corporation
                                                              1124 W Carson St
                                     The Lundquist Institute, MRL Building, Floor 3
                                                                       Torrance, CA 90502


bone mineral
density from the
spine.


Device provides  Yes              Yes            Yes                Equivalent.
the bone mineral
density value.


Device provides  Yes              Yes            Yes                Equivalent.
Z-score.


Device provides  Yes              Yes            Yes                Equivalent.
T-score.


User             Healthcare          Healthcare        Healthcare         Equivalent.
                  Providers           Providers          Providers

Operating        Linux            Windows        Windows          Equivalent,
System                                                                    software
                                                                              function is
                                                                         independent
                                                                   from
                                                                             operating
                                                                           system.


Retrospective   CT scan images    CT scan images  CT scan images    Equivalent.
measurements    can be selected and  can be selected    can be selected
from CT scans.    inputted to the      and inputted to    and inputted to
                   software.            the software.       the software.


Automatic        Software           Software          Software           Equivalent.
Averaging        automatically        automatically      automatically
Hounsfield       measures and       measures and      measures and
Units             averages            averages          averages
                 Hounsfield units in  Hounsfield units   Hounsfield units
                   the trabecular        in the trabecular    in the trabecular


                                                                              Pg. 4 of 7

K213760
                                                              HeartLung Corporation
                                                               1124 W Carson St
                                      The Lundquist Institute, MRL Building, Floor 3
                                                                        Torrance, CA 90502


                   region of spinal      region of spinal    region of spinal
                   bones.              bones.             bones.


 Calibration        Inputting CT        Simultaneous     Asynchronous     Equivalent.
                    scanner-specific     scanning of        scanning of        Software
                     calibration factor is  calibration          calibration         provides
                    required. Software   phantom is       phantom is        measurements
                   outputs calibrated    required.           required.           corrected for
           BMD score.        Software outputs   Software outputs   calibration
                                           calibrated BMD    calibrated BMD    data.
                                           score.              score.


    8. Performance Data
The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence
determination.

Sterilization & Shelf-Life Testing
Not applicable for this software as a medical device.

Biocompatibility Testing
Not applicable for this software as a medical device.

Electrical Safety and Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC)
Not applicable for this software as a medical device.

Software Verification and Validation Testing
Software Verification and Validation testing was completed to demonstrate the safety and
effectiveness of the device. Testing demonstrates the ABMD Software meets all its functional
requirements and performance specifications.


                                                                               Pg. 5 of 7

K213760
                                                              HeartLung Corporation
                                                               1124 W Carson St
                                      The Lundquist Institute, MRL Building, Floor 3
                                                                        Torrance, CA 90502


The ABMD Software strongly correlated with manual QCT-based BMD measurement. The
scatter plot and regression lines show the range of bias to be limited and display a very strong
correlation between BMD measured by manual method versus ABMD Software (r = 0.97,
p<0.01). The ABMD Software also correlated with DXA BMD measurement (r = 0. 72, p<0.01).
A summary of two studies performed is listed below.


ABMD Software Performance Studies

                  Study 1                             Study 2
 Reference         993 quantitative CT (QCT) readings of a  172 asymptomatic cases who underwent
 Dataset             cohort of asymptomatic cases who        whole-body DXA scans as well as CT
                   underwent CT scans.                       scans.

 Truthing Process  QCT BMD, T-score, and Z-score values  DXA scans derived T-score, and Z-score
                     derived from manual measurement by     values plus QCT BMD, T-score, and Ztrained operators.                         score values derived from manual
                                                       measurement by trained operators.

 Analysis methods  Pearson Correlation, Deming             Pearson Correlation, Deming
                     Regressions, and Bland Altman            Regressions, and Bland Altman
                  Agreement                           Agreement

 Results                                                    Strong correlations and agreements were
                    Strong correlations and agreements were   found between manual QCT and ABMD
                   found between manual QCT and ABMD   Software. Modest but significant
                    Software                                   correlations and agreement were found
                                                        between DXA, and ABMD Software.


Significant correlations between BMD measurements by DXA and ABMD Software were found (r = 0.72
, p<0.01) which closely matched the correlations reported in literature between DXA and manual QCT
(r=0.5 to r=0.75) measurements. While DXA BMD measurements at Ward Triangle correlate well with
QCT BMD measurement in vertebral bones, the QCT measurement is exclusively focused on the
trabecular bone tissue, as compared to DXA’s combined measurement of cortical and trabecular bone
tissues. Therefore, QCT based BMD measurement using ABMD Software is more specific to trabecular
bone tissues and does not impose any additional safety or effectiveness concerns when compared to the
predicate device.


Mechanical and Acoustic Testing
Not applicable for this software as a medical device.

Animal Study


                                                                               Pg. 6 of 7

K213760
                                                              HeartLung Corporation
                                                               1124 W Carson St
                                      The Lundquist Institute, MRL Building, Floor 3
                                                                        Torrance, CA 90502


Animal performance testing was not required to demonstrate safety and effectiveness of the
device.

Clinical Studies
Clinical testing was not required to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of the device.
Instead, substantial equivalence is based upon software verification and validation testing, or
benchtop performance testing of the software as a medical device.

    9.  Conclusions
The body of testing summarized above indicates that the ABMD Software performs as intended
and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. The testing above demonstrates that the
ABMD Software is as safe and effective as the predicate device. No new safety or effectiveness
issues are raised by the ABMD Software.


                                                                               Pg. 7 of 7