June 29, 2022

Eko Devices, Inc.
Sam Huang
Director of Regulatory Affairs
1212 Broadway, Suite 100
Oakland, California 94612

Re: K213794
    Trade/Device Name: Eko Murmur Analysis Software (EMAS)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1875
    Regulation Name: Stethoscope
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: DQD, DQC, DPS
    Dated: May 28, 2022
    Received: June 2, 2022

Dear Sam Huang:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

2K213794 - Sam Huang                                                                Page


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                   Stephen C. Browning -S

                             LCDR Stephen Browning
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology, Diagnostics
                                           and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K213794
DeviceName
Eko Munnur Analysis Software (EMAS)
Indications for Use (Describe) —=—=S=~S~S*s=—<“—*S*S*S*S*S*S*S*S~S~S~SSSTTNT
The Eko Murmur Analysis Software (EMAS) is intended to provide decision support to clinicians in their evaluation of
patients’ heart sounds. The software analyzes heart sounds and phonocardiograms (and ECG signals, when available). The
software will automatically detect murmurs that may be present, and the murmur timing and character, including $1, $2,
innocent heart murmurs, structural heart murmurs, and the absence of a heart murmur.
The Eko Murmur Analysis Software is not intended as a sole means of diagnosis and is for use in environments where
health care is provided by clinicians. The interpretations of heart sounds offered by the software are meant only to provide
decision support to the clinician, who may use the result in conjunction with their own evaluation and clinical judgment.
The interpretations are not diagnoses. The Eko Murmur Analysis Software is intended for use on pediatric and adult
patients. :
‘Type of Use (Select one orboth, asapplicable) == = ~~~ ~~~ SSS
[X] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) CJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
EE ——————— Oe
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
SS
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
Of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to: .
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 ‘PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF
1

K213794
                                                                                           Page 1 of 6


GENERAL INFORMATION

Applicant:
Eko Devices, Inc.
1210 Broadway, Suite 100,
Oakland, CA 94612
Phone: 844-356-3384

Contact Person:
Sam Huang, Ph.D.
Director of Regulatory Affairs
Eko Devices, Inc.
1210 Broadway, Suite 100,
Oakland, CA 94612

Date Prepared: Dec 03, 2021


DEVICE INFORMATION

Trade/Proprietary Name: Eko Murmur Analysis Software (EMAS)
Regulation number: 21 CFR 870.1875
Classification Name: Electronic Stethoscope
Regulatory Class: Class II
Product Code: DQD, DQC, DPS


PREDICATE DEVICES

CSD Labs GmbH, eMurmur ID (K181988)
Eko Devices, Inc., Eko Analysis Software (K192004)


DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Eko Murmur Analysis Software (EMAS) is a cloud-based service that allows users to upload
heart sound/phonocardiogram (PCG) and optional electrocardiogram (ECG) data via an
application programming interface (API) for analysis. The software uses signal processing (such
as waveform filtering), as well as algorithms derived from machine learning, to analyze the
acquired data and generate clinical decision support output for clinicians.
EMAS is designed to evaluate data derived by the company’s two previously cleared devices, the
Eko DUO (K170874) and Eko CORE (K151319, K200776). The heart sound data from those
devices can be transmitted to the Eko Cloud using either the Eko mobile application or thirdparty applications that use a software development kit (SDK). The EMAS algorithm analyzes
the heart sound data and outputs a JSON file with the algorithm results, which is passed down to
the requesting application and displayed by the requesting application to the user in the humanreadable format.

K213794
                                                                                           Page 2 of 6


The analysis will assess the signal quality of the phonocardiogram; detect heart murmurs and
classify them as innocent or structural; determine the timing of S1 and S2 heart sounds; and
distinguish between systolic and diastolic heart murmurs. As an integral part of a physical
assessment, clinicians’ interpretations of EMAS’ output can help them rule in or out different
pathological conditions in a patient.

The EMAS consists of the following algorithm components:

  ●  Signal Quality Detection Algorithm:
       This pre-processing algorithm accepts as input the PCG sound from the API controller
         (e.g., a mobile smartphone application). The algorithm is used to classify PCG recordings
       based on their signal quality as good or poor.
  ●  Heart Sound Timing Algorithm:
       This algorithm detects the presence and timing of specific heart sounds including S1, S2,
       the systole region, and the diastole region.
  ● Murmur Detection & Classification Algorithm:
       This algorithm is used to identify and classify heart sounds as having “No Murmur”, an
       “Innocent Murmur” (i.e., not pathologic), or a “Structural Murmur” (i.e., pathologic).
  ● Murmur Timing Algorithm:
       This algorithm is used to identify in which regions of the heart cycle (systole vs diastole)
       a heart murmur occurs if either an “Innocent Murmur” or “Structural Murmur” is
        identified by the Murmur Detection and Classification Algorithm.


INDICATIONS FOR USE

The Eko Murmur Analysis Software is intended to provide decision support to clinicians in their
evaluation of patients' heart sounds. The software analyzes heart sounds and phonocardiograms
(and ECG signals, when available). The software will automatically detect murmurs that may be
present, and the murmur timing and character, including S1, S2, innocent heart murmurs,
structural heart murmurs, and the absence of a heart murmur.

The Eko Murmur Analysis Software is not intended as a sole means of diagnosis and is for use in
environments where health care is provided by clinicians. The interpretations of heart sounds
offered by the software are meant only to provide decision support to the clinician, who may use
the result in conjunction with their own evaluation and clinical judgment. The interpretations are
not diagnoses. The Eko Murmur Analysis Software is intended for use on pediatric and adult
patients.

SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE

Eko Murmur Analysis Software (EMAS) has the same intended use as the predicate devices for
providing support to the physician in the evaluation of heart-related physiological data.
Additionally, EMAS combines the indications of the predicate devices into a single product:
algorithms to classify suspected murmurs as either innocent or structural, similar to that of the
eMurmur ID; and algorithms that analyze heart sound data to identify the presence of suspected
murmurs, similar to that of the Eko Analysis Software. Any differences in the Eko Murmur

K213794
                                                                                           Page 3 of 6


Analysis Software’s indication statement, i.e., omission of certain outputs and compatible device
information, do not alter the intended diagnostic effect of the device.

Eko Murmur Analysis Software also has similar technological characteristics as the predicate
devices in regard to it being a software-only analysis tool that analyzes and classifies heart sound
data. EMAS’s new technological characteristics, i.e., proprietary analysis algorithms, could
affect its safety or effectiveness, but do not raise any different questions of safety or
effectiveness, because they analyze the same data (input) to determine the same parameters
(output) as those of the predicate devices. The performance testing data shown in this
application demonstrate that the Eko Murmur Analysis Software is as safe and as effective as the
predicate device(s).

A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.

Table 1 Substantial Equivalence Summary Comparison
  Parameters   Eko Murmur Analysis       eMurmur ID          Eko Analysis
                      Software           (Primary Predicate)           Software
                                                                (Secondary Predicate)

 FDA Number  K213794               K181988                K192004


 Indications for  The Eko Murmur Analysis  The eMurmur ID software   The Eko Analysis
 Use           Software is intended to     system is a decision         Software is intended to
                provide decision support    support device for the       provide support to the
                  to clinicians in their         healthcare provider (the      physician in the
                 evaluation of patients'       user) in the evaluation of     evaluation of patients'
                  heart sounds. The software  patient heart sounds.         heart sounds and
                 analyzes heart sounds and  eMurmur ID is used to      ECG’s. The software
               phonocardiograms (and     record, display, analyze,     analyzes simultaneous
           ECG signals, when        and store the acoustic     ECG and heart sounds.
                   available). The software     signal of the heart,         The software will
                  will automatically detect    recorded by means of an     detect the presence of
              murmurs that may be        electronic stethoscope. The   suspected murmurs in
                  present, and the murmur    automated analysis will      the heart sounds. The
                timing and character,        identify specific heart        software also detects
                 including S1, S2, innocent  sounds that may be present,  the presence of atrial
                  heart murmurs, structural    including S1, S2,              fibrillation and normal
                  heart murmurs, and the      physiological heart           sinus rhythm from the
                absence of a heart         murmurs, pathological    ECG signal. In
              murmur.                    heart murmurs and absence   addition, it calculates
                                             of a heart murmur.            certain cardiac time
              The Eko Murmur Analysis                                  intervals such as heart
                Software is not intended    eMurmur ID is indicated      rate, QRS duration and
                 as a sole means of           for use in a setting where   EMAT. The software
                 diagnosis and is for use in   auscultation would          does not distinguish

K213794
                                                                                          Page 4 of 6


 Parameters   Eko Murmur Analysis       eMurmur ID          Eko Analysis
                     Software           (Primary Predicate)           Software
                                                               (Secondary Predicate)

               environments where         typically be performed by a  between different kinds
                health care is provided by   healthcare provider. It is     of murmurs and does
                  clinicians. The              not intended as a sole        not identify other
                 interpretations of heart     means of diagnosis. The     arrhythmias.
              sounds offered by the        heart sound interpretations
                software are meant only to  offered by eMurmur ID are   It is not intended as a
               provide decision support    only significant when        sole means of
                 to the clinician, who may   considered in conjunction    diagnosis. The
               use the result in            with healthcare provider      interpretations of heart
                conjunction with their       over-read and including all   sounds and ECG
            own evaluation and         other relevant patient data.   offered by the software
                  clinical judgment. The                                    are only significant
                 interpretations are not                           when used in
                diagnoses. The Eko                                     conjunction with
            Murmur Analysis                                       physician over-read and
               Software is intended for                                          is for use on adults (>
               use on pediatric and adult                           18 years).
                  patients.

Patient         Adult and pediatric         Adult and pediatric patients  Adult patients
Population      patients

Device      DQD, DQC, DPS       DQD, DQC            MWI, DQD, DPS
Classification

Prescribed      Prescription Only           Prescription Only            Prescription Only


Components    Software Only             Software Only              Software Only


Interface        Callable application      N/A (Self-contained         Callable application
              programming interface      software application)       programming interface
               (API)                                               (API)

Display      No primary display      No primary display       No primary display

Murmur      Yes                   Yes                    Yes
Detection

Murmur      Yes                   Yes                 No
Classification

K213794
                                                                                           Page 5 of 6


PERFORMANCE DATA - NONCLINICAL TESTING SUMMARY

The Eko Murmur Analysis Software was the subject of software verification and validation
testing, consistent with the principles outlined in FDA’s General Principles of Software
Validation; Final Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff issued May 11, 2005.

PERFORMANCE DATA - CLINICAL TESTING SUMMARY

The algorithms in this submission have been validated using retrospective analysis on a proprietary
database. The database contains 2,380 unique heart sound recordings from 615 unique subjects.
In the proprietary database, all heart sound recordings were collected using the Eko CORE (67.6%)
or Eko DUO (32.4%) digital stethoscopes. The subject population was 42.6% female and had an
age range of 0 to 95 years old, race was recorded in 45% of the subjects and out of that subset,
98% were white, 1.5% were African American and 0.7% were Asian. No complications or adverse
events were experienced during the use of the EMAS device.

All recordings were annotated by multiple cardiologists in respect to their quality and the presence
of any murmur. Of the recordings identified as being good signal by the expert cardiologists, 45.8%
had a confirmed structural murmur and 54.2% had a confirmed no murmur or innocent murmur.
Ground truth for murmur classification was obtained via pairing cardiologist annotations with gold
standard echocardiogram. Additionally, 299 heart sound recordings were annotated by expert
cardiologists to obtain the timing of the S1 and S2 sounds. Cardiologists were blinded to all subject
demographic data and echocardiogram findings during annotation.

No study subjects included in the training datasets were included in the test database. All
algorithm testing was performed once the final EMAS version was locked.

The following tables demonstrate the results of the primary performance analyses (Murmur
Classification and Heart Sound Timing).

Table 2 EMAS Murmur Classification Performance

                                      Sensitivity (%)                   Specificity (%)


                                        85.6                            84.4
 Murmur Classification
                          (95% CI: 82.6 - 88.7)          (95% CI: 81.3 - 87.5)


The lower bounds of the 95% confidence intervals of the primary predicate device are 72.9% and
74.9% for sensitivity and specificity, respectively. Through clinical validation, the lower bound
of EMAS’ calculated 95% confidence interval is found to be above 75.0%, thus demonstrating
substantially equivalent performance (effectiveness) to the predicate device (eMurmur).

K213794
                                                                                           Page 6 of 6


Table 3 EMAS Heart Sound Timing Performance

                                               Sensitivity (%)         PPV (%)


                                                 96.2                     97.1
                   S1 Detection
                                  (95% CI: 94.9 - 97.4)     (95% CI: 96.3 - 98.0)
    Heart Sound
      Timing
                                                 92.3                     94.3
                   S2 Detection
                                  (95% CI: 90.3 - 94.3)     (95% CI: 93.4 - 95.1)


Given the data described above, the EMAS algorithm testing shows substantially equivalent
performance to the predicate devices where applicable. Based on the clinical performance, the
Eko Murmur Analysis Software has a safety and effectiveness profile that is similar to the
predicate devices.

CONCLUSIONS

The Eko Murmur Analysis Software is as safe and as effective as the predicate devices. The Eko
Murmur Analysis Software has the same intended uses and similar indications, technological
characteristics, and principles of operation as its primary predicate device. The minor
differences in indications do not alter the intended diagnostic use of the device and do not raise
different questions of safety and effectiveness when used as labeled. In addition, the minor
technological differences between the Eko Murmur Analysis Software and its predicate devices
raise no new issues of safety or effectiveness. Performance data demonstrate that the Eko
Murmur Analysis Software is as safe and effective as the predicate devices. Thus, the Eko
Murmur Analysis Software is substantially equivalent.