February 18, 2022
GE Medical Systems, LLC.
℅ Amy Yang
Regulatory Affairs Manager
3000 N. Grandview Blvd.
WAUKESHA WI 53188


Re: K213999
    Trade/Device Name: Deep Learning Image Reconstruction
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-Ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: December 20, 2021
    Received: December 21, 2021

Dear Amy Yang:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K213999 - Amy Yang                                                                 Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                                                                                    Digitally signed by
                                                                           Laurel M. Burk -S
                                                                         Date: 2022.02.18
                                                                         13:56:03 -05'00'
                                             Laurel Burk
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-ray Systems Team
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR


                             K213999


                Section 4:  Indications for Use Statement

             Deep Learning Image Reconstruction (DLIR)


                                               4-1

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)

K213999

Device Name
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Deep Learning Image Reconstruction option is a deep learning based reconstruction method intended to produce
cross-sectional images of the head and whole body by computer reconstruction of X-ray transmission data taken at
different angles and planes, including Axial, Helical (Volumetric), and Cardiac acquisitions, for all ages.

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction can be used for head, whole body, cardiac, and vascular CT applications.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR

                     510(k) SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVNESS   K213999

This 510(k) summary of Safety and Effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the
requirement of 21 CFR Part 807.92:

  Date:                  December 20, 2021

  Submitter:             GE Medical Systems, LLC
                         3000 North Grandview Blvd
                         Waukesha, WI 53188

  Primary Contact:        Amy Yang
                             Regulatory Affairs Manager
                      GE Healthcare
                          Phone: 1-414-514-3904
                              Email: amy.yang@ge.com
  Secondary Contacts:       Helen Peng
                             Senior Regulatory Affairs Director
                      GE Healthcare
                          Phone: 1-262-424-8222
                              Email: hong.peng@med.ge.com

                              Nikolina Mavrodieva
                             Regulatory Affairs Leader
                      GE Healthcare
                          Phone: 1-905-302-3913
                              Email: nikolina.mavrodieva@ge.com


  Subject Device Name:     Deep Learning Image Reconstruction
  Device Classification        Class II
  Regulation Number/      21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
  Product Code:
  Predicate Device Information
  Device Name:           Deep Learning Image Reconstruction
  Manufacturer:          GE Medical Systems, LLC
  510(k) Number:          K183202 cleared on April 12, 2019
  Regulation Number/      21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
  Product Code:


                                       Page-1

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR

  Reference Devices Information
  Device Name:             ASiR-V
  Manufacturer:          GE Medical Systems, LLC
  510(k) Number:          K134640 cleared on March 25, 2014
  Regulation Number/      21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
  Product Code:

Device Description
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction is an image reconstruction method that uses a dedicated Deep
Neural Network (DNN) that has been designed and trained specifically to generate CT Images to give an
image appearance, as shown on axial NPS plots, similar to traditional FBP images while maintaining the
performance of ASiR-V in the following areas: image noise (pixel standard deviation), low contrast
detectability, high-contrast spatial resolution, and streak artifact suppression.
The images produced are branded as “TrueFidelityTM CT Images”. Reconstruction times with Deep
Learning Image Reconstruction support a normal throughput for routine CT.
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction was trained specifically on the Revolution CT/Apex platform
(K163213, K133705, K191777). The deep learning technology is integrated into the scanner’s existing
raw data-based image reconstruction chain to produce DICOM compatible “TrueFidelityTM CT Images”.
The system allows user selection of three strengths of Deep Learning Image Recon: Low, Medium or
High. The strength selection will vary with individual users’ preferences and experience for the specific
clinical need.
The DLIR algorithm is now being modified on the Revolution family CT systems (K133705, K163213,
K191777) for improved reconstruction speed and image quality, thus triggering this premarket
notification.
Compared to the predicate device, the intended use and indications for use of Deep Learning
Image Reconstruction are identical.
Intended Use
The Deep Learning Image Reconstruction option is intended for head, whole body, cardiac, and vascular
CT scans.
Indications for Use

The Deep Learning Image Reconstruction option is a deep learning based reconstruction method
intended to produce cross-sectional images of the head and whole body by computer reconstruction of
X-ray transmission data taken at different angles and planes, including Axial, Helical (Volumetric), and
Cardiac acquisitions, for all ages.
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction can be used for head, whole body, cardiac, and vascular CT
applications.


                                       Page-2

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR

Comparisons
The modified Deep Learning Image Reconstruction (DLIR) option is substantially equivalent to the
predicate device K183202. The modified DLIR is based on the same fundamental technology as the
predicate device and is implemented on the Revolution CT/Apex platform (K133705, K163213,
K191777). They utilize the same hardware and software platform technology on which substantial
equivalence is demonstrated. The table below summarizes the substantive feature/technological
similarities and differences between the predicate device and the proposed device:
 Specification/ Attribute    Predicate Device                      Proposed Device
                          DLIR for Revolution CT (K183202)                                                                Modified DLIR for
                                                                   Revolution CT/Apex
                                                                   platform
 Technology               DLIR uses a dedicated Deep Neural      Same DNN technology with
                        Network (DNN) which is trained on the    revised network
                       CT scanner and therefore models the      architecture with retraining
                          propagation of noise through the system  and inferencing techniques
                            to identify and remove the noise
 System statistics - Noise    Characterization of the photon statistics  Same
 modeling of the data       as it propagates through the
 collection imaging chain    preprocessing and calibration imaging
 (photon noise and         chain
 electronic noise)
 System statistics – Noise   DLIR uses a trained DNN which models   Same
 characteristics of the      the scanned object using information
 reconstructed images      obtained from extensive phantom and
                                  clinical data to identify the noise
                               characteristics and remove it
 Clinical Workflow           Select recon type and strength (Low,     Same
                       Medium, High).

The subject device Deep Learning Image Reconstruction does not introduce any additional risks/hazards,
warnings, or limitations.


                                       Page-3

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR

Determination of Substantial Equivalence
Summary of Non-Clinical Testing
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction has successfully completed the design control testing per our
quality system. No additional hazards were identified, and no unexpected test results were observed.
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction was designed under the Quality System Regulations of 21CFR 820
and ISO 13485. GE believes that the extensive bench testing and the physician evaluation are sufficient
for FDA’s substantial equivalence determination.
The following quality assurance measures have been applied to the development of the system:
       •  Requirement Definition
       •   Risk Analysis and Control
       •   Technical Design Reviews
       •  Formal Design Reviews
       •  Software Development Lifecycle
           o  Code Review
           o  Software Unit Implementation
           o  Software Integrations and Integration Testing
       •  System Testing
           o  Safety Testing (Verification)
           o  Image Performance Testing (Verification)
           o  Simulating Use Testing (Validation)
       •  Software Release
The testing and results did not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness than associated with
predicate device. We consider the proposed device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device,
DLIR.
The substantial equivalence is also based on the software documentation for a “Moderate” level of
concern.


Additional Non-Clinical Testing
Engineering bench testing was performed to support substantial equivalence and the product
performance claims. The evaluation and analysis used the same test methodologies and acceptance
criteria with the identical raw datasets obtained on GE’s Revolution CT/Apex platform and then applying
the Deep Learning Image Reconstruction or ASiR-V reconstruction (hence the dose (CTDlvol) is identical
for both). The resultant images were then compared for:
    •  Low Contrast Detectability (LCD)
    •  Image Noise (pixel standard deviation)
    •   High-Contrast Spatial Resolution (MTF)
    •   Streak Artifact Suppression
    •   Spatial Resolution, longitudinal (FWHM slice sensitivity profile)
    •   Noise Power Spectrum (NPS) and Standard Deviation of noise
    •  CT Number Uniformity
                                       Page-4

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR

    •  CT Number Accuracy
    •   Contrast to Noise (CNR) ratio
    •   Artifact analysis – metal objects, unintended motion, truncation
    •   Pediatric Phantom IQ Performance Evaluation
   •  Low Dose Lung Cancer Screening Protocol IQ Performance Evaluation

Clinical Testing
The reader study used a total of 40 retrospectively collected clinical cases. The raw data from each of
these cases was reconstructed with both ASiR-V and Deep Learning Image Reconstruction and
presented side by side to each reader independently. The results of the study support substantial
equivalence and performance claims.
These images were read by 6 board certified radiologists with expertise in the specialty areas that align
with the anatomical region of each case. Each image was read by 3 different radiologists who provided
an assessment of image quality related to diagnostic use according to a 5-point Likert scale. Three
readers read the cases primarily covering body and extremity anatomy, and three different readers read
the cases primarily covering neuro anatomy.
Additionally, the readers were asked to compare directly the ASIR-V and Deep Learning Image
Reconstruction images according to three key metrics of image quality preference – image noise
texture, image sharpness, and image noise texture homogeneity.
The result of this reader study confirmed that the DLIR (the subject device) produce diagnostic quality
images and have significantly better subjective image quality than the corresponding images generated
with the ASiR-V reconstruction algorithm.


Substantial Equivalence
The changes associated with Deep Learning Image Reconstruction do not change the Intended Use or
indications for use from the predicate, and represent equivalent technological characteristics including
the dedicated neural network, with no impact on control mechanism or operating principle.
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction was developed under GE Healthcare’s quality system. Design
verification, along with bench testing and the clinical reader study provided in this submission
demonstrates that modified Deep Learning Image Reconstruction is substantially equivalent and hence
as safe and as effective as the legally marketed predicate device. GE’s quality system’s design,
verification, and risk management processes did not identify any additional hazards, unexpected results,
or adverse effects stemming from the changes to the predicate.
GE Healthcare believes that Deep Learning Image Reconstruction is substantially equivalent to the
predicate device and hence is safe and effective for its intended use.


                                       Page-5