Philips Medical Systems Nederland, B.V.                           May 16, 2022
℅ Susan Quick
Sr. Manager Regulatory Affairs
Veenpluis 4-6
5684PC Best
NETHERLANDS

Re: K213583
    Trade/Device Name: Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition and Ingenia Ambition MR Systems
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic resonance diagnostic device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH, LNI
    Dated: April 14, 2022
    Received: April 15, 2022

Dear Susan Quick:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K213583 - Susan Quick                                                                Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                 For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                            Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food ang Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K213583
Device Name
Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition, and Ingenia Ambition MR Systems
Indications for Use (Describe)
Philips Magnetic Resonance (MR) systems are Medical Electrical Systems indicated for use as a diagnostic device.
This MR system enables trained physicians to obtain cross-sectional images. spectroscopic images and/or spectra of the
internal structure of the head, body or extremities, in any orientation, representing the spatial distribution of protons or
other nuclei with spin.
Image appearance is determined by many different physical properties of the tissue and the anatomy, the MR scan
technique applied, and presence of contrast agents. The use of contrast agents for diagnostic imaging applications should
be performed consistent with the approved labeling for the contrast agent.
The trained clinical user can adjust the MR scan parameters to customize image appearance, accelerate image acquisition,
and synchronize with the patient’s breathing or cardiac cycle.
The systems can use combinations of images to produce physical parameters, and related derived images. Images, spectra,
and measurements of physical parameters, when interpreted by a trained physician, provide information that may assist
diagnosis and therapy planning. The accuracy of determined physical parameters depends on system and scan parameters,
and must be controlled and validated by the clinical user.
In addition the Philips MR systems provide imaging capabilities, such as MR fluoroscopy, to guide and evaluate
interventional and minimally invasive procedures in the head, body and extremities.
MR Interventional procedures, performed inside or adjacent to the Philips MR system, must be performed with MR
Conditional or MR Safe instrumentation as selected and evaluated by the clinical user for use with the specific MR system
configuration in the hospital. The appropriateness and use of information from a Philips MR system for a specific
interventional procedure and specific MR system configuration must be validated by the clinical user.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
[X] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (_] Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) ge Lpofizs PSC Publishing Services (301) 443.6740 EF

Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.
                                                   Magnetic Resonance Imaging
                                                      Abbreviated 510(k)
                                                   K213583


    Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia
  Elition, and Ingenia Ambition MR Systems


                Section 5

             510(k) Summary


Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submission                                  S5
Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.
Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition,
and Ingenia Ambition MR Systems

Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.
                                                   Magnetic Resonance Imaging
                                                      Abbreviated 510(k)

510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is prepared in accordance with 21
CFR §807.92.
 Date Prepared:      Nov. 10, 2021
 Manufacturer:        Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.
                      Veenpluis 4-6, 5684 PC, Best, The Netherlands
                      Establishment Registration Number: 3003768277
 Primary Contact     Jan van de Kerkhof
 Person:               Sr. Manager Regulatory Affairs
                     Telephone: +31 613300542
                        E-mail: jan.van.de.kerkhof@philips.com

 Secondary Contact  Susan Quick
 Person              Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                     Telephone: (440) 8694612
                        E-mail: susan.quick@philips.com
 Device Name:        Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition, and Ingenia Ambition MR
                    Systems
 Classification:        Classification name:      Magnetic  Resonance  Diagnostic  Device
                                     (MRDD)
                          Classification         21CFR 892.1000
                       Regulation:
                          Classification Panel:      Radiology
                     Device Class:           Class II
                      Primary Product Code:   90LNH
                                          90LNI
 Primary Predicate   Trade name:             Achieva, Intera, Ingenia, Ingneia CX, Ingenia
 Device:                                                 Elition, And Ingenia Ambition MR Systems
                                           R5.7
                       Manufacturer:              Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.
                       510(k) Clearance:       K193215
                          Classification         21CFR 892.1000
                       Regulation:
                          Classification name:      Magnetic  Resonance  Diagnostic  Device
                                     (MRDD)
                          Classification Panel:      Radiology
                     Device class            Class II
                      Product Code:         90LNH
                                          90LNI


Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submission                                  S5
Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.
Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition,
and Ingenia Ambition MR Systems

Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.
                                                   Magnetic Resonance Imaging
                                                      Abbreviated 510(k)

 Device            The proposed Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition and
 Description:        Ingenia Ambition MR Systems R11.0 are 60 cm and 70 cm bore 1.5
                   and 3.0 Tesla (1.5T and 3.0T) Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic
                      Devices, hereafter to be known as Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX,
                     Ingenia Elition and Ingenia Ambition MR Systems.

                      This bundled abbreviated 510(k) submission will include modifications
                         of the Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition and Ingenia
                   Ambition MR Systems as compared to our legally marketed devices
                    Achieva, Intera, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition and Ingenia
                   Ambition MR Systems R5.7 (K193215, 04/10/2020).

                         In this 510(k) submission, Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V. will
                   be addressing the following minor software enhancements to the
                    proposed Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition and Ingenia
                   Ambition MR Systems when compared to the legally marketed
                       predicate Achieva, Intera, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition and
                     Ingenia Ambition MR Systems R5.7 (K193215, 04/10/2020):
                             1. SmartSpeed AI
                             2. SmartSpeed MotionFree
                             3. SmartSpeed 3D FreeBreathing
                             4. SmartSpeed Implant
                             5. SmartSpeed DWI
                             6. MR Workspace
                             7. ISP MR Packages
                             8.  Extended functionality Options

                      This 510(k) submission will also address the following minor hardware
                    enhancements:
                            1. Introduction of a graphical processing unit in the host recon
                         computer for image reconstruction
                            2. Additional monitor as part of the operating console

                  The supporting documentation provided for the proposed Achieva,
                      Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition and Ingenia Ambition MR
                   Systems, includes software and hardware modifications that are
                    addressed in test reports for system level development project,
                     Voyager.

                  The proposed Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition and
                     Ingenia Ambition MR Systems are intended to be marketed with the
                        following pulse sequences and coils that are previously cleared by
                  FDA:


Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submission                                  S5
Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.
Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition,
and Ingenia Ambition MR Systems

Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.
                                                   Magnetic Resonance Imaging
                                                      Abbreviated 510(k)

                             1. mDIXON (K102344)
                             2. SWIp (K131241)
                             3. mDIXON-Quant (K133526)
                             4. MRE (K140666)
                             5. mDIXON XD (K143128)
                             6. O-MAR (K143253)
                             7. 3D APT (K172920)
                             8.  Compatible System Coils

 Indications for      There are no changes to the indications for use statement, provided
 Use:                below, of the proposed Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition and
                       Ingenia Ambition MR Systems.

                         Philips Magnetic Resonance (MR) systems are Medical  Electrical
                   Systems indicated for use as a diagnostic device.

                      This MR system enables trained physicians to obtain cross-sectional
                     images, spectroscopic images and/or spectra of the internal structure of
                      the head, body or extremities, in any orientation, representing the spatial
                          distribution of protons or other nuclei with spin.

                   Image appearance is determined by many different physical properties
                         of the tissue and the anatomy, the MR scan technique applied, and
                    presence of contrast agents.

                  The use of contrast agents for diagnostic imaging applications should be
                     performed consistent with the approved labeling for the contrast agent.

                  The  trained  clinical user can adjust the MR scan parameters  to
                     customize image  appearance,  accelerate image  acquisition, and
                      synchronize with the patient’s breathing or cardiac cycle. The systems
                   can use combinations of images to produce physical parameters, and
                        related derived images. Images, spectra, and measurements of physical
                      parameters, when interpreted by a trained physician, provide information
                         that may assist diagnosis and therapy planning. The accuracy  of
                     determined  physical  parameters  depends  on  system  and  scan
                     parameters and must be controlled and validated by the clinical user.

                         In addition, the Philips MR systems provide imaging capabilities, such
                    as MR fluoroscopy, to guide and evaluate interventional and minimally
                       invasive  procedures   in  the  head,  body  and  extremities. MR
                        Interventional procedures, performed inside or adjacent to the Philips
             MR system, must be performed with MR Conditional or MR Safe
                       instrumentation as selected and evaluated by the clinical user for use
                        with  the  specific MR system  configuration  in  the  hospital. The
                      appropriateness and use of information from a Philips MR system for a
                         specific interventional procedure and specific MR system configuration
                   must be validated by the clinical user.


Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submission                                  S5
Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.
Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition,
and Ingenia Ambition MR Systems

Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.
                                                   Magnetic Resonance Imaging
                                                      Abbreviated 510(k)

 Design Features/   The proposed Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition and
 Fundamental       Ingenia Ambition MR Systems are based on the principle that certain
                     atomic nuclei present in the human body will emit a weak relaxation Scientific
                        signal when placed in a strong magnetic field and excited by a radio Technology:
                        signal at the precession frequency. The emitted relaxation signals are
                     analyzed by the system and a computed image reconstruction  is
                      displayed on a video screen.

                  The principal technological components (magnet, transmit body coil,
                       gradient coil, gradient amplifier, RF amplifier and patient support) of the
                    proposed Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition and Ingenia
                   Ambition MR Systems are identical to those used  in the legally
                    marketed predicate device Achieva, Intera, Ingenia, Ingenia CX,
                     Ingenia Elition and Ingenia Ambition MR systems R5.7 (K193215,
                      04/10/2020).

                  The software R11 used on the proposed Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia
                   CX, Ingenia Elition and Ingenia Ambition MR Systems has been
                      modified to include the SmartSpeed AI feature combining the
                       previously cleared and legally marketed feature Compressed-SENSE
                    (K193215, 04/10/2020) with machine learning to allow for higher
                       accelerations with equal or better image quality.
 Summary of Non-   The proposed Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition and
 Clinical             Ingenia Ambition MR Systems are compliance with the following
                         international and FDA-recognized consensus standards: Performance Data:
                          •  IEC60601-1 Edition 3
                          •  IEC60601-1-2 Edition 4
                          •  IEC60601-1-6 Edition 3
                          •  IEC62366-1 Edition 1
                          •  IEC60601-1-8 Edition 2
                          •  IEC60601-2-33 Edition 3
                          •  IEC 62304 Edition 1
                          •  NEMA MS-1 2008
                          •  NEMA MS-4 2010
                          •  NEMA MS-8 2008
                          •  NEMA PS 3.1-PS 3.20
                          •  ISO 14971 Edition 2
                          •  Device specific guidance document, entitled “Guidance for the
                           Submission Of Premarket Notifications for Magnetic Resonance
                             Diagnostic Devices” (issued November 18, 2016 – document
                        number 340)
                          •  Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff – Guidance for the
                           Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in
                            Medical Devices (issued May 11, 2005 – document number
                           337)
                          •  Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff – Content of Premarket
                           Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical
                           Devices (issued October 2, 2014 – document number 1825)

Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submission                                  S5
Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.
Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition,
and Ingenia Ambition MR Systems

Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.
                                                   Magnetic Resonance Imaging
                                                      Abbreviated 510(k)

                          •  Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff – Applying Human Factors
                         and Usability Engineering to Medical Devices (issued February
                                 3, 2016 – document number 1757)
                          •  Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff – Use of International
                           Standard ISO 10993-1, “Biological evaluation of medical
                            devices - Part 1: Evaluation and testing within a risk
                       management process” (issued June 16, 2016 – document
                        number 1811)
                          •  Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff – Information to Support a
                           Claim of Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC) of ElectricallyPowered Medical Devices (issued July 11, 2016 – document
                        number 1400057)
                          •  Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff – Design Considerations
                         and Premarket Submission Recommendations for Interoperable
                            Medical Devices (issued September 6, 2017 – document
                        number 1500015)

                       Non-Clinical verification and or validation tests have been performed
                        with regards to the intended use, the technical claims, the requirement
                        specifications and the risk management results.

                  The SmartSpeed AI feature has undergone performance testing on
                   component and system level.
                A variety of datasets from different anatomies and image contrasts,
                       varying SNR levels and acceleration factors were reconstructed with
                   and without SmartSpeed AI and compared to fully sampled ground
                          truth data. A pixel-wise comparison was performed to confirm that
                   SmartSpeed AI does provide comparable or better results than the
                     data reconstructed without SmartSpeed AI. SmartSpeed AI showed
                         better alignment with the ground truth data for high acceleration factors
                   and low SNR levels compared to the data reconstructed without
                   SmartSpeed AI.

                         In vivo images were analyzed to confirm that SmartSpeed AI does not
                       negatively impact image quality measures when acquired with reduced
                    scan time. A reader evaluation study with US board certified
                         radiologists was performed on SmartSpeed AI images acquired across
                   a variety of pulse sequences and anatomies. Radiologists were asked
                         to perform comparisons of SmartSpeed AI images acquired with
                       shorter scan times and images without SmartSpeed AI acquired with
                       longer scan times.

                  The combined results of the comparison described above confirmed
                         that the SmartSpeed AI feature provides images with equivalent or
                        better image quality.

                  The verification and/or validation test results demonstrate that the
                    proposed Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition and Ingenia


Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submission                                  S5
Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.
Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition,
and Ingenia Ambition MR Systems

Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.
                                                   Magnetic Resonance Imaging
                                                      Abbreviated 510(k)

                   Ambition MR Systems meet the acceptance criteria and are adequate
                           for the intended use.

                         Additionally, the risk management activities show that all risks are
                           sufficiently mitigated; that new risks that were identified are mitigated to
                   an acceptable level; and that the overall residual risk is acceptable.

                       Therefore, the proposed Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia
                        Elition and Ingenia Ambition MR Systems are substantially
                       equivalent to the legally marketed predicate devices Achieva, Intera,
                      Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition and Ingenia Ambition MR
                  systems R5.7 (K193215, 04/10/2020), in terms of safety and
                        effectiveness.
 Summary of       The proposed Ingenia Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition
 Clinical Data:      and Ingenia Ambition MR Systems did not require a clinical study
                      since substantial equivalence to the legally marketed predicate device
                  was proven with the verification/validation testing.
 Substantial        The proposed Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition and
 Equivalence:       Ingenia Ambition MR Systems and the legally marketed predicate
                      device Achieva, Intera, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition and
                     Ingenia Ambition MR systems R5.7 (K193215, 04/10/2020), have the
                 same indications for use with respect to the following:
                       •   Providing cross-sectional images based on the magnetic resonance
                     phenomenon
                       •   Interpretation  of  the images  is  the  responsibility  of  trained
                           physicians
                       •  Images can be used  for interventional and treatment planning
                        purposes

                  The proposed Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition and Conclusion:
                     Ingenia Ambition MR Systems are substantially equivalent to the
                          legally marketed predicate device Achieva, Intera, Ingenia, Ingenia
                   CX,  Ingenia  Elition and  Ingenia Ambition MR systems R5.7
                    (K193215, 04/10/2020),  in terms  of design  features, fundamental
                           scientific technology, indications for use, and safety and effectiveness.
                         Additionally, substantial equivalence is demonstrated with non-clinical
                    performance (verification and validation) tests, which complied with the
                     requirements  specified  in  the  international  and  FDA-recognized
                    consensus standards and device-specific guidance.

                  The results of these tests demonstrate that the proposed Achieva,
                      Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition and Ingenia Ambition MR
                  Systems meet the acceptance criteria and are adequate for the intended
                      use.


Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submission                                  S5
Philips Medical Systems Nederland B.V.
Achieva, Ingenia, Ingenia CX, Ingenia Elition,
and Ingenia Ambition MR Systems