Circle Cardiovascular Imaging, Inc.
℅ Sydney Toutant
Regulatory Affairs Lead
Suite 1100 - 800 5th Ave. SW
Calgary, Alberta T2P 3T6
CANADA                                                          7/28/2022

Re: K213998
    Trade/Device Name: cvi42 Auto Imaging Software Application
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: June 27, 2022
    Received: June 28, 2022

Dear Sydney Toutant:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K213998 - Sydney Toutant                                                             Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices
                                           and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K213998
Device Name
cvi42 Auto Imaging Software Application
Indications for Use (Describe)
cvi42 Auto is intended to be used for viewing, post-processing, qualitative and quantitative evaluation of cardiovascular
magnetic resonance (MR) and computed tomography (CT) images in a Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine
(DICOM) Standard format.
It enables a set of tools to assist physicians in qualitative assessment of cardiac images and quantitative measurements of
the heart and adjacent vessels; perform calcium scoring; and to confirm the presence or absence of physician-identified
lesion in blood vessels.
The target population for cvi42 Auto's manual workflows is not restricted; however, cvi42 Auto's semi-automated
machine learning algorithms are intended for an adult population.
cvi42 Auto shall be used only for cardiac images acquired from an MR or CT scanner. It shall be used by qualified
medical professionals, experienced in examining and evaluating cardiovascular MR or CT images, for the purpose of
obtaining diagnostic information as part of a comprehensive diagnostic decision-making process.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K213998 - cvi42 Auto 510(k) Summary


The following 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance
with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92(c).


      I.    SUBMITTER

Submitter’s Name:          Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.
Address:                   Suite 1100 – 800 5th Ave SW, Calgary, AB, Canada, T2P 3T6
Date Prepared:             July 25 2022
Telephone Number:       +1 587 747 4692
Contact Person:          Sydney Toutant
Email:                     sydney.toutant@circlecvi.com


      II.    DEVICE

Name of the Device:        cvi42 Auto Imaging Software Application
Short Brand Name:         cvi42 Auto
Common or Usual Name:  Automated Radiological Image Processing System
Classification Name:       Medical image management and processing system
Proposed Classification:   Device Class: II
                           Primary Product Code: QIH
                         Secondary Product Code: LLZ
                           Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050


      III.   PREDICATE DEVICES

The primary predicate  is cmr42 manufactured by Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc. under
K082628. cvi42, manufactured by Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc. under K141480, is used as
a secondary predicate device and ct42, manufactured by Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc. under
K111373, is used as a tertiary predicate device. The predicate devices have not been subject to
a design-related recall.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.         Non-Confidential                  Page 1 of 9

K213998 - cvi42 Auto 510(k) Summary


    IV.   DEVICE DESCRIPTION

cvi42 Auto is a software as a medical device (SaMD) that is intended for evaluating CT and MR
images  of the cardiovascular system. Combining  digital image processing,  visualization,
quantification, and reporting tools, cvi42 Auto device is designed to support the physician in
confirming the presence or absence of physician-identified lesion in blood vessels and evaluation,
documentation and follow up of any such lesions.
cvi42 Auto uses machine learning techniques to aid in semi-automatic contouring of regions of
interest of cardiac magnetic resonance (MR) or computed tomography (CT) images as follows:
    1.  Cardiac Function: semi-automatic contouring of the four heart chambers (including left
        ventricle, left atrium, right ventricle, right atrium) in MR images.
    2. Calcium Assessment: using pixel intensity technique, identify calcified plaque in major
       coronary arteries in non-contrast enhanced CT images.
    3. Coronary Analysis: semi-automatic placement of centerline in coronary vessels to
        visualize the coronary arteries and assess stenosis in non-contrast enhanced CT images.
The data used to train these machine learning algorithms were sourced from multiple clinical sites
from urban centers and from different countries. When selecting data for training, the importance
of model generalization was considered and data was selected such that a good distribution of
patient demographics, scanner, and image parameters were represented. The separation into
training versus validation datasets is made on the study level to ensure no overlap between the
two sets. As such, different scans from the same study were not split between the training and
validation datasets. None of the cases used for model validation were used for training the
machine learning models.
cvi42 Auto software has a graphical user interface which allows users to analyze cardiac images
qualitatively and quantitatively for volume/mass, function and signal intensity changes including
a reporting function.
The device can be integrated into a hospital, private practice environment, or medical research
institution and provides clinical diagnosis decision support tools for the cardiovascular MR and
CT technique.
Additionally, the software is designed to generate 3D view of the heart in CT images for qualitative
assessment of the coronary artery. No quantitative assessment can be made from the 3D image.
The software does not interface directly with any data collection equipment; instead, the software
uploads data files previously generated by such equipment. Its functionality is independent of the
type of vendor acquisition equipment. The analysis results are available on-screen and can be
saved within the software for future review.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.         Non-Confidential                  Page 2 of 9

K213998 - cvi42 Auto 510(k) Summary


   V.    INDICATIONS FOR USE

cvi42 Auto is intended to be used for viewing, post-processing, qualitative and quantitative
evaluation of cardiovascular magnetic resonance (MR) and computed tomography (CT) images
in a Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) Standard format.
It enables a set of tools to assist physicians in qualitative assessment of cardiac images and
quantitative measurements of the heart and adjacent vessels; perform calcium scoring; and to
confirm the presence or absence of physician-identified lesion in blood vessels.
The target population for cvi42 Auto’s manual workflows is not restricted; however, cvi42 Auto’s
semi-automated machine learning algorithms are intended for an adult population.
cvi42 Auto shall be used only for cardiac images acquired from an MR or CT scanner. It shall be
used by qualified medical professionals, experienced in examining and evaluating cardiovascular
MR or CT images, for the purpose of obtaining diagnostic information as part of a comprehensive
diagnostic decision-making process.

    VI.   COMPARISON WITH PREDICATE DEVICES

The detailed analysis of the subject device and the primary and secondary predicate devices
(shown in Table 1 and Table 2) demonstrates that the subject device is substantially equivalent
in indications for use, intended use, technological characteristics, functionality, and operating
principles with the primary predicate (K082628) and substantially equivalent in intended use and
technological characteristics with the secondary predicate (K141480) and tertiary predicate
(K111373). Of the three characteristics (technical, biological, and  clinical) required for the
demonstration of equivalence, biological characteristics are not applicable since the subject
device and the predicate devices are all software as a medical device applications with no tangible
component interfacing with the body.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.         Non-Confidential                  Page 3 of 9

K213998 - cvi42 Auto 510(k) Summary


                                         Table 1. Comparison to the predicate devices.
               Subject Device                   Primary Predicate               Secondary Predicate                Tertiary Predicate
                 cvi42 Auto (K213998)               cmr42 (K082628)                     cvi42 (K141480)                          ct42 (K111373)
               Manufactured by Circle             Manufactured by Circle             Manufactured by Circle             Manufactured by Circle
Intended Use    Viewing, post-processing,            Viewing, post-processing,            Viewing, post-processing,            Viewing, post-processing,
                   qualitative and quantitative             qualitative and quantitative             qualitative and quantitative             qualitative and quantitative
                 evaluation of blood vessels and       evaluation of cardiovascular MR      evaluation of blood vessels and       evaluation of cardiovascular CT
                 cardiovascular MR and CT images   images in DICOM format.             cardiovascular MR and CT images   images in DICOM format.
                    in DICOM format.                                                                   in DICOM format.
Indications for   cvi42 Auto is intended to be used     cmr42 is intended to be used for       cvi42 vascular analysis add-on is      ct42 is intended to be used for
Use               for viewing, post-processing,          viewing, post-processing and       an image analysis software           viewing, post-processing and
                   qualitative and quantitative            quantitative evaluation of           package add-on for evaluating CT     quantitative evaluation of
                 evaluation of cardiovascular          cardiovascular magnetic resonance  and MR images of blood vessels.     cardiovascular computed
               magnetic resonance (MR) and      (MR) images in a Digital Imaging     Combining digital image processing  tomography (CT) images in a
              computed tomography (CT) images  and Communications in Medicine    and visualization tools such as         Digital Imaging and
                    in a Digital Imaging and            (DICOM) Standard format.            multiplaner reconstruction (MPR),    Communications in Medicine
               Communications in Medicine               It enables;                               thin/think maximum intensity        (DICOM) Standard format.
              (DICOM) Standard format.               • Importing Cardiac MR Images in     projection (MIP) thin and think,            It enables:
                                     DICOM format                        inverted MIP thin and think, volume    • Importing Cardiac CT Images in
                            It enables a set of tools to assist        • Supporting clinical diagnostics by    rendering technique (VRT), curved   DICOM format
                 physicians in qualitative                qualitative analysis of the cardiac     planner reformation, processing         • Supporting clinical diagnostics by
               assessment of cardiac images and  MR images using display              tools such as bone removal (based    qualitative analysis of the cardiac
                  quantitative measurements of the      functionality such as panning,       on both single energy and dual     CT images using display
                 heart and adjacent vessels;          windowing, zooming, navigation      energy) table removal and             functionality such as panning,
                perform calcium scoring; and to      through series/slices and phases.     evaluation tools (vessel centerline    windowing, zooming, navigation
                 confirm the presence or absence of    • Supporting clinical diagnostics by    calculation, lumen calculation,        through series/slices and phases,
                  physician-identified lesion in blood    quantitative measurement of the      stenosis calculation) and reporting   3D reconstruction of images
                 vessels.                             heart and adjacent vessels in          tools (lesion location, lesion           including multi-lanner
                                                      cardiac MR images, specifically       characteristics) and key images),     reconstructions of the images.
              The target population for cvi42        distance, area, volume and mass     the software package is designed      • Supporting clinical diagnostics by
                 Auto’s manual workflows is not          • Supporting clinical diagnostics by    to support the physician in             quantitative measurement of the
                    restricted; however, cvi42 Auto’s      using area and volume              conforming the presence or           heart and adjacent vessels in
               semi-automated machine learning    measurements for measuring LV     absence of physician identified       cardiac CT images, specifically
                 algorithms are intended for an adult   function and derived parameters      lesion in blood vessels and           distance, area, volume and mass
                  population.                          cardiac output and cardiac index in    evaluation, documentation and          • Supporting clinical diagnostics by
                                                    long axis and short axis cardiac MR   follow up of any such lesions.        using area and volume
                 cvi42 Auto shall be used only for     images.                                                       measurements for measuring LV
                 cardiac images acquired from an       • Flow quantifications based on            It shall be used by qualified medical   function and derived parameters
          MR or CT scanner. It shall be used    velocity encodes images              professionals, experienced in         cardiac output and cardiac index in
               by qualified medical professionals,                                     examining and evaluating            long axis and short axis cardiac CT
                experienced in examining and                                             cardiovascular CT or MR images,    images.


                      Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.         Non-Confidential                  Page 4 of 9

K213998 - cvi42 Auto 510(k) Summary


Subject Device                   Primary Predicate               Secondary Predicate                Tertiary Predicate
cvi42 Auto (K213998)               cmr42 (K082628)                     cvi42 (K141480)                          ct42 (K111373)
Manufactured by Circle             Manufactured by Circle             Manufactured by Circle             Manufactured by Circle
evaluating cardiovascular MR or          It shall be used by qualified medical   for the purpose of obtaining              • Supporting clinical diagnostics by
CT images, for the purpose of         professionals, experienced in         diagnostic information as part of a     quantitative measurements of
obtaining diagnostic information as   examining and evaluating           comprehensive diagnostic decision-   calcified plaques in the coronary
part of a comprehensive diagnostic   cardiovascular MR images, for the    making process. cvi42 is a software   arteries (calcium scoring),
decision-making process.           purpose of obtaining diagnostic       application that can be used as a      specifically Agatston and volume
                                      information as part of a              stand-alone product or in a         and mass calcium scores
                                 comprehensive diagnostic decision-  networked environment.
                                making process. cmr42 is a software                                                                 It shall be used by qualified
                                       application that can be used as a    The target population for the cvi42    medical professionals, experienced
                                    stand-alone product or in a              is not restricted.                          in examining and evaluating
                                 networked environment.                                                   cardiovascular CT images, for the
                                                                                                   purpose of obtaining diagnostic
                              The target population for the cmr42                                          information as part of a
                                               is not restricted, however the image                                   comprehensive diagnostic
                                        acquisition by a cardiac magnetic                                        decision-making process. ct42 is a
                                 resonance scanner may limit the                                          software application that can be
                                use of the device for certain sectors                                  used as a stand-alone product or
                                         of the general public.                                                               in a networked environment.

                                   cmr42 shall not be used to view or                                  The target population for the ct42 is
                                   analyze images of any part of the                                          not restricted, however the image
                               body except the cardiac magnetic                                             acquisition by a cardiac CT
                                 resonance images acquired from a                                     scanner may limit the use of the
                                     cardiovascular magnetic resonance                                      device for certain sectors of the
                                   scanner.                                                               general public.

                                                                                                                                      ct42 shall not be used to view or
                                                                                                        analyze images of any part of the
                                                                                              body except the cardiac CT
                                                                                               images acquired from a
                                                                                                               cardiovascular CT scanner.


       Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.         Non-Confidential                  Page 5 of 9

K213998 - cvi42 Auto 510(k) Summary


                    Table 2. Feature comparison table of cvi42 Auto with the predicate devices.
                     Cells marked as N/A are features already supported by the primary predicate.
Feature                Subject Device              Primary Predicate          Secondary Predicate      Tertiary Predicate
                          cvi42 Auto (K213998)          cmr42 (K082628)               cvi42 (K141480)           ct42 (K111373)
                        Manufactured by Circle        Manufactured by Circle        Manufactured by Circle     Manufactured by Circle
Device Class                       II                                                 II                                                 II                                            II
Device Classification      QIH, LLZ                  LLZ                      LLZ                   LLZ
Regulation Name         Medical image management    Picture Archiving and           Picture Archiving and       Picture Archiving and
                      and processing system        Communications System      Communications System   Communications System
Regulation Number      21 CFR 892.2050            21 CFR 892.2050            21 CFR 892.2050         21 CFR 892.2050
Imaging Modalities     MR and CT            MR                MR and CT           CT
DICOM Compliant       Yes                      Yes                       N/A                    N/A
Import and display       Yes                      Yes (MR only)              Yes                   Yes (CT only)
MR/CT images
Post process CMR/CCT   Yes                      Yes (MR only)              Yes                   Yes (CT only)
images
Images can be          Yes                      Yes                       N/A                    N/A
displayed by study and
series
Store images           Yes                      Yes                       N/A                    N/A
2D Imaging            Yes                      Yes                       N/A                    N/A
3D Imaging            Yes                    No                       Yes                   Yes
Multiplanar Reformat     Yes                    No                       Yes                   Yes
(MPR)
Navigation Tools         Panning,                     Panning,                   N/A                    N/A
                       Windowing,                  Windowing,
                      Zooming                   Zooming
                            Series/slices and phases        Series/slices and phases
Measurements           Distance                     Distance                   N/A                    N/A
                         Perimeter                     Perimeter
                       Area                       Area
                          Signal Intensity                Signal Intensity
                     Volume                   Volume
Quantitative assessment  Manual segmentation, and     Manual segmentation of four   Manual segmentation,     Manual segmentation,
of cardiac function        semi-automatic segmentation   heart chambers in long and    and semi-automatic       and semi-automatic
                         using Machine Learning         short-axis views              segmentation of four       segmentation of four
                         technique of four heart                                         heart chambers in long      heart chambers in shortchambers in long and short-                             and short-axis views        axis views
                           axis views


             Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.         Non-Confidential                  Page 6 of 9

K213998 - cvi42 Auto 510(k) Summary


Feature                Subject Device              Primary Predicate          Secondary Predicate      Tertiary Predicate
                          cvi42 Auto (K213998)          cmr42 (K082628)               cvi42 (K141480)           ct42 (K111373)
                        Manufactured by Circle        Manufactured by Circle        Manufactured by Circle     Manufactured by Circle
Centerline placement in   Manual and semi-automatic    Manual                    Manual and semi-         Manual and semicoronary vessels          using Machine Learning                                     automatic                 automatic
                         technique
Calcium Scoring          Yes, using ML methodology   No                    No                       Yes, using non-ML
                                                                                                       methodology
Workstation operating    macOS,                  macOS,                  macOS,               macOS,
system                    Microsoft Windows             Microsoft Windows             Microsoft Windows          Microsoft Windows


             Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.         Non-Confidential                  Page 7 of 9

K213998 - cvi42 Auto 510(k) Summary


    VII.  PERFORMANCE DATA AND TESTING

Performance testing was conducted to verify compliance with specified design requirements in
accordance with ISO 13485:2016, IEC 62304:2015, ISO 14971:2019 and NEMA 3.1-3.20 (2016)
DICOM standards.

Verification and validation testing were conducted to ensure specifications and performance of
the device and were performed per the FDA Guidance documents “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices” and “Content of Premarket
Submission for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices”.

cvi42 Auto has been tested according to the specifications that are documented in a Master
Software Test Plan. Testing is an integral part of Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc software
development process as described in the company’s product development process.

Validation of Machine Learning Derived Outputs
The machine learning algorithms of cvi42 Auto (MR-CMR Function, CT-Coronary, and CTCalcium) have been trained and tested on images acquired from major vendors of MR and CT
imaging devices. All data used for validation were not used during the development of the training
algorithms.

Across all MR and CT machine manufacturers, n = 235 anonymized patient images were used
for the validation of cvi42 Auto. This translates into 70 samples for Coronary Analysis, 102
samples for Calcium analysis, 63 samples for SAX Function contouring, 63 for each of 2-CV, 3-
CV, and 4CV LAX function contouring, and 252 samples for Function Classification. Image
information for all samples was anonymized and limited to ePHI-free DICOM headers. At least
50% of the data came from a U.S. population.

All performance testing results met Circle’s pre-defined acceptance criteria.
    •  For CMR function analysis, the performance acceptance criteria were pre-defined to
       evaluate the performance of the ML model based on classification accuracy defined by
        true positives (TP), true negatives (TN), false positives (FP), and false negatives (FN).
     Mean volume prediction error (Mean Absolute Error, or MAE) was also calculated. Series
        classification performance results were between 97 % - 100%. Volumetric MAE for SAX
      were between 7% - 10%, and volumetric MAE for LAX were between 5% - 9%.
    •  For Calcium analysis, the performance acceptance criteria were pre-defined to evaluate
       the performance of the ML model based on classification accuracy defined by TP, TN, FP,
      and FN. Classification performance results were between 86% - 99%.
    •  For Coronary analysis, the performance acceptance criteria were pre-defined to evaluate
       the centerline quality and performance (based on TP and FN), and success rate for
       relevant masks. Centerline performance  results were between 82%  - 94%. Mask
      performance results were between 98% - 100%.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.         Non-Confidential                  Page 8 of 9

K213998 - cvi42 Auto 510(k) Summary


     VIII.  CONCLUSIONS

The information submitted in this premarket notification, including the performance testing and
predicate device comparisons, supports the safety and effectiveness of cvi42 Auto as compared
to the predicate devices when used for the defined intended use.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.         Non-Confidential                  Page 9 of 9