Annalise-AI Pty Ltd.
℅ Eric Qin
Principal RAQA Advisor
Level 21, 60 Margaret Street
SYDNEY, NSW 2000
AUSTRALIA                                                                            February 24, 2022

Re: K213941
    Trade/Device Name: Annalise Enterprise CXR Triage Pneumothorax
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QFM
    Dated: December 16, 2021
    Received: December 16, 2021

Dear Eric Qin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K213941 - Eric Qin                                                                   Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                     For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)

K213941
Device Name
Annalise Enterprise CXR Triage Pneumothorax


Indications for Use (Describe)
The device is designed to aid the clinical assessment of adult chest x-ray cases with features suggestive of pneumothorax
and tension pneumothorax in the medical care environment. The device analyses cases using an artificial intelligence
algorithm to identify findings. It makes case-level output available to a PACS or RIS for worklist prioritization or triage.
The device is intended to be used by trained clinicians who are qualified to interpret chest X-rays as part of their scope of
practice. The device is not intended to direct attention to specific portions of an image or to anomalies other than
pneumothorax and tension pneumothorax. Its results are not intended to be used on a standalone basis for clinical decision
making nor it is intended to rule out pneumothorax or tension pneumothorax, or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of
X-ray cases.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary
K213941

I.  SUBMITTER

 Company Name      Annalise-AI Pty Ltd
 Address             Level 21, 60 Margaret Street
                     Sydney, NSW 2000
                        Australia
 Phone Number       +61 2 7204 0817
 Contact Person       Michele Houldsworth
 Date Prepared       December 16, 2021


II.  DEVICE

 Device Name         Annalise Enterprise CXR Triage Pneumothorax
 Classification Name   Radiological  computer  aided   triage  and   notification  software
                    (21CFR892.2080)
 Regulatory Class      Class II
 Product Code     QFM


III. PREDICATE DEVICE

 Manufacturer Name   Behold.AI Technologies Limited
 Device Name       Red Dot
 510(k) reference     K191556
 Classification Name   Radiological  computer  aided   triage  and   notification  software
                    (21CFR892.2080)
 Regulatory Class        II
 Product Code     QFM

This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall. No reference devices were used in
this submission.


                                                                                          Section 005 - Page 1

IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Annalise Enterprise CXR Triage Pneumothorax is a software workflow tool that interfaces with
RIS and PACS to obtain chest x-ray images to process. The artificial intelligence algorithm within
the device uses deep learning techniques to identify the presence of pneumothorax and tension
pneumothorax.

The AI algorithm used in the device is a convolutional neural network trained using deep learning
techniques. The training dataset included over 1,500,000 chest x-ray images sourced from datasets
across three continents from different x-ray manufacturers, machines and a range of patient
demographics. Cases in the training dataset were labeled by at least three qualified radiologists for
the presence or absence of radiographic  features suggestive of pneumothorax or tension
pneumothorax.

The AI results output from the device are sent to the reporting worklist software to enable AI
assisted triage of the reporting worklist. The exact functionality available depends on the worklist
software being used (RIS, PACS).

This triage functionality uses the findings detected in each study by the AI model to provide
information into the worklist software enabling the prioritization of the reporting worklist. Each
organization can specify which findings will result in triage and the priority of each finding.
It is important to note that the device will never decrease a study’s existing priority in the worklist.
This ensures that worklist items will never have their priorities downgraded by the AI software.


V.  INDICATIONS FOR USE

The Indications For Use statement is as follows;
The device is designed to aid the clinical assessment of adult chest x-ray cases with features
suggestive of pneumothorax and tension pneumothorax in the medical care environment. The
device analyses cases using an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify findings. It makes caselevel output available to a PACS or RIS for worklist prioritization or triage.
The device is intended to be used by trained clinicians who are qualified to interpret chest X-rays
as part of their scope of practice.
The device is not intended to direct attention to specific portions of an image or to anomalies other
than pneumothorax and tension pneumothorax. Its results are not intended to be used on a
standalone basis for clinical decision making nor it is intended to rule out pneumothorax or tension
pneumothorax, or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of X-ray cases.


The Indications for Use statement for the subject device is not identical to the predicate device, in
that the subject device can identify and triage Pneumothorax and Tension Pneumothorax. The
differences, however, do not alter the intended use of the device nor do they affect the safety and
effectiveness of the device, as compared to the predicate. Both devices have the same intended use
to assist with worklist triage by providing notification of pneumothorax findings.

                                                                                          Section 005 - Page 2

VI. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL
CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE

The subject and predicate devices are both Radiological Computer-Assisted  Prioritization
Software intended to assist with worklist triage by providing notification of pneumothorax findings
in adults to trained clinicians. The technologies use AI techniques to analyze radiological images.
The devices establish effective triage within a clinician’s queue based on high sensitivity and
specificity.

At a high level, the subject and predicate devices share similar technological characteristics as
follows:
   •  Target population
   •  Technical method for notification and prioritization
   •  Anatomical site and modality
   •  Intended user and use environment
   •  Image protocol (input)
   •  Means of notification to user (output)
   •  System components
   •   Prioritization relationship to the standard of care workflow
   •  Standalone performance level and associated study methods
   •  Triage effectiveness (turnaround time)

The subject and predicate devices also share equivalent technological characteristics. These
characteristics exhibit minor differences, however, do not raise new questions of safety and
effectiveness. The equivalent technological characteristics include:
   •  Capability of the subject device to identify and triage tension pneumothorax
   •  Results are not delivered to an Electronic Patient Record (EPR)
   •  Use of multiple operating points

Therefore, by examination of the device intended use and technological attributes, substantial
equivalence is supported.


                                                                                          Section 005 - Page 3

VII. PERFORMANCE DATA

The following performance data have been provided  to support evaluation of  substantial
equivalence.

      A.    Software Verification and Validation Testing

Software verification and validation testing was conducted, and documentation was provided as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”, May 11, 2005.
The software for this device was considered as posing moderate level of concern, since prior to
mitigation of hazards, a failure of the software device could result in minor injury.

       B.    Performance Testing

Performance of the subject device was assessed in two studies to satisfy requirements set forth in
Special Controls per 21CFR892.2080. These included:
    •   Standalone Performance Assessment (accuracy); and
    •   Triage Effectiveness Assessment (turn-around time).

Standalone performance was assessed via a retrospective, anonymized study of adult patient,
DICOM-compliant CXR cases. The test dataset analyzed included a total of 949 CXR cases
(positive pneumothorax n=413 (including tension pneumothorax n=123 as a subset) and negative
n=536) from unique patients. To obtain this cohort, eligible chest x-ray cases were collected
consecutively from 4 US hospital network sites by manual review (for pneumothorax) or natural
language processing analysis  (for tension pneumothorax) of the original radiology reports
associated with each case. No data had previously been collected from these sites for training or
testing of the device’s AI algorithm. That  is, the test dataset applied during the standalone
performance evaluation was newly acquired and independent from the training dataset.

The cohort collected for this evaluation included chest x-ray cases taken using a range of
radiographic imaging protocols, including different patient positions (erect and supine), view
positions (anteroposterior, posteroanterior and lateral) and x-ray imaging equipment, including
different equipment manufacturers (n=10) and equipment models (n=22). Within this cohort, 427
patients were female (45%) and 522 patients were male (55%), with the mean patient age of 62.3
years (SD=17.5, range 22-99 years old). A range of clinical confounders were also present across
the cohort, including various clinical conditions and other radiographic findings. The ethnicity
breakdown for the cohort was 7.7% Hispanic, 86.7% Not Hispanic (the remaining proportion of
the cohort was either unavailable or declined to declare). The race breakdown for the cohort was
0.3% Two or more races, 3.3% Asian, 4.8% Other, 5.5% African American, 83% White (the
remaining proportion of the cohort was either unavailable or declined to declare).

To determine the ground truth, each deidentified CXR case was annotated in a blinded fashion by
at least two American Board of Radiology (ABR)-certified and protocol-trained radiologists
(ground truthers), with consensus determined by two ground truthers and a third ground truther in
the event of disagreement.

                                                                                          Section 005 - Page 4

The results included an AUC of 0.979 (95% CI: 0.970-0.986) and 0.988 (95% CI: 0.981-0.993)
for pneumothorax and  tension pneumothorax  respectively,  thus  meeting  the AUC>0.95
requirement for product code QFM. The sensitivity and specificity of the device was reported for
three operating points and shown to meet >80% requirement for product code QFM. The default
“balanced sensitivity and specificity” operating point demonstrated sensitivity of 93.9% (95% CI:
91.8, 96.1) and specificity of 92.2% (95% CI: 89.9, 94.4) for pneumothorax and sensitivity of
94.3% (95% CI: 90.2, 98.4) and  specificity of 95.8% (95% CI: 94.3, 97.1)  for tension
pneumothorax. The “optimized for sensitivity” operating point demonstrated sensitivity of 96.6%
(95% CI: 94.7, 98.3) and specificity of 84.1% (95% CI: 82.1, 87.1) for pneumothorax and
sensitivity of 95.9% (95% CI: 91.9, 99.2) and specificity of 94.9% (95% CI: 93.3, 96.4) for tension
pneumothorax. The “optimized for specificity” operating point demonstrated sensitivity of 89.1%
(95% CI: 86.2, 92.0) and specificity of 95.7% (95% CI: 94.0, 97.4) for pneumothorax and
sensitivity of 83.7% (95% CI: 76.4, 90.2) and specificity of 97.8% (95% CI: 96.7, 98.7) for tension
pneumothorax.

The results demonstrate the subject device establishes effective triage within a clinician’s queue
based on high sensitivity and specificity. Further, these results are substantially equivalent to those
of the predicate device.

Triage effectiveness (turn-around time) was assessed by an internal bench study using a dataset of
n=621 cases positive for pneumothorax and/or tension pneumothorax eligible for prioritization.
These cases were collected from multiple data sources spanning a variety of geographical
locations, patient demographics and technical characteristics. The results demonstrated an average
triage turn-around time of 20.57 seconds, (95% CI: 19.90-21.24), which is substantially equivalent
to the total performance time published for the predicate device.

Therefore, the subject device has been shown to satisfy the performance requirements per 21 CFR
892.2080, for radiological triage and notification software, by providing clinically effective triage
for chest x-ray studies containing features suggestive of pneumothorax and tension pneumothorax.
This data demonstrates the subject device is as safe, as effective, and performs as well as or better
than the legally marketed predicate device.

VIII. CONCLUSIONS

The subject and predicate devices are both software-only devices intended to assist with worklist
triage by providing notification of pneumothorax findings in adults to trained clinicians. The
labelling of both devices is limited to worklist triage and are not to be used in-lieu of full patient
evaluation or relied upon to provide direct diagnosis. The devices both operate by passive
notification of suspected cases  parallel to the standard of care workflow. The evaluation
demonstrates that minor differences between the subject and predicate devices do not raise new
questions of safety and effectiveness. In addition, the performance testing conducted demonstrates
the subject device performs as intended, that it is as safe, as effective and performs comparably to
the predicate device. Therefore, the subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate
device.


                                                                                          Section 005 - Page 5