TOMTEC Imaging Systems GmbH
℅ Mr. Marc Bergenthal
Manager Regulatory Affairs
Freisinger Strasse 9
Unterschleissheim, Bavaria 85716
                                                                       January 6, 2022GERMANY

Re: K213544
    Trade/Device Name: TOMTEC-ARENA
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: October 27, 2021
    Received: November 8, 2021

Dear Mr. Bergenthal:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K213544 - Mr. Marc Bergenthal                                                         Page 2


803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                                 For

                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K213544
Device Name
TOMTEC-ARENA
Indications for Use (Describe)
Indications for use of TOMTEC-ARENA software are quantification and reporting of cardiovascular, fetal, and
abdominal structures and function of patients with suspected disease to support the physician in the diagnosis.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Summary
 TOMTEC-ARENA (TTA2.50)


510(K) SUMMARY                                      K213544
This 510(k) summary is provided as part of the Premarket Notification in compliance with
21CFR, Part 807, Subpart E, Section 807.92.


1) SUBMITTER’S NAME, ADDRESS, TELEPHONE NUMBER, CONTACT PERSON
   Primary Contact:          Marc Bergenthal
                                Email: regulatory@tomtec.de
                                   Tel: (+49) 89 32175 555
                              Fax: (+49) 89 32175 750


   Sponsor:             TOMTEC Imaging Systems GmbH
                                 Freisinger Strasse 9
                           85716 Unterschleissheim
                         Germany
   Date prepared:             October 27, 2021


2) NAME OF THE DEVICE, INCLUDING THE TRADE OR PROPRIETARY NAME IF
  APPLICABLE, THE COMMON OR USUAL NAME, AND THE CLASSIFICATION
  NAME, IF KNOWN
  Common Name:             Picture archiving and communications system
   Proprietary Name:        TOMTEC-ARENA
    Classification Name:       21 CFR 892.2050,
                             System, Image Processing, Radiological
   Class                   2
    Classification Product Code: QIH
   Subsequent Product Code:  LLZ


3) INDICATIONS FOR USE
   Indications for use of TOMTEC-ARENA software are quantification and reporting of
   cardiovascular, fetal, and abdominal structures and function of patients with suspected
   disease to support the physician in the diagnosis.


4) DEVICE DESCRIPTION
  TOMTEC-ARENA is a clinical software package for reviewing, quantifying and reporting
    digital medical data. The software can be integrated into third party platforms.

   Platforms enhance the workflow by providing the database, import, export and other
   services. All analyzed data and images will be transferred to the platform for archiving,
   reporting and statistical quantification purposes.


 TOMTEC Imaging Systems GmbH                                                               Page 1 of 10

510(k) Summary
 TOMTEC-ARENA (TTA2.50)


  TTA2 consists of the following optional modules:

        IMAGE-COM
        REPORTING
        AutoStrain LV / SAX / RV / LA
        2D CPA
        FETAL 2D CPA
        4D LV-ANALYSIS
        4D RV-FUNCTION
        4D CARDIO-VIEW
        4D MV-ASSESSMENT
        4D SONO-SCAN
       TOMTEC DATACENTER (incl. STUDY LIST, DATA MAINTENANCE, WEB
       REVIEW)

The purpose of this traditional 510(k) pre-market notification is to introduce semi-automated
cardiac measurements based on an artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI/ML)
algorithm. The AI/ML algorithm is a Convolutional Neuronal Network (CNN) developed using
a Supervised Learning approach.

This AI/ML algorithm enables TOMTEC-ARENA to produce semi-automated and editable
echocardiographic measurements on BMODE and DOPPLER datasets. The algorithm was
developed using a controlled internal process that defines activities from the inspection of
input data to the training and deployment of the algorithm:

     The training process begins with the model observing, learning, and optimizing its
      parameters based on the training pool data. The model's prediction and performance
      are then evaluated against the test pool. The test pool data is set aside at the
      beginning of the project.

During the training process, the AI/ML algorithm learned to predict measurements by being
presented with a large number of echocardiographic data manually generated by qualified
healthcare professionals.
The echocardiographic studies were randomly assigned to be either used for training
(approx. 2,800 studies) or testing (approx. 500 studies).

A semi-automated measurement consists of a cascade of detection steps. It starts with a
rough geometric estimate, which is subsequently refined more and more:

     The user selects a frame on which the semi-automated measurements shall be
      performed  in TOMTEC-ARENA. Image- & metadata,  e.g.  pixel  spacing, are
       transferred to the semi-automated measurement detector. The semi-automated
     measurement detector predicts the position of start and end caliper in the pixel
      coordinate system. These co-coordinates are transferred back to the CalcEngine,
      which converts the received data back into real world coordinates (e.g. mm) and
      creates the graphical overlay. This superimposed line can be edited by the user.

The end user can edit, accept, or reject the measurement(s).


 TOMTEC Imaging Systems GmbH                                                               Page 2 of 10

510(k) Summary
 TOMTEC-ARENA (TTA2.50)


This feature does not introduce any new measurements, but allows the end user to perform
semi-automated measurements. The end user can also still perform manual measurements
and  it is not mandatory to use the semi-automated measurements. The semi-automated
measurements are licensed separately.


5) SUBSTANTIALLY EQUIVALENT DEVICES
   Predicate Device:    TOMTEC-ARENA
                     K201632 (August 14, 2020)
   Reference Device:   EPIQ and Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
                     K211597 (September 08, 2021)

  TOMTEC Imaging Systems GmbH believes that the TOMTEC-ARENA (TTA2.50)
   modifications that are the subject of this 510(k) are substantially equivalent to TOMTECARENA (TTA2.40) (K201632).


6) TECHNOLOGICAL COMPARISON TO PREDICATE DEVICES
   The TOMTEC-ARENA software with the modified modules has the same intended use
   and  technological  characteristics as  the  legally marketed  predicate  devices. A
   comparison of the proposed TOMTEC-ARENA application to the currently marketed
   predicate device (TOMTEC-ARENA) and reference device (Philips EPIQ and Affiniti
   Ultrasound Systems with Auto Measure) are provided in the tables below:


 TOMTEC Imaging Systems GmbH                                                               Page 3 of 10

510(k) Summary
TOMTEC-ARENA (TTA2.50)


GENERAL COMPARISON
Feature                 Predicate Device             Reference Device                         Subject Device              Discussion /
                  TOMTEC-ARENA              Philips EPIQ and Affiniti Ultrasound      TOMTEC-ARENA          Comment
                                              Systems with Auto Measure
K-number             K201632                   K211597                                 Not available                   Subject of this
                                                                                                                             submission is
                                                                                                  TOMTEC-ARENA.
Regulation Number     21 CFR 892.2050;            21 CRF 892.1550                        21 CFR 892.2050;                Identical to predicate
and Regulation Name    System, Image processing,      Ultrasonic pulsed doppler imaging system.    System, Image processing,      device.
                           Radiological -                                                                  Radiological -
                           Picture Archiving and                                                           Picture Archiving and
                       Communications System                                               Communications System
                     (PACS)                                                         (PACS)
Classification Product   LLZ                        IYN                                 QIH                               Identical to predicate
Code                                                                                                                             device (primary and
                                                                                                                          secondary product
                                                                                                                    code switched).
Subsequent Product    QIH                            ITX, IYO, OBJ, QIH                      LLZ                                Identical to predicate
Codes                                                                                                                            device (primary and
                                                                                                                          secondary product
                                                                                                                    code switched).
Class                 2                          2                                     2                                  Identical to predicate
                                                                                                                 and reference device.
Classification Panel     Radiology                     Radiology                                 Radiology                         Identical to predicate
                                                                                                                 and reference device.
Device Name         TOMTEC-ARENA           EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System,  TOMTEC-ARENA                Identical to predicate
                                                                               Affiniti Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System                                    device.
Version               TTA2.40               VM 9.0                                 TTA2.50                       Version of subject
                                                         (Ultrasound System Software                                               device changed due to
                                                             version/platform)                                              new features.


TOMTEC Imaging Systems GmbH                                                               Page 4 of 10

510(k) Summary
TOMTEC-ARENA (TTA2.50)


Intended Use         TOMTEC-ARENA software is   The intended use of Philips EPIQ series        TOMTEC-ARENA software is    Intended Use/
                      a clinical software package       diagnostic ultrasound systems is diagnostic       a clinical software package      Indications for use of
                        designed for review,              ultrasound imaging and fluid flow analysis of the    designed for review,             predicate and subject
                                                 human body, with the following indications for                             quantification and reporting of                                                      quantification and reporting of   device are identical
                                                            use:Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other
                            structures and function based                                                    structures and function based   (unchanged).Intended                                                                           (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular,
                      on multi-dimensional digital                                           on multi-dimensional digital     Use/ Indications for                                                             Cephalic (Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal),
                        medical data acquired with        Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intra-cardiac       medical data acquired with     use of reference
                              different modalities.TOMTEC-   Echo, Intra-luminal, Intraoperative (Vascular),       different modalities.TOMTEC-   device and subject
                  ARENA is not intended to be     Intraoperative (Cardiac),                ARENA is not intended to be    device are similar and
                      used for reading of               Musculoskeletal(Conventional), Musculoskeletal   used for reading of             considered equivalent
                    mammography images.            (Superficial), Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral  mammography images.           (specifically if
                                                               Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle),                              compared for the
                                                          Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal,                                                                                                                                                                       clinical use case/
                                                                Transvaginal, Lung.
                                                                                                                                 workflow of the subject
Indications for Use       Indications for use of TomTec-  The clinical environments where Philips EPIQ       Indications for use of                                                                                                                                                       feature).                       Arena TTA2 software are         diagnostic ultrasound systems can be used      TOMTEC-ARENA TTA2
                             quantification and reporting of    include clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of care  software are quantification and
                                                                            for diagnosis of patients.                           cardiovascular, fetal,                                                             reporting of cardiovascular,
                                             When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the
                        abdominal structures and                                                                    fetal, abdominal structures                                                         systems can assist the interventionalist and
                            function of patients with                                              and function of patients with                                                          surgeon with image guidance during treatment of
                        suspected disease to support    cardiovascular disease in which the procedure     suspected disease to support
                          the physician in the diagnosis    uses both live X-ray and live echo guidance.The    the physician in the diagnosis
                                                         systems are intended to be installed, used, and
                                                            operated only in accordance with the safety
                                                            procedures and operating instructions given in
                                                                the product user information. Systems are to be
                                                            operated only by appropriately trained healthcare
                                                                  professionals for the purposes for which they
                                                       were designed.
                                                         However, nothing stated in the user information
                                                           reduces your responsibility for sound clinical
                                                         judgement and best clinical procedure.

where used               Hospitals, clinics, and             Clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of care     Inside and outside of            Subject of submission;
(hospital, home,          physician´s offices.                for diagnosis of patients.                       Hospitals, Clinics, and         The intended use
ambulance, etc.)                                                                                      Physician´s offices.            environment was
                                                                                                                                        revised and extended.
                                                                                                                               Environmental
                                                                                                                                           conditions have been
                                                                                                                                     considered.


TOMTEC Imaging Systems GmbH                                                               Page 5 of 10

510(k) Summary
TOMTEC-ARENA (TTA2.50)


Design                  Software as a medical device   Hardware and Software                     Software as a medical device    Identical to predicate
                                                                                                                 and reference device.


IMAGE-COM
Feature                 Predicate Device             Reference Device                         Subject Device              Discussion /
                  TOMTEC-ARENA              Philips EPIQ and Affiniti Ultrasound      TOMTEC-ARENA          Comment
                                              Systems
                                                     with Auto Measure

Application          IMAGE-COM is a basic         Auto Measure is an optional software feature  unchanged                        Identical to predicate
description            module for reviewing and      on the EPIQ/Affinity Series Diagnostic                                          device.
                       measuring digital medical       Ultrasound System that provides the end
                           data. It supports routine         user with semi automated adult                                                  Similar and considered
                         workflows for loading,          echocardiography 2D and Doppler                                             equivalent to the
                          analyzing and saving medical   measurements through an AI-algorithm,                                       reference device
                            studies, e.g. for the purpose of   training via machine-learning techniques. It                                          (specifically if
                           creating reports. IMAGE-COM    is intended to be used with an Adult                                    compared for the
                                  is where basic measurements   Cardiology Transthoracic transducer and                                               clinical use
                      can be performed and the        acquisitions that include an ECG. These                                     case/workflow of the
                           entry point for advanced       measurements are routinely collected during                                    subject feature).
                           analysis modules. Study       a transthoracic ECG, per The American
                            related routine measurements   Society of Echo cardiography (ASE)
                      can be imported, displayed,     recommendations
                           edited and exported to
                       accompanying reporting
                        systems.
SW Version               5.5.5                           9.0                                            5.5.7                          Version of module
                                                                                                IMAGE-COM changed
                                                                                                                 due to new features.


TOMTEC Imaging Systems GmbH                                                               Page 6 of 10

510(k) Summary
TOMTEC-ARENA (TTA2.50)


Semi-automated        Ao Asc diam                    Asc Ao Diam                                unchanged                     For these
measurements         Ao Ann diam                                                                                      measurements, a
(BMODE)              Ao STJ diam                 Ao STJ Diam                                                       measurement
                      Ao SV diam                  Ao Sinus Diam                                                                                                                                  suggestion can now be
                         IVSd                          IVSd
                                                                                                                                                                        initialized on a self-                      LA diam systole
                                                                                                                                       selected image within                        LVIDd                        LVIDd
                         LVIDs                         LVIDs                                                            a clip. The
                     LVOT diam                 LVOT Diam                                                        measurement
                    LVPWd                   LVPWd                                                                    suggestion can be
                    RVDd base (RVD1)           RV Base                                                                           edited. Manual
                    RVDd mid (RVD2)            RV Mid                                                           measurements as with
                     RVLd                    RV Length                                                            TTA2.40.00 are still
                   RVOT diam lax                                                                                                                                      possible.Support of
                   RVOT diam prox
                                                                                                                                                  additional semi-                     TV Ann diam ant-post           TV Annulus
                                                                                                                       automated                        IVSd-LVIDd-LVPWd (same line)
                                                                                                                 measurements
                                                                                                                 compared to reference
                                                                                                                                           device. Additional
                                                                                                                 measurements rely on
                                                                                                      same principle/
                                                                                                                                 technology (e.g. line
                                                                                                                                                 detection, single-point)
                                                                                                                       as those included in
                                                                                                                                     reference device.


TOMTEC Imaging Systems GmbH                                                               Page 7 of 10

510(k) Summary
TOMTEC-ARENA (TTA2.50)


Semi-automated      MV A Vel                MV Peak A Vel                              unchanged                     For these
measurements       MV E Vel                MV Peak E Vel                                                        measurements, a
(DOPPLER)          MV E/A Slope              MV Inflow                                                         measurement
                      (MV A Vel, MV E Vel, MV Time)    (MV Dec Time, MV Peak E Vel, MV Peak A Vel)                                                                                                                                  suggestion can now be
                  MV Dec. Slope
                                                                                                                                                                        initialized on a self-                      (MV Dec Time, MV E Vel)
                                                                                                                                       selected image within                     LVOT VTI                  LVOT VTI
                                              LVOT Vmax                                                        a clip. The
                    AV VTI                    AV VTI                                                           measurement
                                             AV Vmax                                                                  suggestion can be
                    PV VTI                    PV VTI                                                                             edited. Manual
                                             PV Vmax                                                          measurements as with
                    TR Vmax                  TR Vmax                                                             TTA2.40.00 are still
                      LV E'(l)                            Lat E’ Vel                                                                                                                                               possible.
                      LV A'(l)                            Lat A’ Vel
                                                                Lat Vel
                                                                                                                             Support of additional                                                                     (Lat E’ Vel, Lat A’ Vel)
                      LV E'(s)                    Med E’ Vel                                                             semi-automated
                      LV A'(s)                    Med A’ Vel                                                         measurements
                                              Med Vel                                                          compared to reference
                                                     (Med E’ Vel, Med A’ Vel)                                                         device. Additional
                   RV A'(l)                                                                                      measurements rely on
                   RV E'(l)                                                                             same principle/
                   RV S'(l)                   RV S Vel                                                                                                                                 technology (e.g. line
                                                                                                                                                 detection, single-point)
                                                                                                                       as those included in
                                                                                                                                     reference device.

                                                                                                       (MV Dec. Slope is
                                                                                                                                           calculated from MV E
                                                                                                                                   Vel and MV Dec
                                                                                                                                    Time.)


TOMTEC Imaging Systems GmbH                                                               Page 8 of 10

510(k) Summary
TOMTEC-ARENA (TTA2.50)


Semi-Automation       As cleared                   Semi-automated adult echocardiography 2D   Semi-automated adult          Subject of submission;
Technology                                      and Doppler measurements are generated    echocardiography 2D and      Proposed feature
                                                        using an artificial intelligence (AI) detection    Doppler measurements are      includes optional semialgorithm without user interaction. After       generated using an artificial     automation of existing
                                                measurement is generated, the user can edit   intelligence (AI) detection      measurements
                                                        (manually adjust the caliper positions),         algorithm without user           available to the end
                                                          accept, or reject the measurements.The        interaction. After               user during routine
                                                      automation of measurements is constrained   measurement is generated,      ultrasound exam
                                                                 to the specific imaging mode (2D, Doppler)    the user can edit (manually       similar to reference
                                                   as recommended by ASE guidelines.          adjust the caliper positions),     device. Semiaccept, or reject the           automated
                                                                                         measurements.The           measurements
                                                                                                 automation of measurements    quantify image data
                                                                                                                                      is constrained to the specific     through an AI-based
                                                                                                imaging mode (2D, Doppler)     algorithm that was
                                                                                           as recommended by ASE        trained with a
                                                                                                              guidelines.                     machine-learning
                                                                                                                           model.Workflow
                                                                                                                       improvements for user
                                                                                                                          convenience.No
                                                                                                                               impact to the safety or
                                                                                                                                            effectiveness of the
                                                                                                                                           device.
User Interface         As cleared                   User selects an adult echocardiography 2D    User selects an adult            Similar to predicate
Presentation                                               or Doppler measurement to perform then the  echocardiography 2D or       and reference device.
                                                                caliper positions are initialized based on the   Doppler measurement to      The set of available
                                                          output of the AI detection algorithm.           perform then the caliper        measurements are
                                              The user can edit, accept, or reject the         positions are initialized based   unchanged to the
                                                   measurements.                         on the output of the AI           predicate device.
                                                                                                          detection algorithm.
                                                                                   The user can edit, accept, or    Workflow
                                                                                                                     reject the measurements.       improvements for user
                                                                                                                                convenience.
                                                                                                  No impact to the safety
                                                                                                                                             or effectiveness of the
                                                                                                                                           device.


TOMTEC Imaging Systems GmbH                                                               Page 9 of 10

510(k) Summary
 TOMTEC-ARENA (TTA2.50)


7) NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE DATA
   The proposed modifications were tested  in accordance  with TOMTEC’s  internal
   processes. Design Control activities to assure the safe and effective performance of the
   modified TOMTEC-ARENA include but are not limited to the following:

         Product Specifications
         Design Review
         Risk Analysis
         Software Verification

  TOMTEC-ARENA is considered a Moderate Level of Concern. Software verification was
   performed according to the standard IEC 62304 “Medical device software ‐ Software life‐
   cycle processes”.

  A Summative Usability Evaluation was performed considering FDA’s Guidance for
   Industry and FDA Staff “Applying Human Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical
   Devices” and according to the standard IEC 62366‐1 “Medical devices – Part 1:
   Application of usability engineering to medical devices”. TOMTEC-ARENA has been
   found to be safe and effective for the intended users, uses, and use environments.

   Completion of all verification activities demonstrated that the subject device meets all
   design and performance requirements. Verification activities performed confirmed that
   the differences in the design did not adversely affect the safety and effectiveness of the
   subject device.


8) SUMMARY OF CLINICAL TESTS:
  No clinical testing conducted in support of substantial equivalence when compared to
   the predicate devices.


9) CONCLUSION
    Verification and validation activities required to establish the performance, functionality,
   and reliability characteristics of the modified TOMTEC-ARENA software with respect to
   the predicate device(s) were performed successfully. Testing performed demonstrated
    that the proposed TOMTEC-ARENA (TTA2.50) meets defined requirements and
   performance claims.

   Based on the conformance  to standards, development under TOMTEC’s Quality
   Management System, and the successful verification and validation testing, TOMTEC
   believes that the proposed TOMTEC-ARENA (TTA2.50) is substantially equivalent to the
    legally marketed predicate device(s).


 TOMTEC Imaging Systems GmbH                                                              Page 10 of 10