March 11, 2022
GE Medical Systems SCS
℅ Yonghui Han
Regulatory Affairs Leader
283, rue de la Miniere
Buc, 78530
FRANCE

Re: K213725
    Trade/Device Name: CardIQ Suite
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed tomography x-ray system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK, LLZ
    Dated: February 17, 2022
    Received: February 18, 2022

Dear Yonghui Han:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see

K213725 - Yonghui Han                                                               Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                                                                                Digitally signed by
                                                                        Laurel M. Burk -S
                                                                      Date: 2022.03.11
                                                                      11:47:24 -05'00'
                                             Laurel Burk
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                  Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                   Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                   Indications for Use                           See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
 K213725
Device Name

CardlQ Suite

Indications for Use (Describe)

CardlQ Suite is a non-invasive software application designed to provide an optimized application  to analyze
cardiovascular anatomy and pathology based on 2D or 3D CT cardiac non contrast and angiography DICOM data from
acquisitions of the heart.  It provides capabilities for the visualization and measurement of vessels and visualization of
chamber mobility. CardlQ Suite also aids in diagnosis and determination of treatment paths for cardiovascular diseases to
include, coronary artery disease, functional parameters of the heart, heart structures and follow-up for stent placement,
bypasses and plaque imaging. CardlQ Suite provides calcium scoring, a non-invasive software application, that can be
used with non-contrasted cardiac images to evaluate calcified plaques in the coronary arteries, heart valves and great
vessels such as the aorta. Calcium Scoring may be used to monitor the progression/regression of calcium  in coronary
arteries overtime, which may aid in the prognosis of cardiac disease.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      Z Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       El Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                       This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
             *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                         Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                 Office of Chief Information Officer
                                        Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                   information unless  it displays a currently valid OMB number.

 FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                              Page  1 of  1                                         esonnesses,                                  Jef

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission-CardIQ Suite


                              510(k) Summary              K213725

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:

 Date:                    November 23, 2021

 Submitter:               GE Medical Systems SCS

                               Establishment Registration Number - 9611343

                           283 rue de la Miniere

                           78530 Buc, France

 Primary Contact Person:       Yonghui Han

                               Regulatory Affairs Leader

                        GE Healthcare

                               (86)10 57083350/(+86) 13311387032

                           Yonghui.Han@ge.com

 Secondary Contact Person:     Elizabeth Mathew

                               Senior Regulatory Affairs Manager

                        GE Healthcare

                               Tel:(262)424-7774

                                Email: Elizabeth.Mathew@ge.com

 Device Trade Name:          CardIQ Suite

 Common/Usual Name:        CardIQ Suite

 Primary Regulation Number:   Computed Tomography X-Ray System (21 CFR 892.1750)

 Primary Product Code:        JAK

 Secondary Product Code:      LLZ

 Classification:                  Class II


                                                    1

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission-CardIQ Suite


 Predicate Device

 Device name:                SmartScore 4.0

 Manufacturer:             GE Medical Systems SCS

 510(k) number:             K020929

 Regulation Number:         21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography X-Ray System

 Product Code:               JAK

 Classification:                  Class II

 Reference Devices

 Device name:                CardIQ Xpress 2.0

 Manufacturer:             GE Medical Systems SCS

 510(k) number:             K073138

 Regulation Number:         21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography X-Ray System

 Product Code:               JAK

 Classification:                  Class II


 Device name:                Syngo.CT CaScoring

 Manufacturer:               Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.

 510(k) number:             K201034

 Regulation Number:         21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography X-Ray System

 Product Code:               JAK

 Classification:                  Class II


Device Description:
CardIQ Suite is a non-invasive software application designed to work with DICOM CT data acquisitions of
the heart.  It  is a collection of tools that provide capabilities for generating measurement’s both
automatically and manually, displaying images and associated measurements in an easy-to-read format
and tools for exporting images and measurements in a variety of formats.


                                                    2

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission-CardIQ Suite


CardIQ Suite provides an integrated workflow to seamlessly review calcium scoring and coronary CT
angiography (CCTA) data. Calcium Scoring has the capability to automatically segment and label the
calcifications within the coronary arteries, and then automatically compute a total and per territory
calcium score. The calcium segmentation/labeling is using a new deep learning algorithm. The calcium
scoring is based on the standard Agatston/Janowitz 130 (AJ 130) and Volume scoring methods for the
segmented calcific regions. The software also provides the users a manual calcium scoring capability that
allows them to edit (add/delete or update) auto scored lesions. It also allows the user to manually score
calcific lesions within coronary arteries, aorta, aortic valve and mitral valve as well as other general cardiac
structures. Calcium scoring offers quantitative results in the AJ 130 score, Volume and Adaptive Volume
scoring methods.

Calcium Scoring results can be exported as DICOM SR to assist with integration into structured reporting
templates. Images can be saved and exported for sharing with referring physicians, incorporating into
reports and archiving as part of the CT examination.

CardIQ Suite provides the Coronary 2D Review toolset which allows interactive review of cardiac exams.
Coronary CTA datasets can be reviewed utilizing the double oblique angles to visually track the path of
the coronary arteries as well as to view the common cardiac chamber orientations. Cine capability for
multi-phase data may be useful for visualization of cardiac structures such as chambers, valves and
arteries in motion. Distance measurement and ROI tools are available for quantitative evaluation of the
anatomy.

Intended Use:
CardIQ Suite is a collection of non-invasive software features intended to analyze CT cardiovascular
anatomy and pathology and aid in determining treatment paths.

Indication for Use:
CardIQ Suite is a non-invasive software application designed to provide an optimized application to
analyze cardiovascular anatomy and pathology based on 2D or 3D CT cardiac non contrast and
angiography DICOM data from acquisitions of the heart. It provides capabilities for the visualization and
measurement of vessels and visualization of chamber mobility. CardIQ Suite also aids in diagnosis and
determination of treatment paths for cardiovascular diseases to include, coronary artery disease,
functional parameters of the heart, heart structures and follow-up for stent placement, bypasses and
plaque imaging.

CardIQ Suite provides calcium scoring, a non-invasive software application, that can be used with noncontrasted cardiac images to evaluate calcified plaques in the coronary arteries, heart valves and great
vessels such as the aorta. Calcium Scoring may be used to monitor the progression/regression of calcium
in coronary arteries overtime, which may aid in the prognosis of cardiac disease.
Technology:
The proposed device CardIQ Suite employs the same fundamental scientific technology as its predicate
device and reference devices.


                                                    3

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission-CardIQ Suite


Comparison:
The table below summarizes the key feature/technological differences and similarities between the
predicate device and the proposed device:


 Specification     Predicate         Proposed     Comparison
                  Device:            Device:
                SmartScore 4.0    CardIQ Suite
                 (K020929)

 Segmentation   Manual          Automated     Substantial Equivalent
 and labeling
                                          Deep Learning Algorithm is incorporated in CardIQ Suite to calcific regions
                                                     automatically segment and label the calcific regions in the in the
                                                  coronary arteries in order to improve workflow efficiency coronaries
                                                 over the manual approach that exists in the predicate
                                                       device.

                                            Automated calcium scoring evaluation already exists in the
                                                   reference device Syngo.CT CaScoring (K201034).

 Manual         Yes               Yes             Identical
 Segmentation
 and labeling of
 calcific regions
 Computation    Yes               Yes             Identical
 of Agatston
 score

 Coronary 2D    Not Available      Yes            Substantial Equivalent
 Review
                                                Coronary 2D Reviews Toolset is available in CardIQ Suite to
                                                             assist users for a seamless integrated review of coronary
                                                       artery imaging along with automated calcium scoring
                                                        feature.

                                                       This tool set contains identical features to what already
                                                           exists in the reference device CardIQ Xpress 2.0 (K073138)


Determination of Substantial Equivalence:
Summary of Non-Clinical, Design Control Testing

CardIQ Suite has successfully completed the design control testing per GE’s quality system.  It was
designed and will be manufactured under the Quality System Regulations of 21CFR 820 and ISO 13485.
No additional hazards were identified, and no unexpected test results were observed. The proposed


                                                    4

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission-CardIQ Suite


device complies with NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20 (2016) Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine
(DICOM) Set (Radiology) standard.

The following quality assurance measures were applied to the development of the device:
     •  Requirements Definition
     •   Risk Analysis
     •   Technical Design Reviews
     •  Formal Design Reviews
     •   Software Development Lifecycle
     •  Performance testing (Verification, Validation)
     •   Safety Testing (Verification)
The proposed CardIQ Suite has been successfully verified on the AW Server platform. All the testing and
results did not raise new or different questions of safety and effectiveness other than those already
associated with predicate device. Software documentation is for a MODERATE level of concern.
In addition, Engineering has validated CardIQ Suite Calcium Scoring algorithm’s capability to
automatically segment, label and score the calcific regions in the coronary arteries using a database of
retrospective CT exams. This database of exams is representative of the clinical scenarios where CardIQ
Suite is intended to be used, with consideration of acquisition protocols and clinical indicators. The
result of the algorithm validation showed that the algorithm successfully passed the defined acceptance
criteria.
Summary of Clinical Testing

Three board certified radiologists manually scored a representative set of clinical sample images using
the predicate device and the results were compared with the automated score outputted by CardIQ
Suite. Very high correlations were found between manual and automated methods for computing the
total calcium score, demonstrating equivalent performance of the CardIQ Suite software to the
predicate device SmartScore 4.0.
Conclusion:
CardIQ Suite has substantial equivalent technological characteristics as its predicate device.

GE’s quality system’s design, verification, and risk management processes did not identify any new
questions of safety or effectiveness, hazards, unexpected results, or adverse effects stemming from the
changes to the predicate.

Based on development under GE Healthcare’s quality system, successful design verification, software
documentation for a “Moderate” level of concern, along with the engineering bench testing and sample
reader study GE Healthcare believes that the proposed CardIQ Suite is substantially equivalent to, and
hence as safe and as effective for its Intended Use as the legally marketed predicate device.


                                                    5