MedMind Technology Co., Ltd.
                                                       December 15, 2021℅ Diana Hong
General Manager
Mid-Link Consulting Co., Ltd.
P.O. Box 120-119
Shanghai, 200120
CHINA

Re: K213155
    Trade/Device Name: RT-Mind-AI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QKB
    Dated: September 18, 2021
    Received: September 28, 2021

Dear Diana Hong:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K213155 - Diana Hong                                                                Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                           Julie Sullivan -S
                                                   for
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.


510(k) Number (if known)
K213155

Device Name
RT-Mind-AI


Indications for Use (Describe)
It is used by radiation oncology department to segment (non-contrast) CT images, to generate needed information for
treatment planning, treatment evaluation and treatment adaptation


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*

        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K213155


510(k) Summary


This 510(k) Summary is being submitted in accordance with requirements of Title 21, CFR Section 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) Number:   K213155

1.   Date of Preparation: 12/08/2021

2.   Sponsor Identification

    MedMind Technology Co., Ltd.
    A502-503, Techart Plaza, No.30, Xueyuan Road, Haidian District, Beijing, 100083, China.

     Establishment Registration Number: Not registered yet.

     Contact Person: Shaobin Wang
     Position: Chief Executive Officer
      Tel: +86-10-58352266
     Email: wangshaobin@medicalmind.cn

3.   Designated Submission Correspondent

    Ms. Diana Hong (Primary Contact Person)
    Ms. Jing Cheng (Alternative Contact Person)

    Mid-Link Consulting Co., Ltd
     P.O. Box 120-119, Shanghai, 200120, China

      Tel: +86-21-22815850
     Fax: 360-925-3199
     Email: info@mid-link.net


                                                                                    1  / 6

K213155


4.   Identification of Proposed Device

     Trade Name: RT-Mind-AI
   Common Name: Medical Imaging Software

     Regulatory Information

     Classification Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System
      Classification: II;
     Product Code: QKB;
     Regulation Number: 21CFR 892.2050
    Review Panel: Radiology;

     Indication for Use:
       It is used by radiation oncology department to segment (non-contrast) CT images, to generate needed
     information for treatment planning, treatment evaluation and treatment adaptation

     Device Description

    The proposed device, RT-Mind-AI,  is a standalone software which used by  radiation oncology
     department to segment (non-contrast) CT images, to generate needed information for treatment planning,
     treatment evaluation and treatment adaptation.

    The proposed device has four main function:
     1)  Deep learning contouring:
        Automatic segment on desktop:  it can  automatically contour  the  organ-at-risk (ORA),
              including Head and Neck, thorax and abdominal and pelvic.
        Automatic segment on the Web: it can realize automatic contouring the OAR on the web and
              sending to the specified network node in a local area network (LAN). Note: only the
               administrator account and operator accounts can carry out the automatic segment on the Web.
     2)  Manual segment: Adjust the segment result after automatic segment.

       It also has the following general functions:
      Preset ROIs
      Preset templates
      Transmit DICOM data;
      Desktop patient management
      Review images;
     ROI management;
      Web-based patient management

                                                                                    2  / 6

K213155


     Open and save of files.

5.   Identification of Predicate Device

     510(k) Number: K191928
     Product Name: AccuContour™

6.   Non-Clinical Test Conclusion

    The proposed device can contour additional OARs than the predicate device, including:
     Head&Neck: 1) External Auditory Meatus L; 2) External Auditory Meatus R; 3) Middle Ear
          L-include mastoid; 4) Middle Ear R-include mastoid; 5) Body
      Abdominal &Pelvic: 1) Spleen; 2) Intestinal Tube; 3) Peritoneal Cavity; 4) Femoral Head_Neck L;
          5) Femoral Head_Neck R; 6) Body
      Thorax: 1) Humeral Head L; 2) Humeral Head R; 3) Breast L; 4) Breast R; 5) Body

     For the same segment organs between proposed device and predicate device, the segmentation
     performance test was performed on proposed device and predicate device to evaluate the automated
     segmentation accuracy. The involved images generated in healthcare institutions in US using scanner
    models available in US covering three major vendors. The three major vendors were GE, Siemens and
      Philips. For each body parts, all intended organs were included in images. Ground truthing of each
    image was generated from the consensus of  at  least three licensed physicians. DICE  similarity
      coefficients (DSC) was used for evaluation. DSC values were calculated on two sets of images for test
     group and control group, respectively. According to the results, it could be concluded that the DSC of
     proposed device was non-inferiority compared with that of the predicate device.

     For the additional segment organs of the proposed device than predicate device, the automatic and
    manual segmentation was performed on proposed device to evaluate the automated segmentation
     accuracy. The manual segmentation was generated from the consensus of  at least three licensed
     physicians. The involved images generated in healthcare institutions in US using scanner models
     available in US covering three major vendors. The three major vendors were GE, Siemens and Philips.
     For each body parts, all intended organs were included in images. DSC values were calculated. The
     average DSC of additional segment organs was compared to the average DSC of other segment organs.
     According to the results, it could be concluded that the DSC of additional segment organs of proposed
     device was non-inferiority compared with that of other segment organs of proposed device


7.   Clinical Test Conclusion

     No clinical study is included in this submission.

                                                                                    3  / 6

K213155


  8.  Summary of Technological Characteristics

                             Table 1 Comparison of Technology Characteristics
                                                           Predicate Device
ITEM               Proposed Device                                             Remark
                                              K191928
Product Code     QKB                   QKB                        Same
Regulation Number   21 CFR 892.2050                21 CFR 892.2050               Same
Class                     II                                            II                          Same
                                                                                It  is used by radiation oncology
                              It  is used by radiation oncology
                                                      department        to        register
                    department       to      segment
                                                        multimodality images and segment
                       (non-contrast)  CT   images,   to
                                                            (non-contrast)  CT   images,   to
Indication for Use     generate needed  information  for                                        Different
                                                          generate needed  information  for
                      treatment   planning,   treatment
                                                          treatment   planning,   treatment
                      evaluation     and      treatment
                                                           evaluation     and      treatment
                      adaptation
                                                             adaptation.
Label/labeling       Conform with 21CFR Part 801      Conform with 21CFR Part 801     Same
Operation System    Windows                     Windows                     Same
Segmentation Features
Algorithm          Deep Learning                  Deep Learning                 Same
Segmentation    of
                  Head & Neck, Thorax, Abdomen  Head & Neck, Thorax, Abdomen
Organ at Risk in the                                                         Same
                    &Pelvis                          &Pelvis
Anatomic Regions
Compatible
                    Non-Contrast CT                  Non-Contrast CT               Same
Modality
Compatible Scanner  No Limitation on scanner model,  No Limitation on scanner model,
                                                                        Same
Models         DICOM 3.0 compliance required   DICOM 3.0 compliance required
Compatible
               No  limitation  on  TPS  model,  No  limitation  on  TPS  model,
Treatment Planning                                                         Same
              DICOM 3.0 compliance required   DICOM 3.0 compliance required
System
                                           Any   patient   type   for  whom
                     Adults Only (greater than 21 years  Relevant  multimodality  images
Target Population                                                                                Different
                      of age)                          and  segment  (noncontrast) CT
                                                    images are available.
Clinical   condition  Limited  to  patients  previously  Limited  to  patients  previously
the    device      is   selected for Radiation Therapy.       selected for Radiation Therapy.
intended          to  However, RT-Mind-AI can be used  However,  AccuContour  can  be  Same
diagnose,  treat  or   for   treatment   evaluation  and  used for treatment evaluation and
manage               treatment adaptation.                treatment adaptation.
                                                                                      4  / 6

K213155


Software
                     Server based                     Cloud and/or Server based           Different
Architecture
Deployment
                     Server                          Cloud Deployment and Server       Different
Feature
Automated          RT-Mind-AI         automatically  AccuContour        automatically
                                                                        Same
workflow            processes input image data           processes input image data
                  RT-Mind-AI provides basic result  AccuContour provides basic result
Contour
                    preview of automatic segmentation  preview of automatic segmentation
visualization   and                                                         Same
                          results.   Manual   segment    is   results.   Manual   segment    is
editing feature
                        possible.                              possible.
                                               The   segmentation  performance
                  The   segmentation  performance
                                               was validated using datasets from
                  was validated using datasets from
                                                   China and the USA using  three
Segmentation         the USA using three major vendors
                                                    major vendors (GE, Siemens and   Different
Performance         (GE, Siemens and  Phillips). The
                                                                   Phillips).    The    segmentation
                     segmentation accuracy is evaluated
                                                       accuracy is evaluated using DICE
                     using DICE coefficient.
                                                                 coefficient.
User   Interface  –  Basic result preview of automatic  Basic result preview of automatic
Results    Preview  segmentation    results.   Manual  segmentation    results.   Manual  Same
(Confirmation)       segment is possible.               segment is possible.
User       Interface
                     Configuration menu                 Configuration menu             Same
Configuration
                    Design  to  be  used  by  trained  Design  to  be  used  by  trained
Human Factors                                                            Same
                         clinicians.                              clinicians.
Contraindications    None                        None                        Same
       Different - Indication for Use
      The Indication for Use of the proposed device is different from that of the predicate device, because the
       predicate device contains registration and segmentation function, but the proposed device only contains
       segmentation function. The indication for use of the proposed device is within the range of that of
       predicate device, therefore, the proposed device will not have new adverse effect.

       In addition, the segmentation performance test has been conducted on the proposed device and predicate
       device. And the test result show that the DSC of proposed device was non-inferiority compared with that
       of the predicate device

       Therefore, the proposed device will not have new adverse effect.

       Different - Target Population
      The target population is different from that of the predicate device. However, the target population range
       of the proposed device is within that of the predicate device. In addition, the segmentation performance
                                                                                      5  / 6

K213155


      test has been conducted on the proposed device and predicate device. And the test result show that the
   DSC of proposed device was non-inferiority compared with that of the predicate device. Therefore, the
     proposed device will not have new adverse effect.

     Different - Software Architecture
    The software architecture of the proposed device is different from that of the predicate device. However,
     the software architecture used in proposed device is within the range of that of the predicate device.
     Therefore, the proposed device will not have new adverse effect.

     Different - Deployment Feature
    The deployment feature of the proposed device is different from that of the predicate device. However,
     the deployment feature used in proposed device is within the range of that of the predicate device.
     Therefore, the proposed device will not have new adverse effect.

     Different - Segmentation Performance
    The datasets used in segmentation performance test for the proposed device is different from that of the
     predicate device. However, the datasets used in segmentation performance test for the proposed device
      is from the USA. Therefore, the proposed device will not have new adverse effect.

9.   Substantially Equivalent (SE) Conclusion

    The conclusions drawn from the nonclinical tests demonstrate that the proposed subject device is as safe,
     as effective, and performs as well as the legally marketed predicate device K191928.


                                                                                    6  / 6