GE Healthcare (Tianjin) Company Limited                                   February 11, 2022
℅ Glen Sabin
Regulatory Affairs Director
GE Healthcare (GE Medical Systems, LLC)
3200 N Grandview Blvd.
WAUKESHA WI 53188

Re: K213603
    Trade/Device Name: SIGNATM Artist Evo
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic resonance diagnostic device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH, LNI, MOS
    Dated: November 12, 2021
    Received: November 15, 2021

Dear Glen Sabin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K213603 - Glen Sabin                                                                 Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEAL TH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                   Indications for Use                         See PRA Statement below.
 51 0(k) Number (if known)
K213603
 Device Name
 SIGNATM Artist Evo


 Indications for Use (Describe)
The SIGNATM Artist Evo system is a whole body magnetic resonance scanner designed to support high resolution, high
 signal-to-noise ratio, and short scan times. It is indicated for use as a diagnostic imaging device to produce axial, sagittal,
coronal and oblique images, spectroscopic images, parametric maps, and/or spectra, dynamic images of the structures and/
 or functions of the entire body, including, but not limited to, head, neck, TMJ, spine, breast, heart, abdomen, pelvis, joints,
 prostate, blood vessels, and musculoskeletal regions of the body. Depending on the region of interest being imaged,
 contrast agents may be used.

The images produced by the SIGNATM Artist Evo system reflect the spatial distribution or molecular environment of
nuclei exhibiting magnetic resonance. These images and/or spectra when interpreted by a trained physician yield
information that may assist in diagnosis.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                 IZI Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

 FORM FDA 3881 (6120)                             Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

SIGNA Artist Evo
                                                      510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                 K213603

                                510(k) Summary

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:
Date:           November 12, 2021
Submitter:     GE Healthcare (GE Healthcare (Tianjin) Company Limited)
                 No. 266 Jingsan Road,Tianjin Airport Economic Area
                      Tianjin, China 300308
Primary         Qiang Ding
Contact          Regulatory Affairs Program Manager
Person:            Phone: +86 13311385163
                      Email: Ding.Qiang@ge.com

Secondary       Glen Sabin
Contact          Regulatory Affairs Director
Person:                    Phone: 262-894-4968
                      Email: Glen.Sabin@ge.com

Device Trade    SIGNATM Artist Evo
Name:
Common/Usual   Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
Name:
Classification    Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
Names:
Regulation      21 CFR 892.1000
Number:
Primary       LNH
Product Code:
Secondary       LNI, MOS
Product Code:
Predicate       SIGNATM Artist (K202238)
Device:
Reference      SIGNA Architect (K202966)
Device
Device         The SIGNATM Artist Evo system is a whole body magnetic resonance
Description:     scanner designed to support high resolution, high signal-to-noise
                      ratio, and short scan times. The system features a superconducting
                magnet. The data acquisition system accommodates up to 128
                independent receive channels in various increments and multiple
                independent coil elements per channel during a single acquisition
                   series. The system uses a combination of time varying magnetic fields
                   (gradients) and RF transmissions to obtain information regarding the
                  density and position of elements exhibiting magnetic resonance. The
                system can image in the sagittal, coronal, axial, oblique, and double

SIGNA Artist Evo
                                                      510(k) Premarket Notification

                  oblique planes, using various pulse sequences and reconstruction
                  algorithms.

Indications for   The Indications for Use statement for the proposed device is
Use:                identical to that of the predicate device:


               The SIGNATM Artist Evo system is a whole-body magnetic
                 resonance scanner designed to support high resolution, high
                    signal-to-noise ratio, and short scan times. It is indicated for use as
                a diagnostic imaging device to produce axial, sagittal, coronal, and
                   oblique images, spectroscopic images, parametric maps, and/or
                   spectra, dynamic images of the structures and/or functions of the
                     entire body, including, but not limited to, head, neck, TMJ, spine,
                    breast, heart, abdomen, pelvis, joints, prostate, blood vessels, and
                  musculoskeletal regions of the body. Depending on the region of
                     interest being imaged, contrast agents may be used.

               The images produced by the SIGNATM Artist Evo system reflect the
                     spatial distribution or molecular environment of nuclei exhibiting
                 magnetic resonance. These images and/or spectra when
                    interpreted by a trained physician yield information that may assist
                      in diagnosis.

Technology     Many of the technological characteristics of the proposed SIGNATM
Characteristics:   Artist Evo system are unchanged from the predicate device. The
               SIGNATM Artist Evo system reuses GE Healthcare 1.5T LCC
                magnets in the installed base, and introduces the new IRMW
                   gradient coil. There are no changes to the RF transmit and receive
                subsystems compared to the predicate K202238. Key performance
                    specifications (such as magnet stability and spatial homogeneity,
              maximum gradient strength, etc.) for the system are also
                 unchanged.
               The SIGNATM Artist Evo system also uses the same version
                  software as the predicate device with some minor changes to
               accommodate the hardware differences. There are no changes to
                   the pulse sequences, imaging protocols and image processing.


 Determination  Summary of Non-Clinical Tests:
 of             The SIGNATM Artist Evo and the predicate device were subject to
 Substantial       similar risk management activities and performance testing to
 Equivalence:    demonstrate substantial equivalence of safety and performance.
                  Testing included compliance to the following voluntary standards:
                         AAMI/ANSI ES60601-1
                         IEC 60601-1-2
                         IEC 60601-2-33
                         AAMI/ANSI 62304
                         ISO 10993-1

SIGNA Artist Evo
                                                     510(k) Premarket Notification

                    In addition, the SIGNATM Artist Evo was tested in accordance with
                  applicable NEMA MS standards for MRI, and complies with the
           NEMA PS3 standard for DICOM, as does the predicate device.
                Both the SIGNATM Artist Evo and the predicate device are
                 compliant with ISO 10993.
              The following quality assurance measures were applied to the
                development of the subject device, as they were for the predicate
                  device:
                         Risk Analysis
                         Requirements Reviews
                         Design Reviews
                         Testing on unit level (Module verification)
                         Integration testing (System verification)
                         Performance testing (Verification)
                         Simulated use testing (Validation)


             Summary of Clinical Tests:
             The subject of this premarket submission, the SIGNATM Artist Evo,
                 did not require clinical studies to support substantial equivalence.
              Sample clinical images have been included in this submission. The
              sample clinical images demonstrate acceptable diagnostic image
               performance of the SIGNATM Artist Evo in accordance with the FDA
              Guidance “Submission of Premarket Notifications for Magnetic
              Resonance Diagnostic Devices” issued on November 18, 2016.
             The image quality of the SIGNATM Artist Evo is substantially
                 equivalent to that of the predicate device.


                 Substantial Equivalence Conclusion:
             The indications for use of the proposed device are comparable to
                 the claimed predicate device. The SIGNATM Artist Evo employs
                 equivalent technology to the claimed predicate device. Additionally,
                 the results from the above non-clinical tests demonstrate that the
                device performs as intended. Therefore, the SIGNATM Artist Evo is
                  substantially equivalent to the predicate device to which it has been
               compared.
Conclusion    The proposed SIGNATM Artist Evo system has been developed
Drawn from    under GE Healthcare’s quality system and is at least as safe and
Performance    effective as the legally marketed predicate. The performance testing
Testing:         did not identify any new hazards, adverse effects, or safety or
               performance concerns that are significantly different from those
                associated with MR imaging in general.
                 Therefore, GE Healthcare believes that SIGNATM Artist Evo is
                  substantially equivalent to the predicate device, and is safe and
                   effective for its intended use.