Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
℅ John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street NW
WASHINGTON DC 20004
                                                                        April 26, 2022
Re: K213886
    Trade/Device Name: BriefCase
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: April 1, 2022
    Received: April 1, 2022

Dear Dr. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K213886 - John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.                                                     Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography Ultrasound and Imaging Software Branch
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                Food and Drug Administration                              Expiration Date: 06/20/2023
           Indications for Use                      See PRA Statement on last page
  510(k) Number (if known)

  K213886
  Device Name

  BriefCase
  Indications for Use (Describe)

  BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the
  analysis of contrast-enhanced chest CTs (not dedicated CTPA protocol) in adults or transitional
  adolescents age 18 and older. The device is intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately
  trained medical specialists in workflow triage by flagging and communication of suspect cases of
  incidental Pulmonary Embolism (iPE) pathologies. The device is intended to be used on singleenergy exams only.

  BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and flag suspect cases on a
  standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation.
 The user is presented with notifications for suspect cases. Notifications include compressed
  preview images that are meant for informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use
  beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical image and is not intended to
  be used as a diagnostic device.

 The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and
  based on their professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified
  clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.


  Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

☒ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)         Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)                      ☐
                   CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

              This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
     *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
          The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per
           response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather
          and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information.
         Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information
              collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                         Department of Health and Human
                                             Services Food and Drug Administration
                                                 Office of Chief Information Officer
                                        Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                          PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
      “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                         information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


  FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                         Page 1 of 1
                                                      PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740
     \
                                                                                      019

510(k) Summary
                         Aidoc Medical, Ltd.’s BriefCase
                                 K213886

Submitter:

       Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
      3 Aminadav St.
        Tel-Aviv, Israel
      Phone:             +972-73-7946870

       Contact Person:      N. Epstein, Ph.D.

      Date Prepared:         April 1, 2022

Name of Device:            BriefCase

Classification Name:        Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
                            device

Regulatory Class:          Class II

Product Code:          QAS (21 C.F.R. 892.2080)

Predicate Device:           BriefCase (K203508, for iPE triage)

Device Description

BriefCase is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device. The software
system is based on an algorithm programmed component and consists of a standard off-the-shelf
operating system, the Microsoft Windows server 2012 64bit, and additional applications, which
include PostgreSQL, DICOM module and the BriefCase Image Processing Application. The device
consists of the following three modules: (1) Aidoc Hospital Server (AHS); (2) Aidoc Cloud Server
(ACS); and (3) Aidoc Worklist Application that is installed on the user’s desktop and provides the
interface in which notifications from the BriefCase software are received and the worklist is
presented.

DICOM images are received, saved, filtered and de-identified before processing.   Filtration
matches metadata fields with keywords. Series are processed chronologically by running the
algorithms on each series to detect suspected cases. The software then flags suspect cases by
sending notifications to the Worklist desktop application, thereby prompting triage and prioritization
by the user. As the BriefCase software platform harbors several triage algorithms, the user may
opt to  filter out notifications by pathology, e.g., a chest radiologist may choose to  filter out
notifications on LVO cases, and a neuro-radiologist would opt to divert PE notifications. Where
several medical centers are linked to a shared PACS, a user may read cases for a certain center
but not for another, and thus may opt to filter out notification by center. Activating the filter does
not impact the order in which notifications are presented in the Aidoc worklist application.

The Worklist Application displays the pop-up text notifications of new studies with suspected
findings when they come in. Notifications are in the form of a small pop-up containing patient name,
accession number and the relevant pathology (e.g., iPE). A  list of  all incoming cases with
suspected findings is also displayed. Hovering over a notification or a case in the worklist pops up
a compressed, small black and white, unmarked image that is captioned “not for diagnostic use”


                                                                                     012

and is displayed as a preview function. This compressed preview is meant for informational
purposes only, does not contain any marking of the findings, and is not intended for primary
diagnosis beyond notification.

Presenting the users with notification facilitates earlier triage by prompting them to assess the
relevant original images in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention earlier than would
have been the case in the standard of care practice alone.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the
analysis of contrast-enhanced chest CTs (not dedicated CTPA protocol) in adults or transitional
adolescents age 18 and older. The device is intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately
trained medical specialists in workflow triage by flagging and communication of suspect cases of
incidental Pulmonary Embolism (iPE) pathologies. The device is intended to be used on singleenergy exams only.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and flag suspect cases on a
standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation.
The user is presented with notifications for suspect cases. Notifications include compressed
preview images that are meant for informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use
beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical image and is not intended to
be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and
based on their professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified
clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The subject BriefCase for iPE triage and the predicate device BriefCase for iPE triage (K203508)
are identical in all aspects. The subject device is intended for use with additional CT scanners.
Specifically, the predicate device was cleared for use with GE and Siemens CT scanners. In this
submission, additional performance data were generated for using the BriefCase iPE device with
Philips and Toshiba CT scanners.

Both devices are radiological computer-aided triage and notification software programs.  Both
devices are artificial intelligence algorithms incorporated software packages for use with DICOM
3.0 compliant CT scanners, PACS, and radiology workstations. Both devices are intended to aid
in triage and prioritization of radiological contrast-enhanced chest images containing suspected
incidental Pulmonary Embolism (iPE) findings. Both devices are intended to provide the users with
notifications and unannotated preview images of suspect studies for the purpose of preemptive
triage.

Both software devices notify the users of the availability of time sensitive radiological images for
review based on computer aided image analysis. Both devices send notifications and low-quality
compressed previews to the user’s desktop. Both devices feature a notifications filter in the user
interface. Notifications are for informational purpose only and are meant to prompt the user to
triage the flagged case, upon which he may decide after observing the unannotated, low quality
preview on his desktop app, to turn to the local PACS to perform evaluation of the original series
earlier than would have been the case without BriefCase.


                                                                                     013

Thus, the subject and predicate BriefCase raise the same types of safety and effectiveness
    questions, namely, accurate detection of findings within the processed study. It is important to note
     that, like the predicate, the subject device does not remove cases from the standard of care reading
    queue and does not modify them. Both devices operate in parallel with the standard of care, which
    remains the default option for all cases.

   A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.


                              Table 1. Key feature comparison
                          Predicate Device                      Subject Device
               Aidoc Briefcase iPE triage (K203508)   Aidoc Briefcase iPE triage (K213886)

Intended Use /  BriefCase is  a  radiological  computer BriefCase is a radiological computer aided
Indications for  aided  triage and  notification  software triage and notification software indicated for
Use             indicated  for  use  in  the  analysis  of use in the analysis of contrast-enhanced
               contrast-enhanced chest CTs  (but not chest CTs (not dedicated CTPA protocol) in
               dedicated CTPA protocol). The device is adults or transitional adolescents age 18
               intended to assist hospital networks and and  older.  The device   is  intended  to
                 appropriately trained medical specialists assist hospital networks and appropriately
                   in  workflow   triage  by flagging  and trained  medical   specialists in  workflow
              communication  of  suspected  positive triage by flagging and communication  of
              cases of incidental Pulmonary Embolism suspect  cases  of  incidental  Pulmonary
                 (iPE) pathologies. For the iPE pathology, Embolism (iPE) pathologies. The device is
                the software is only intended to be used intended  to  be  used on  single-energy
             on single-energy exams. The device is exams only.
               intended to work with GE and Siemens
               scanners only.                         BriefCase  uses an   artificial  intelligence
                                                          algorithm  to  analyze  images  and  flag
               BriefCase uses an  artificial  intelligence suspect cases on a standalone desktop
                algorithm  to analyze images and  flag application  in  parallel  to  the  ongoing
               suspect cases on a standalone desktop standard of care image interpretation. The
                 application  in  parallel  to  the ongoing user  is  presented  with notifications  for
               standard of care image interpretation. The suspect        cases.         Notifications
               user  is presented  with notifications  for include compressed preview images  that
               suspect       cases.        Notifications are meant for informational purposes only
                include compressed preview images that and  not  intended   for  diagnostic  use
               are meant for informational purposes only beyond notification. The device does  not
             and  not  intended  for  diagnostic  use alter the original medical image and is not
              beyond notification. The device does not intended to be used as a diagnostic device
                   alter the original medical image and is not
               intended  to be used as a  diagnostic The results of BriefCase are intended to be
                device.                             used     in    conjunction    with    other
                                                             patient information   and   based   on
             The results of BriefCase are intended to professional   judgment, to   assist   with
             be  used   in  conjunction  with  other triage/prioritization   of  medical  images.
                 patient information and based on  their Notified   clinicians are   responsible   for
                 professional  judgment, to  assist  with viewing full images per the standard of care.
                   triage/prioritization  of  medical  images.
                 Notified  clinicians are  responsible  for
                viewing  full images per the standard of
                 care.
User population Appropriately trained medical specialists  Appropriately trained medical specialists
Anatomical     Chest                               Chest
region of
interest


                                                                                        014

Inclusion/       Inclusion criteria                           Inclusion Criteria
Exclusion         -  Contrast-enhanced chest CTs (not       -  Contrast-enhanced chest CTs (not
criteria            dedicated CTPA protocol.                dedicated CTPA protocol.
                      -  Single energy exams.                        -  Single energy exams.
                      -  Scans performed with a 64 slice or       -  Scans performed with a 64 slice or
                   greater number of detectors.              greater number of detectors.
                      -  Scans performed on adults/transitional  -  Scans performed on adults/ transitional
                    adults ≥ 18 years of age.                 adolescents  ≥ 18 years of age.
                      -  Slice thickness; 0.5 -   2.0 mm axial.   -  Slice thickness; 0.5 -   2.0 mm axial.

                Exclusion Criteria                       Exclusion Criteria
                    All studies that are technically inadequate, All studies that are technically inadequate,
                 including studies with motion artifacts,     including  studies  with  motion   artifacts,
               severe metal artifacts, or inadequate field severe metal artifacts, or inadequate field of
                  of view.                                  view.
Data acquisition Contrast-enhanced chest CTs (not       Contrast-enhanced chest CTs (not
protocol        dedicated CTPA protocol)               dedicated CTPA protocol)
View DICOM  DICOM Information about the patient,   DICOM Information about the patient, study
data           study and current image               and current image
Segmentation of No; device does not mark, annotate, or   No; device does not mark, annotate, or
region of         direct users’ attention to a specific location direct users’ attention to a specific location
interest          in the original image                         in the original image

Algorithm         Artificial intelligence algorithm with          Artificial intelligence algorithm with
              database of images                    database of images
Notification/    Yes                              Yes
Prioritization
Preview images Presentation of a low-quality, compressed, Presentation of a low-quality, compressed,
                grayscale preview image that is captioned grayscale preview image that is captioned
                “Not for diagnostic use”.                 “Not for diagnostic use”.
Alteration of   No                           No
original image
Removal of     No. The device operates in parallel with   No. The device operates in parallel with the
cases from     the standard of care, which remains the   standard of care, which remains the default
worklist queue  default option for all cases.               option for all cases.
Structure           - AHS module/Orchestrator (image        - AHS module/Orchestrator (image
                      acquisition).                                 acquisition).
                       - ACS module (image processing).         - ACS module (image processing).
                       -  Aidoc Worklist application for workflow  -  Aidoc Worklist application for workflow
                     integration (worklist and non-diagnostic    integration (worklist and non-diagnostic
                   basic Image Viewer).                 Image Viewer).

    Performance Data
     Pivotal Study Summary

    Aidoc conducted a retrospective, blinded, multicenter study with the BriefCase software with the
    primary endpoint to evaluate the software’s performance in identifying Contrast-enhanced chest
   CTs (not dedicated CTPA protocol, acquired through Philips and Toshiba scanners), containing
     Incidental Pulmonary Embolism in 159 cases from 3 clinical study sites (2 in the US, 1 OUS). There
    were 78 positive cases and 81 negative cases (images with iPE versus without iPE) included in
    the analysis.

    Primary Endpoints
     Sensitivity and specificity exceeded the 80% performance goal. Specifically, sensitivity was 89.7
  % (95% CI: 80.8%, 95.5%) and specificity was 90.1% (95% CI: 81.5%, 95.6%). The primary


                                                                                        015

endpoints were met.

Secondary Endpoints
Time saving data were presented in the original iPE 510(k) Summary (K201020) and remain
applicable to this device. In summary, the contribution of the BriefCase software is in reducing the
time span until an exam is opened to several minutes for cases with suspect findings (4.7 min
BriefCase time to notification compared to 223.3 min time-to-exam-open in the standard of care).

Positive/Negative Predictive Values, and Positive/Negative Likelihood Ratios are given below.

Table 2. PPV/NPV with Associated Two-sided 95% Confidence Limits (population prevalence of
positive = 2.6%1, Confidence limits computed using the "exact" Clopper-Pearson method
                                        95%      95%
                     Parameter        Estimate
                                           Lower CL   Upper CL
                 Negative Predictive Value  99.7%     99.4%     99.8%
                   Positive Predictive Value   19.5%     11.1%     32.0%

Table 3. PLR/NLR Ratios with Two-Sided 95% Confidence Limits (Efficacy Population)
                                        95%      95%
                     Parameter        Estimate
                                           Lower CL   Upper CL
                 Negative Likelihood Ratio    0.11       0.06        0.22
                    Positive Likelihood Ratio    9.09       4.69        17.62

Covariate Analysis for Poolability
None of the potential covariates demonstrated statistical significance. In other words, device
performance does not meaningfully interact with location (center), gender or age.

Conclusions
The subject BriefCase for iPE triage and the predicate BriefCase for iPE triage are both intended
to aid in prioritization and triage of radiological images for the indications of incidental Pulmonary
Embolism. The predicate was cleared for GE and Siemens CT scanners; the subject device is also
intended for use with Philips and Toshiba CT scanners. Both devices are software packages with
identical technological characteristics and principles of operation, both incorporating the same
deep learning AI algorithms  that process images, and software  to send  notifications and
unannotated compressed preview images to the user’s desktop. In both devices, the labeling
states that the devices are not for diagnostic use and instructs the user to further evaluate and
diagnose based only on the original images in the local PACS.

Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not
change the original image, do not provide any marking on the output preview, and neither remove
nor deprioritize images from the standard of care FIFO queue, thus not disturbing standard
interpretation of the images by the users. Both devices notify the user of time-sensitive critical
cases within the range of several minutes, and thus contribute similarly to the standard of care
workflow turnaround time reduction through preemptive triage.

The subject BriefCase device for iPE triage is thus substantially equivalent to the predicate
BriefCase device for iPE triage.

1 Dentali F, Ageno W, Becattini C, et al. Prevalence and clinical history of incidental, asymptomatic pulmonary
embolism: a meta-analysis. Thromb Res 2010; 125:518–522


                                                                                     016