June 16, 2022
Canon Medical Systems Corporation
℅ Orlando Tadeo
Sr. Manager, Regulatory Affairs
Canon Medical Systems USA
2441 Michelle Drive
TUSTIN CA 92780


Re: K213504
    Trade/Device Name: Aquilion ONE (TSX-306A/3) V10.12 with Spectral Imaging System, Vitrea
                        Software Package, VSTP-001A
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-Ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK, LLZ
    Dated: May 12, 2022
    Received: May 13, 2022

Dear Orlando Tadeo:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K213504 - Orlando Tadeo                                                              Page 2


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                                                                                  Digitally signed by
                                                                         Laurel M. Burk -S
                                                                        Date: 2022.06.16
                                                                        10:43:51 -04'00'
                                             Laurel Burk, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-ray Systems Team
                             DHT 8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                         and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K213504
Device Name
Aquilion ONE (TSX-306A/3) V10.12 with Spectral Imaging System
Indications for Use (Describe)
This device is indicated to acquire and display cross-sectional volumes of the whole body, to include the head, with the
capability to image whole organs in a single rotation. Whole organs include, but are not limited to brain, heart, pancreas,
etc.
The Aquilion ONE has the capability to provide volume sets of the entire organ. These volume sets can be used to
perform specialized studies, using indicated software/hardware, of the whole organ by a trained and qualified physician.
FIRST is an iterative reconstruction algorithm intended to reduce exposure dose and improve high contrast spatial
resolution for abdomen, pelvis, chest, cardiac, extremities and head applications.
AiCE is a noise reduction algorithm that improves image quality and reduces image noise by employing Deep
Convolutional Neural Network methods for abdomen, pelvis, lung, cardiac, brain, inner ear and extremities applications.
The spectral imaging system utilizes two scan modes, spectral imaging scan and dual energy scan.
The spectral imaging scan allows the system to acquire two nearly simultaneous CT images of an anatomical location
using distinct tube voltages and/or tube currents by rapid KV switching. The X-ray dose will be the sum of the dose at
each respective tube voltage and current in a rotation.
Information regarding the material composition of various organs, tissues, and contrast materials may be gained from the
differences in X-ray attenuation between these distinct energies.
The dual energy scan, utilized for brain imaging, allows the system to acquire two CT images of the same anatomical
location using distinct tube voltages and/or tube currents during two tube rotations. The X-ray dose will be the sum of the
dose of each tube rotation at its respective tube voltage and current. Information regarding the material composition of
various organs, tissues, and contrast materials may be gained from the differences in X-ray attenuation between these
distinct energies. This information may also be used to reconstruct images at multiple energies within the available
spectrum, and to reconstruct basis images that allow the visualization and analysis of anatomical and pathological
materials. Performance of dual energy scan may be affected by body size and motion artifacts.
When used by a qualified physician, a potential application is to determine the course of treatment
PIQE is a Deep Learning Reconstruction method designed to enhance spatial resolution. By incorporating noise reduction
into the Deep Convolutional Neural Network (DCNN), it is possible to achieve both spatial resolution improvement and
noise reduction for cardiac applications.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (J Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 2 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 2 of 2

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K213504
Device Name
Vitrea Software Package, VSTP-O01A
Indications for Use (Describe)
Vitrea Software Package is an application package developed for use on Vitrea®, a medical diagnostic system that allows
the processing, review, analysis, communication and media interchange of multi-dimensional digital images acquired
from a variety of imaging devices. Vitrea has the following additional indications:
The Cerebral Aneurysm Analysis application is intended to facilitate the extraction and segmentation of user identified
aneurysms on the cerebral arteries. The software can be used as an adjunct to diagnosis for the purposes of measurement
of size and aspect ratio.
The MR Wall Motion Tracking application is intended to assist physicians with performing cardiac functional analysis
based upon magnetic resonance images. It provides measurements of global and regional myocardial function that is used
for patients with suspected heart disease.
The MR Coronary Tracking application is intended to assist physicians with performing coronary artery analysis for MR
heart images which are intended for the qualitative and quantitative analysis of coronary arteries.
The SUREVolume Synthesis application is intended to load volume images acquired by whole-body X-ray CT scanners,
X-ray angiography systems, and MRI systems and displays fusion images.
The Angio Viewer application displays image data acquired using an X-ray angiography system. It supports cine display,
subtraction, and distance measurement.
The US Cardiac Fusion application enables fusion display of the analysis results obtained using the US 3D Wall Motion
Tracking application and the CT Coronary Artery Analysis application.
The Ultrasound Clinical Applications are indicated for the visualization of structures, and dynamic processes with the
human body using saved ultrasound DICOM images to provide image information for diagnosis.
The Spectral Stone Analysis application is intended to serve as an adjunct visualization tool for the differentiation
between uric acid and non-uric acid stones greater than 3 mm with Spectral CT studies acquired on the Canon Medical
Systems scanner.
The Spectral Composition Analysis application is intended to assist a physician in visualizing the presence of
monosodium urate in anatomical structures. The clinical syndrome of gout is characterized by the presence of
monosodium urate crystals in joints or soft tissue.
The Embolization Plan application is a post processing software that is intended to assist physicians in the visualization of
the liver arterial tree using 3D images of CT or 3D images of Cone Beam CT acquired by Toshiba or Canon Medical
Systems. It provides tools to assist the user in analysis of these images. The output is intended to be an adjunct means that
allows automatic and manual planning of the liver arterial vessels for guidance of the embolization procedure. The output
is a 3D visualization of the hepatic arteries to high dense lesion in the liver.
The Spectral Analysis application is a CT, non-invasive image analysis software package, which may be used to aid in the
visualization of anatomical and pathological materials. The software provides quantification of Hounsfield units of iodine
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 2 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

attenuation differences and iodine concentration and display by color.
Effective Z and Electron Density maps may aid in the differentiation and characterization of different tissues in the human
body.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) oO Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 2 of 2

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K213504
Device Name
Vitrea Software Package, VSTP-O01A
Indications for Use (Describe)
Vitrea Software Package is an application package developed for use on Vitrea®, a medical diagnostic system that allows
the processing, review, analysis, communication and media interchange of multi-dimensional digital images acquired
from a variety of imaging devices. Vitrea has the following additional indications:
The Cerebral Aneurysm Analysis application is intended to facilitate the extraction and segmentation of user identified
aneurysms on the cerebral arteries. The software can be used as an adjunct to diagnosis for the purposes of measurement
of size and aspect ratio.
The MR Wall Motion Tracking application is intended to assist physicians with performing cardiac functional analysis
based upon magnetic resonance images. It provides measurements of global and regional myocardial function that is used
for patients with suspected heart disease.
The MR Coronary Tracking application is intended to assist physicians with performing coronary artery analysis for MR
heart images which are intended for the qualitative and quantitative analysis of coronary arteries.
The SUREVolume Synthesis application is intended to load volume images acquired by whole-body X-ray CT scanners,
X-ray angiography systems, and MRI systems and displays fusion images.
The Angio Viewer application displays image data acquired using an X-ray angiography system. It supports cine display,
subtraction, and distance measurement.
The US Cardiac Fusion application enables fusion display of the analysis results obtained using the US 3D Wall Motion
Tracking application and the CT Coronary Artery Analysis application.
The Ultrasound Clinical Applications are indicated for the visualization of structures, and dynamic processes with the
human body using saved ultrasound DICOM images to provide image information for diagnosis.
The Spectral Stone Analysis application is intended to serve as an adjunct visualization tool for the differentiation
between uric acid and non-uric acid stones greater than 3 mm with Spectral CT studies acquired on the Canon Medical
Systems scanner.
The Spectral Composition Analysis application is intended to assist a physician in visualizing the presence of
monosodium urate in anatomical structures. The clinical syndrome of gout is characterized by the presence of
monosodium urate crystals in joints or soft tissue.
The Embolization Plan application is a post processing software that is intended to assist physicians in the visualization of
the liver arterial tree using 3D images of CT or 3D images of Cone Beam CT acquired by Toshiba or Canon Medical
Systems. It provides tools to assist the user in analysis of these images. The output is intended to be an adjunct means that
allows automatic and manual planning of the liver arterial vessels for guidance of the embolization procedure. The output
is a 3D visualization of the hepatic arteries to high dense lesion in the liver.
The Spectral Analysis application is a CT, non-invasive image analysis software package, which may be used to aid in the
visualization of anatomical and pathological materials. The software provides quantification of Hounsfield units of iodine
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 2 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

attenuation differences and iodine concentration and display by color.
Effective Z and Electron Density maps may aid in the differentiation and characterization of different tissues in the human
body.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) oO Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 2 of 2

510(k) SUMMARY                 K213504

     1.     SUBMITTER’S NAME:
            Fumiaki Teshima
            Senior Manager, Quality Assurance Department
          Canon Medical Systems Corporation
          1385 Shimoishigami
            Otawara-Shi, Tochigi-ken, Japan 324-8550

     2.     ESTABLISHMENT REGISTRATION:
          9614698

     3.     OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENT/CONTACT PERSON:
           Orlando Tadeo, Jr.
               Sr. Manager, Regulatory Affairs
          Canon Medical Systems USA, Inc
          2441 Michelle Drive
              Tustin, CA 92780
            (714) 669-7459

     4.     DATE PREPARED:
           October 28, 2021

     5.     TRADE NAME(S):
             Aquilion ONE (TSX-306A/3) V10.12 with Spectral Imaging System

     6.    COMMON NAME:
          Computed Tomography X-ray System

     7.     DEVICE CLASSIFICATION:
              a) Classification Name: Computed Tomography X-ray system
             b) Regulation Number: 21 CFR §892.1750
               c) Regulatory Class: Class II

     8.    PRODUCT CODE:
           JAK

     9.    PERFORMANCE STANDARD:
             This device conforms to applicable Performance Standards for Ionizing Radiation Emitting
            Products [21 CFR, Subchapter J, Part 1020]


2441 Michelle Drive, Tustin, CA 92780    PHONE: 800-421-1968


https://us.medical.canon

                                              Page 1 of 6

10.    PREDICATE DEVICE:
                                            Regulation  Regulation                   510(k)    Clearance
         Product            Marketed by                          Product Code
                                   Number   Name                  Number  Date
          Primary:
                                                                          JAK:
          Aquilion ONE (TSX-   Canon                 Computed
                                       21 CFR                   System, X-ray,
         306A/3) V10.4 with   Medical                Tomography               K203225  03/24/2021
                                         §892.1750               Tomography,
          Spectral Imaging      Systems, USA              X-ray System
                                                           Computed
         System

11.   REASON FOR SUBMISSION:
        Modification of existing medical device

12.    DEVICE DESCRIPTION:
        Aquilion ONE (TSX-306A/3) V10.12 with Spectral Imaging System is a whole body multi-slice
         helical CT scanner, consisting of a gantry, couch and a console used for data processing and display.
        This device captures cross sectional volume data sets used to perform specialized studies, using
        indicated software/hardware, by a trained and qualified physician. This system is based upon the
       technology and materials of previously marketed Canon CT systems.

13.    INDICATIONS FOR USE:
        This device is indicated to acquire and display cross-sectional volumes of the whole body, to
        include the head, with the capability to image whole organs in a single rotation. Whole organs
        include, but are not limited to brain, heart, pancreas, etc.

       The Aquilion ONE has the capability to provide volume sets of the entire organ. These volume sets
       can be used to perform specialized studies, using indicated software/hardware, of the whole organ
       by a trained and qualified physician.

       FIRST is an iterative reconstruction algorithm intended to reduce exposure dose and improve high
        contrast spatial resolution for abdomen, pelvis, chest, cardiac, extremities and head applications.

       AiCE is a noise reduction algorithm that improves image quality and reduces image noise by
       employing Deep Convolutional Neural Network methods for abdomen, pelvis, lung, cardiac, brain,
        inner ear and extremities applications.

       The spectral imaging system utilizes two scan modes, spectral imaging scan and dual energy scan.

       The spectral imaging scan allows the system to acquire two nearly simultaneous CT images of an
       anatomical location using distinct tube voltages and/or tube currents by rapid KV switching. The Xray dose will be the sum of the dose at each respective tube voltage and current in a rotation.
       Information regarding the material composition of various organs, tissues, and contrast materials
      may be gained from the differences in X-ray attenuation between these distinct energies.

       The dual energy scan, utilized for brain imaging, allows the system to acquire two CT images of the
      same anatomical location using distinct tube voltages and/or tube currents during two tube
        rotations. The X-ray dose will be the sum of the dose of each tube rotation at its respective tube
        voltage and current. Information regarding the material composition of various organs, tissues, and
        contrast materials may be gained from the differences in X-ray attenuation between these distinct
        energies. This information may also be used to reconstruct images at multiple energies within the
        available spectrum, and to reconstruct basis images that allow the visualization and analysis of


                                                                                                              Page 2 of 6

anatomical and pathological materials. Performance of dual energy scan may be affected by body
         size and motion artifacts.

     When used by a qualified physician, a potential application is to determine the course of treatment

       PIQE is a Deep Learning Reconstruction method designed to enhance spatial resolution. By
        incorporating noise reduction into the Deep Convolutional Neural Network (DCNN), it is possible to
       achieve both spatial resolution improvement and noise reduction for cardiac applications.

14.    SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE:
       The Aquilion ONE (TSX-306A/3) V10.12 with Spectral Imaging System is substantially equivalent to
        Aquilion ONE (TSX-306A/3) V10.4 with Spectral Imaging System, which received premarket
        clearance under K203225, and is marketed by Canon Medical Systems USA. The intended use of
       the Aquilion ONE is the same as that of the predicate device. The Aquilion ONE (TSX-306A/3)
       V10.12 with Spectral Imaging System includes changes made to the predicate device including
       implementation of PIQE (Precise IQ Engine), brain imaging for Spectral Imaging System, SilverBeam
          Filter, increased maximum couch-top speed, and a console with a new intuitive user interface. A
       comparison of the technological characteristics between the subject and the predicate device is
        included below.


                                     Subject Device             Predicate Device        Comment
        Device Name,               Aquilion ONE              Aquilion ONE
        Model Number             (TSX-306A/3) V10.12 with  (TSX-306A/3) V10.4 with
                                       Spectral Imaging System    Spectral Imaging System
          510(k) Number              This submission          K203225
         Reconstruction            PIQE (Precision IQ Engine)  AIDR 3D                 PIQE is a Deep Learning
                                                                                         Reconstruction algorithm
                                                                                              that improves spatial
                                                                                               resolution and noise
                                                                                          reduction
           • Scan Region            Cardiac                Whole Body

           • Scan Types           Volume, Dynamic Volume  Volume, Dynamic Volume,
                                                                       Helical

           • Spectral Scan         Not Available               Available

           • Reconstruction         0.25* and 0.5 mm        Can be set in increments of * When double slice kit is
               Interval                                       a minimum of 0.1 mm       installed


        Magnified Reconstruction   Min. 70 mm            No restriction on the
                                Max. 500 mm           minimum
                                                       Max. 500 mm

       Wedge Filter Types        M, L, SilverBeam Filter     M, L


        Couch-top Speed            0.8 - 300 mm/s (315 kg)     0.8 - 200 mm/s (315 kg)
                                      0.8 - 160 mm/s (220 kg)     0.8 - 160 mm/s (220 kg)


                                                                                                              Page 3 of 6

Subject Device             Predicate Device        Comment
        Device Name,               Aquilion ONE              Aquilion ONE
        Model Number             (TSX-306A/3) V10.12 with  (TSX-306A/3) V10.4 with
                                       Spectral Imaging System    Spectral Imaging System
          510(k) Number              This submission          K203225
         Spectral Imaging System     Available                   Available

           • Scan Type              -Rapid kV Switching and    -Rapid kV Switching
                                  Dual Energy Scan
                                         (Brain)

           • Scan Regions         -Abdomen and pelvis,     -Abdomen and pelvis,
                                      Chest, Extremities, Cardiac  Chest, Extremities and
                               and Brain                  Cardiac


        Console Upgrade with new   Available*               Not Available                 *: System software version
         user interface                                                                             after CGS-102A is installed
        (CGS-102A)                                                                                                    is V1.1. This kit cannot be
                                                                                  used in combination with
                                                                                         V10.12.


15.    SAFETY:
       The device is designed and manufactured under the Quality System Regulations as outlined in
      21 CFR § 820 and ISO 13485 Standards. This device is in conformance with the applicable parts
        of the following standards IEC60601-1, IEC60601-1-2, IEC60601-1-3, IEC60601-1-6, IEC60601-1-
         9, IEC60601-2-28, IEC60601-2-44, IEC60825-1, IEC62304, IEC62366, NEMA XR-25, NEMA XR-26
      and NEMA XR-29. Additionally, this device complies with all applicable requirements of the
        radiation safety performance standards, as outlined in 21 CFR §1010 and §1020.

        This device conforms to applicable Performance Standards for Ionizing Radiation Emitting
       Products [21 CFR, Subchapter J, Part 1020]


16.    TESTING
        Risk analysis and verification/validation activities conducted through bench testing demonstrate
        that the established specifications for the device have been met.

       Performance Testing - Bench

              PIQE Image Quality Evaluation
             CT image quality metrics were performed, utilizing phantoms, to assess Contrast-toNoise Ratios (CNR), CT Number Accuracy, Uniformity, Slice Sensitivity Profile (SSP),
              Modulation Transfer Function (MTF)-Wire, Modulation Transfer Function (MTF)-Edge,
              Standard Deviation of Noise (SD), Noise Power Spectra (NPS), Low Contrast Detectability
               (LCD) and Pediatric imaging. It was concluded that PIQE is substantially equivalent to the
               predicate device as demonstrated by the results of the above testing.

              PIQE Spatial Resolution
           A phantom study was conducted and the subject device demonstrated 8 lp/cm greater
               high contrast spatial resolution compared to AIDR 3D.

                                                                                                              Page 4 of 6

Other PIQE evaluation studies, using various phantoms, were conducted to support the
        following claims:
          -   Reduced noise compared to AIDR 3D
          -   Improved Off-Center Resolution compared to AIDR 3D
          -   Improved signal/object visualization for the most common cardiac tasks compared
           to AIDR 3D
          -   Reduced noise without loss of noise texture compared to AIDR 3D
          -   Improved spatial resolution and simultaneously reduced noise compared to AIDR 3D
          -   Improved CT number accuracy for fine structures compared to AIDR 3D
          -   Improved CNR in all planes compared to AIDR 3D

       SilverBeam Image Quality Evaluation

      CT image quality metrics were performed utilizing phantoms, to assess the performance of
       SilverBeam over a range of fixed techniques applicable to lung cancer screening compared to
       the predicate device, with regard to the following metrics: Contrast-to-Noise Ratios (CNR), CT
      Number Accuracy, Uniformity, Slice Sensitivity Profile (SSP), Modulation Transfer Function
       (MTF)-Edge, Standard Deviation of Noise (SD), Noise Power Spectra (NPS), and Low Contrast
        Detectability (LCD). It was concluded that the subject device demonstrated equivalent or
       improved performance, compared to the predicate device, as demonstrated by the results of
       the above testing.

       SilverBeam Dose Reduction
      A phantom study was conducted which compared dose in Head/Body modes between
       normal scan mode and in DR-mode (with SilverBeam Filter) and it was determined that
      DR-mode resulted in dose reduction.

      3D Scanogram
      A study was conducted utilizing water and anthropomorphic phantoms and the subject
       device demonstrated the ability to produce substantially equivalent 3D and 2D
       scanongrams.


Performance Testing – Clinical Images

       Representative body, cardiac, low dose chest and head diagnostic images, reviewed by an
       American Board Certified Radiologist, were obtained using the subject device and it was
       confirmed that the reconstructed images using the subject device were of diagnostic quality.

A summary of the risk analysis and verification/validation testing conducted through bench and
clinical testing is included in this submission which demonstrates that the requirements for the
system have been met.

Software Documentation for a Moderate Level of Concern, per the FDA guidance document,
“Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices
Document” issued on May 11, 2005, is included in TAB 7 of this submission. This documentation
includes justification for the Moderate Level of Concern determination as well as testing which
demonstrates that the verification and validation requirements for the modifications described above
have been met.


                                                                                                     Page 5 of 6

A Software Information Checklist is included at the conclusion of this Executive Summary.

        Cybersecurity documentation, per the FDA cybersecurity premarket guidance document “Content of
       Premarket Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices ” issued on October 2,
       2014, is also included as part of this submission.


17.    CONCLUSION
       The Aquilion ONE (TSX-306A/3) V10.12 with Spectral Imaging System performs in a manner
        similar to and is intended for the same use as the predicate device, as indicated in product
         labeling. Based upon this information, conformance to standards, successful completion of
       software validation, application of risk management and design controls and the performance
       data presented in this submission it is concluded that the subject device has demonstrated
        substantial equivalence to the predicate device and is safe and effective for its intended use.


                                                                                                              Page 6 of 6

K213504

      510(k) Summary

           1.  SUBMITTER’S NAME
              Fumiaki Teshima
                  Sr. Manager, Quality Assurance Department
            Canon Medical Systems Corporation
             1385 Shimoishigami
               Otawara-Shi, Tochigi-ken, Japan 324-8550

           2.  ESTABLISHMENT REGISTRATION
             9614698

           3.   OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENT/CONTACT PERSON
              Orlando Tadeo, Jr.
                    Sr. Manager, Regulatory Affairs
            Canon Medical Systems USA, Inc.
             2441 Michelle Dr.
                 Tustin, CA 92780
               (714) 669-7459

           4.  DATE PREPARED
              October 27, 2021

           5.   DEVICE NAME(S)
                Vitrea Software Package, VSTP-001A

           6.  TRADE NAME(S)
                Vitrea Software Package, VSTP-001A

           7.  COMMON NAME
                Radiological Image Processing Software

           8.   DEVICE CLASSIFICATION
                Class II (per 21 CFR 892.2050, Medical Image Management and Processing System)
              Medical Image Management and Processing System – Product Code: LLZ [per 21 CFR
              892.2050]

           9.  PREDICATE DEVICE

                                               Regulation  Regulation     Product  510(k)   Clearance
           Product             Marketed by
                                     Number   Name         Code    Number Date
             Vitrea Software                                Medical Image
                             Canon
            Package,                        21 CFR     Management
                                 Medical                                   LLZ     K203312 02/16/2021
           VSTP-001A                        892.2050   and Processing
                                  Systems, USA
            (Primary Predicate)                           System


2441 Michelle Drive, Tustin, CA 92780  PHONE: 800-421-1968
https://us.medical.canon


                                                                                                                   Page 1 of 6

Regulation  Regulation     Product  510(k)   Clearance
           Product             Marketed by
                                     Number   Name         Code    Number Date
             Aquilion ONE (TSX-
           306A/3) V10.4 with    Canon                 Computed
                                          21 CFR
             Spectral Imaging      Medical                Tomography    JAK     K203225 03/24/2021
                                             892.1750
           System               Systems, USA              X-ray system
            (Reference Predicate)


          10. REASON FOR SUBMISSION
              Modification of an existing medical device.


          11. DEVICE DESCRIPTION
               Vitrea Software Package, VSTP-001A, is an application package developed for use on Vitrea, a
             medical image processing software, marketed by Vital Images, Inc. Vitrea Software Package,
             VSTP-001A, currently includes eleven post processing applications, MR Wall Motion Tracking,
              Cerebral Aneurysm Analysis, MR Coronary Tracking, SUREVolume Synthesis, Angio Viewer, US
              Cardiac Fusion, Ultrasound Applications Package, Spectral Stone Analysis, Spectral
             Composition Analysis, Embolization Planning Tool and Spectral Analysis which use brain, body
              or cardiac image data, obtained from CT/XA/MR/US systems, to assist physicians in
             performing specialized measurements and analysis.


          12. INDICATIONS FOR USE
               Vitrea Software Package is an application package developed for use on Vitrea, a medical
               diagnostic system that allows the processing, review, analysis, communication and media
              interchange of multi-dimensional digital images acquired from a variety of imaging devices.
               Vitrea has the following additional indications:

            The Cerebral Aneurysm Analysis application is intended to facilitate the extraction and
             segmentation of user identified aneurysms on the cerebral arteries. The software can be
            used as an adjunct to diagnosis for the purposes of measurement of size and aspect ratio.

            The MR Wall Motion Tracking application is intended to assist physicians with performing
               cardiac functional analysis based upon magnetic resonance images. It provides
            measurements of global and regional myocardial function that is used for patients with
             suspected heart disease.

            The MR Coronary Tracking application is intended to assist physicians with performing
             coronary artery analysis for MR heart images which are intended for the qualitative and
               quantitative analysis of coronary arteries.

            The SUREVolume Synthesis application is intended to load volume images acquired by wholebody X-ray CT scanners, X-ray angiography systems, and MRI systems and displays fusion images.
            The Angio Viewer application displays image data acquired using an X-ray angiography


2441 Michelle Drive, Tustin, CA 92780  PHONE: 800-421-1968
https://us.medical.canon


                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 6

system. It supports cine display, subtraction, and distance measurement.

            The US Cardiac Fusion application enables fusion display of the analysis results obtained
              using the US 3D Wall Motion Tracking application and the CT Coronary Artery Analysis
               application.

            The Ultrasound Clinical Applications are indicated for the visualization of structures, and
            dynamic processes with the human body using saved ultrasound DICOM images to provide
            image information for diagnosis.

            The Spectral Stone Analysis application is intended to serve as an adjunct visualization tool
               for the differentiation between uric acid and non-uric acid stones greater than 3 mm with
               Spectral CT studies acquired on the Canon Medical Systems scanner.

            The Spectral Composition Analysis application is intended to assist a physician in visualizing
             the presence of monosodium urate in anatomical structures. The clinical syndrome of gout is
              characterized by the presence of monosodium urate crystals in joints or soft tissue.

            The Embolization Plan application is a post processing software that is intended to assist
              physicians in the visualization of the liver arterial tree using 3D images of CT or 3D images of
            Cone Beam CT acquired by Toshiba or Canon Medical Systems. It provides tools to assist the
              user in analysis of these images. The output is intended to be an adjunct means that allows
             automatic and manual planning of the liver arterial vessels for guidance of the embolization
             procedure. The output is a 3D visualization of the hepatic arteries to high dense lesion in the
                   liver.

            The Spectral Analysis application is a CT, non-invasive image analysis software package, which
           may be used to aid in the visualization of anatomical and pathological materials. The software
              provides quantification of Hounsfield units of iodine attenuation differences and iodine
              concentration and display by color.

                Effective Z and Electron Density maps may aid in the differentiation and characterization of
               different tissues in the human body.


          13. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALANCE
            The Vitrea Software Package, VSTP-001A, is substantially equivalent to and has the same
             intended use as the primary predicate device, which received premarket clearance under
             K203312, and is marketed by Canon Medical Systems USA. The changes being made to the
               existing device include modfiications of the Spectral Analysis feature. The modifications
            were evaluated by risk analysis and a regression review, and it was determined that they
            were implemented with all risks reduced to an acceptable level.


2441 Michelle Drive, Tustin, CA 92780  PHONE: 800-421-1968
https://us.medical.canon


                                                                                                                   Page 3 of 6

Item               Vitrea Software Package,        Vitrea Software Package,      Comment
                       VSTP-001A (8.10)             VSTP-001A (V8.8)
       510(k) Number    Subject Device               K203312
       Anatomical       Whole body                Whole body               No change
       region
      Type of Input      Acquired by spectral scan       Acquired by spectral scan
       Data              (TSX-306A/3, V10.11 or earlier   (TSX-306A/3, V10.3 or earlier
                      and V10.12 and later)          and V10.4 and later)
                            Spectral Analysis                 Spectral Analysis            *New
                                  • Basis material images and       • Basis material images and
                         monochromatic image         monochromatic image
                    o Dual Energy scan (AiCE
                               Brain reconstruction*
                    o Segmentation Data derived
                          from*
                               Vitrea CT Myocardial
                                  Perfusion
                               Vitrea Coronary Artery
                                    Analysis

      Type of Output     Spectral Analysis                 Spectral Analysis            No change
       Data                   • Analysis result display            • Analysis result display
                                  • Secondary capture (RGB         • Secondary capture (RGB
                          image)                        image)
                                  • Batch MPR and DICOM           • Batch MPR and DICOM
                        volume save                 volume save

      Image Processing   Spectral Analysis                 Spectral Analysis            No change
                                  • Generation of                      • Generation of
                         monochromatic images        monochromatic images
                             (ranging from 35keV –           (ranging from 35keV –
                          200keV)                      200keV)
                    o  Smoothing filter         o  Smoothing filter
                                  • Generation of Iodine map       • Generation of Iodine map
                                  • VNC image                         • VNC image
                                  • Generation of Electron           • Generation of Electron
                            Density Image                  Density Image
                                  • Generation of Effective Z         • Generation of Effective Z
                        Image                       Image
                                  • Generation of Basis material    • Generation of Basis material
                         image (bone/water)           image (bone/water)


2441 Michelle Drive, Tustin, CA 92780  PHONE: 800-421-1968
https://us.medical.canon


                                                                                                                   Page 4 of 6

Item               Vitrea Software Package,        Vitrea Software Package,      Comment
                       VSTP-001A (8.10)             VSTP-001A (V8.8)
       510(k) Number    Subject Device               K203312
       Analysis            Spectral Analysis                 Spectral Analysis            No change
                                  • Monochromatic image           • Monochromatic image
                    o   Basis material dual       o   Basis material dual
                              energy analysis                energy analysis
                                  • Iodine map                         • Iodine map
                    o  Three material          o  Three material
                              decomposition                decomposition
                                  • Electron density                   • Electron density
                    o   Basis material dual       o   Basis material dual
                              energy analysis                energy analysis
                                  • Effective Z                          • Effective Z
                    o   Basis material dual       o   Basis material dual
                              energy analysis                energy analysis
                                  • Basis material image              • Basis material image
                           (bone/water)                  (bone/water)
                              Basis material dual energy        Basis material dual energy
                               analysis                           analysis

       Display               • MPR, Fusion image, MIP         MPR, Fusion image, MIP     * New
                           image, MinIP image,              image, MinIP image,
                             Displaying three MPR planes,       Displaying three MPR
                                                             planes

                                  • New:
                    o  3D*
                    o  Chamber View*
                    o  Polar map*
                    o  Curved Planar
                               Reconstruction (CPR)*
                    o  Stretched Planar
                               Reconstruction (SPR)*
                    o  Crosscut*
                    o  Fusion to CPR/SPR* and
                               Crosscut*


          14.  SAFETY
             The device is designed and manufactured under the Quality System Regulations as outlined
                 in 21 CFR § 820 and ISO 13485 Standards. This device is in conformance with the applicable
               parts of the IEC62304 and IEC60601-1-6.


2441 Michelle Drive, Tustin, CA 92780  PHONE: 800-421-1968
https://us.medical.canon


                                                                                                                   Page 5 of 6

15.  TESTING
                Risk analysis and verification/validation activities conducted through bench testing which is
               included in this submission demonstrate that the established specifications for the device
             have been met. Additional performance testing, using phantom studies, were conducted to
               assess the improvements to existing features. Results of all these studies demonstrate that
              the features included in this submission meet specifications and perform as intended.
              Software Documentation for a Moderate Level of Concern, per the FDA guidance document,
              “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical
               Devices Document” issued on May 11, 2005, is also referenced as for this submission.


          16.  CYBERSECURITY
              The VSTP-001A is a portfolio of software applications developed by Canon that are
                integrated into the Vital Images Vitrea workstations. As such this software has no
               connections to the internet, wired or wireless networks, etc. All import and export of data
                      is within the domain of the Vital product. Based upon this information it should be noted
                that CyberSecurity requirements do not apply to this device.


          17. CONCLUSION
             The software applications modified in the Vitrea Software Package, VSTP-001A perform in a
            manner similar to and are intended for the same use as the predicate device. Based upon
                  this information, conformance to standards, successful completion of software validation,
                application of risk management and design controls and the performance data presented in
                  this submission it is concluded that the subject device is substantially equivalent in safety
             and effectiveness to the predicate device.


2441 Michelle Drive, Tustin, CA 92780  PHONE: 800-421-1968
https://us.medical.canon


                                                                                                                   Page 6 of 6