iSchemaView Inc.                                                 March 15, 2022
James Rosa
SVP Regulatory and Quality
433 Park Point Drive, Suite 220
Golden, Colorado 80401


Re: K213165
    Trade/Device Name: Rapid
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ

Dear James Rosa:

The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is sending this letter to notify you of an administrative change
related to your previous substantial equivalence (SE) determination letter dated 02/08/2022. Specifically,
FDA is updating this SE Letter to change the                   iSchema View Inc.    iSchemaView
Inc.

Please note that the 510(k) submission was not re-reviewed. For questions regarding this letter please contact
CAPT Patrick Hintz, MSIH, CIH, USPHS, OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health,
301-796-6927, Patrick.Hintz@fda.hhs.gov.

                                                 Sincerely,


                               CAPT Patrick Hintz, MSIH, CIH, USPHS
                                            Chief
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

iSchema View Inc.
℅ James Rosa
SVP Regulatory and Quality
433 Park Point Drive, Suite 220
GOLDEN CO 80401
                                                                        February 8, 2022Re: K213165
    Trade/Device Name: Rapid
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: January 4, 2022
    Received: January 5, 2022

Dear James Rosa:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K213165 - James Rosa                                                                 Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                                                            SIGN


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                              Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)

 K213165
Device Name
Rapid


Indications for Use (Describe)

Rapid is an image processing software package to be used by trained professionals, including but not limited to physicians and medical technicians.
The software runs on a standard off-the-shelf computer or a virtual platform, such as VMware, and can be used to perform image viewing, processing
and analysis of images. Data and images are acquired through DICOM compliant imaging devices.

Rapid provides both viewing and analysis capabilities for functional and dynamic imaging datasets acquired with CT, CT Perfusion (CTP), CT
Angiography (CTA), and MRI including a Diffusion Weighted MRI (DWI) Module and a Dynamic Analysis Module (dynamic contrast-enhanced
imaging data for MRI and CT).

The CT analysis includes NCCT maps showing areas of hypodense and hyperdense tissue.

The DWI Module is used to visualize local water diffusion properties from the analysis of diffusion - weighted MRI data.

The Dynamic Analysis Module is used for visualization and analysis of dynamic imaging data, showing properties of changes in contrast over time.
This functionality includes calculation of parameters related to tissue flow (perfusion) and tissue blood volume.

Rapid CT-Perfusion and Rapid MR-Perfusion can be used by physicians to aid in the selection of acute stroke patients (with known occlusion of the
intracranial internal carotid artery or proximal middle cerebral artery)
Instructions for the use of contrast agents for this indication can be found in Appendix A of the User’s Manual. Additional information for safe and
effective drug use is available in the product-specific iodinated CT and gadolinium-based MR contrast drug labeling.

In addition to the Rapid imaging criteria, patients must meet the clinical requirements for thrombectomy, as assessed by the physician, and have none
of the following contraindications or exclusions:
•        Bolus Quality: absent or inadequate bolus.
•         Patient Motion: excessive motion leading to artifacts that make the scan technically inadequate
•        Presence of hemorrhage


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                             Page 1 of 1                                                     PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid
510(k) Summary
                                   510(k) Summary
                           iSchemaView, Inc.’s Rapid
This document contains the 510(k) summary for the iSchemaView Rapid. The content of this
summary is based on the requirements of 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).
Applicant Name and Address:
      Name:                   iSchemaView, Inc.
       Address:                1120 Washington St., Suite 200
                                  Golden, CO 80401

         Official Contact:          Jim Rosa
                                 Phone: (303) 704-3374
                                   Email: rosa@ischemaview.com

Summary Preparation Date:      `September 24, 2021
Device Name and Classification:
       Trade Name:       iSchemaView Rapid
     Common Name:    PACS – Picture Archiving Communications
                          System
        Classification:         II
       Product Code:       Primary: QIH, Secondary: LLZ
       Regulation No:      21 C.F.R. §892.2050
        Classification        Radiology Devices
        Panel:
Predicate Devices:
The iSchemaView Rapid is claimed to be substantially equivalent to the following legally
marketed predicate devices:

       Primary: qER-Quant (K211222)
       Secondary: iSchemaView Rapid (K182130)

Previous Related FDA Submission:
      iSchemaView Rapid (K121447)
      iSchemaView Rapid (K172477)
      iSchemaView Rapid (K182130)

Device Description:
Rapid is a software package that provides for the visualization and study of changes in tissue
using digital images captured by diagnostic imaging systems including CT (Computed


                                 Page 5-1 of 5-11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid
510(k) Summary
Tomography) and MRI (Magnetic Image Resonance), as an aid to physician diagnosis.
Rapid can be installed on a customer’s Server or it can be accessed online as a virtual system.
It provides viewing, quantification, analysis and reporting capabilities.
   Rapid works with the following types of (DICOM compliant) medical image data:
       •  CT (Computed Tomography)
       •  MRI (Magnetic Image Resonance)

   Rapid acquires (DICOM compliant) medical image data from the following sources:
       • DICOM file
       •  DICOM CD-R
       •  Network using DICOM protocol

   Rapid provides tools for performing the following types of analysis:
       •   selection of acute stroke patients for endovascular thrombectomy
       •  volumetry of thresholded maps
       •  time intensity plots for dynamic time courses
       •  measurement of mismatch between labeled volumes on co-registered image
         volumes
       •   large vessel density

Rapid is a Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) consisting of one or more Rapid Servers
(dedicated or virtual). The Rapid Server is an image processing engine that connects to a
hospital LAN, or inside the Hospital Firewall.  It can be a dedicated Rapid Server or a VM
Rapid appliance, which is a virtualized Rapid Server that runs on a dedicated server.
Rapid is designed to streamline medical image processing tasks that are time consuming and
fatiguing in routine patient workup. Once Rapid is installed it operates with minimal user
interaction. Once the CT (NCCT, CT, CTA) or MR (MR, MRA) data are acquired, the CT or
MRI console operator selects Rapid as the target for the DICOM images, and then the operator
selects which study/series data to be sent to Rapid. Based on the type of incoming DICOM data,
Rapid will identify the data set scanning modality and determine the suitable processing module.
The Rapid platform is a central control unit which coordinates the execution image
processing modules which support various analysis methods used in clinical practice today:
   •  Rapid CTP/MRP, DWI, Dynamic Analysis (Original: K121447, Updated with K172477;
      and K182130);
   •  Rapid CTA (K172477);
   •  Rapid ASPECTS(K190395);
   •  Rapid ICH (K193087);
   •  Rapid LVO (K200941);
The iSchemaView Server is a dedicated server that provides a central repository for Rapid
data.  All iSchemaView Server data is stored on encrypted hard disks.  It also provides a
user interface for accessing Rapid data. It connects to a firewalled Data Center Network and

                                 Page 5-2 of 5-11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid
510(k) Summary
has its own firewall for additional cyber/data security. The iSchemaView Server connects to
one or more Rapid Servers via WAN. Available types of connection include VPN (Virtual
Private Network - RFC2401 and RFC4301 Standards) Tunnel and SSH (Secure Shell).
Indications for Use:
   Rapid is an image processing software package to be used by trained professionals,
   including but not limited to physicians and medical technicians. The software runs on
   a standard off-the-shelf computer or a virtual platform, such as VMware, and can be
   used to perform image viewing, processing and analysis of images. Data and images
    are acquired through DICOM compliant imaging devices.
   Rapid provides both viewing and analysis capabilities for functional and dynamic
   imaging datasets acquired with CT Perfusion (CTP), CT Angiography (CTA), and
  MRI including a Diffusion Weighted MRI (DWI) Module and a Dynamic Analysis
   Module (dynamic contrast-enhanced imaging data for MRI and CT).
   The CT analysis includes NCCT maps showing areas of hypodense and hyperdense
    tissue.
   The DWI Module is used to visualize local water diffusion properties from the
    analysis of diffusion - weighted MRI data.
   The Dynamic Analysis Module is used for visualization and analysis of dynamic
   imaging data, showing properties of changes in contrast over time. This functionality
   includes calculation of parameters related to tissue flow (perfusion) and tissue blood
   volume.
   Rapid CT-Perfusion and Rapid MR-Perfusion can be used by physicians to aid in the
    selection of acute stroke patients (with known occlusion of the intracranial internal carotid
    artery or proximal middle cerebral artery)
    Instructions for the use of contrast agents for this indication can be found in Appendix A of
    the User’s Manual. Additional information for safe and effective drug use is available in
    the product-specific iodinated CT and gadolinium-based MR contrast drug labeling.
    In addition to the Rapid imaging criteria, patients must meet the clinical requirements for
   thrombectomy, as assessed by the physician, and have none of the following
    contraindications or exclusions:
   •  Bolus Quality: absent or inadequate bolus.
   •   Patient Motion: excessive motion leading to artifacts that make the scan technically
       inadequate
   •  Presence of hemorrhage


                                 Page 5-3 of 5-11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid
510(k) Summary
Technological Characteristics:
Rapid performs the following functions:
   •  processes DICOM images from multiple sources to provide visualization of changes
       of tissue perfusion, diffusion and change.
   •  receives DICOM images from external DICOM image providers (modalities (CT/MRI
       Scanners), PACS and Workstations) and sends DICOM images to external image
      consumers.
   •  processes requests, statuses and results, and references therein, which are stored in a
       searchable database
   •  processing status is available through a web browser using HTTP, HTML and PHP.
   •   for NCCT images, a motion filter (AI/ML) is employed which provides a textual
       overlay on an image suspected of having motion artifacts, without distorting the
       original image
   •  can send summary results to the user over email. For this, Rapid generally connects to
       the infrastructure of the medical partner (e.g., the hospital). In particular, Rapid uses
      a SMTP protocol with security extensions to provide secure communications.
Rapid is available in the following configurations:
   •  Standard Rapid, which is installed directly on a customer's Linux-based server and
       integrated with medical image processing software such as commercial PACS.
   •  Virtual Rapid, wherein the user accesses Rapid online and uses it to process DICOM
      images otherwise available on his/her computer.
Rapid is a DICOM-compliant PACS software that provides comprehensive functionality to
transfer, process, and display modality specific imaging data. Rapid runs on standard "offthe- shelf' computer and networking hardware. Rapid is entirely independent from CT,
MRI, or independent PACS platforms. It supports secure VPN (Virtual Private Network)
networking or encapsulated Secure Shell (SSH), and seamlessly integrates into an existing
radiological data network.
NCCT Motion Artifact AI/ML Module Performance:
Training was performed on 23066 (Pos:1021, Neg:12877) axial image slices from multiple
sites, training validation included 5906 (pos: 422,neg: 5484) with a test set of 3262
(pos:2914, neg:348) images. Slice thickness ranged from 1.2-6.0 mm; The optimal
performance for the final engineering solution showing an optimal AUC = 0.95,
Sensitivity=0.95, Specificity=0.96. Samples were obtained from Siemens, GE, Toshiba,
Philips, and Neurologica.
For final independent validation, an N=619 was used with ground truth established by 3
experienced truthers. Testing was performed independent of the development group to avoid
bias. The primary endpoint was passed (weak artifact = 0) with Sensitivity =
0.91(0.83,0.95) and Specificity = 0.86(0.83,0/89) with AUC = 0.96(0.94,0.97). The cases
were split Male:55%, Female 45% with an age range or 32-88 years. The samples were
primarily from Siemens with GE mixed.

                                 Page 5-4 of 5-11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid
510(k) Summary
Clinical Characteristics:
The primary users of Rapid software are medical imaging professionals who analyze tissue
using CT or MRI images. The images generated by Rapid provide additional diagnostic
information, which is derived from the temporal/diffusion/density features of the native CT or
MRI images.
Rapid CT Perfusion and Rapid MRI can be used by physicians to select acute stroke patients
for endovascular thrombectomy. The recommended selection criteria are listed in the table
below. Patients must meet the clinical requirements for thrombectomy as assessed by the
physician.

Performance Standards:
Rapid has been developed in conformance with the following standards, as applicable:
   EN ISO 14971:2019    Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices
    IEC 62304:2016       Medical device software – Software lifecycle processes
    IEC 62366:2015        Application of Usability Engineering to Medical Devices
   NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20    Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)
Performance Data:
Rapid complies with DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine) - Developed
by the American College of Radiology and the National Electrical Manufacturers Association.
NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20.
Additionally, iSchemaView conducted extensive performance validation testing and software
verification and validation testing of the Rapid system. This performance validation testing
demonstrated that the Rapid system provides accurate representation of key processing
parameters under a range of clinically relevant parameters and perturbations associated with the
intended use of the software. Software performance, validation and verification testing
demonstrated that the Rapid system met all design requirements and specifications.
Prescriptive Statement:
Caution: Federal law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.

Safety & Effectiveness:
Rapid has been designed, verified and validated in compliance with 21 CFR, Part 820.30
requirements. The device has been designed to meet the requirements associated with EN ISO
14971:2019 (risk management). The Rapid System performance has been validated through the
use of phantoms and case data.

Substantial Equivalence:
Rapid is as safe and effective as the previously cleared Rapid (K182130) with an extension of
two parameters similar to the hyperdensity defined in qER-Quant (K211222). Rapid has the
same intended use and similar indications, technological characteristics and principles of
operation as its predicate devices. Rapid raises no new issues of safety or effectiveness
compared to qER-Quant (K211222) or Rapid (K182130), as demonstrated by the testing


                                 Page 5-5 of 5-11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid
510(k) Summary
conducted with Rapid that confirms the software reliably processes and supports analysis of
CT and MRI medical images for tissue evaluation. Thus, the Rapid software is substantially
equivalent. The claims have been expanded to include the use of Rapid to show areas of
hypodensity and hyperdensity and NCCT Motion Suspicion (AI/ML).


                                 Page 5-6 of 5-11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid
510(k) Summary
Substantial Equivalence Discussion:
   Parameter              Rapid (K182130) – Secondary          qER-Quant (K211222) - Primary        Rapid
   Product Code          LLZ                             QIH                                  QIH, LLZ
   Regulation              21 CFR §892.2050                   21 CFR §892.2050                   21 CFR §892.2050
   Intended Use/ Indications  iSchemaView's Rapid is an image       The qER-Quant device is intended       Rapid is an image processing software
   for                             processing software package to be used   for automatic labeling, visualization      package to be used by trained
  Use                         by trained professionals, including but    and quantification of segmentable         professionals, including but not limited
                             not limited to physicians and medical      brain structures from a set of Non-         to physicians and medical technicians.
                               technicians. The software runs on a       Contrast head CT (NCCT) images.      The software runs on a standard off-thestandard off-the-shelf computer or a     The software is intended to automate      shelf computer or a virtual platform,
                                 virtual platform, such as VMware, and    the current manual process of            such as VMware, and can be used to
                           can be used to perform image viewing,    identifying, labeling and quantifying     perform image viewing, processing and
                             processing and analysis of images.        the volume of segmentable brain          analysis of images. Data and images are
                          Data and images are acquired through     structures identified on NCCT            acquired through DICOM compliant
                   DICOM compliant imaging devices.       images.                              imaging devices.
                        The iSchemaView Rapid provides both   qER-Quant provides volumes from      Rapid provides both viewing and
                           viewing and analysis capabilities for    NCCT images acquired at a single        analysis capabilities for functional and
                               functional and dynamic imaging datasets  time point and provides a table with      dynamic imaging datasets acquired with
                             acquired with CT Perfusion, CT          comparative analysis for two or more    CT, CT Perfusion (CTP), CT
                           Angiography, and MRI including a      images that were acquired on the        Angiography (CTA), and MRI including
                             Diffusion Weighted MRI (DWI) Module same scanner with the same image        a Diffusion Weighted MRI (DWI)
                          and a Dynamic Analysis Module          acquisition protocol for the same        Module and a Dynamic Analysis Module
                          (dynamic contrast-enhanced imaging      individual at multiple time points.        (dynamic contrast-enhanced imaging
                              data for MRI and CT).                                                             data for MRI and CT).                                                         The qER-Quant software is indicated
                        The DWI Module is used to visualize      for use in the analysis of the           The CT analysis includes NCCT maps
                                local water diffusion properties from      following structures: Intracranial        showing areas of hypodense and
                               the analysis of diffusion - weighted       Hyperdensities, Lateral Ventricles        hyperdense tissue.
                    MRI data.                           and Midline Shift.                                                                                           The DWI Module is used to visualize
                         The Dynamic Analysis Module is used                                                  local water diffusion properties from the
                                 for visualization and analysis of dynamic                                              analysis of diffusion - weighted MRI
                            imaging data, showing properties of                                                      data.
                            changes in contrast over time. This                                                                                           The Dynamic Analysis Module is used
                                 functionality includes calculation of                                                                                                                         for visualization and analysis of dynamic
                              parameters related to tissue flow                                                                                                    imaging data, showing properties of
                                (perfusion) and tissue blood volume.                                                                                                      changes in contrast over time. This
                           Rapid CT-Perfusion and Rapid MR-                                                    functionality includes calculation of

                                                 Page 5-7 of 5-11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid
510(k) Summary
                              Perfusion can be used by physicians to                                             parameters related to tissue flow
                                aid in the selection of acute stroke                                                     (perfusion) and tissue blood volume.
                                 patients (with known occlusion of the                                                                                                      Rapid CT-Perfusion and Rapid MRintracranial internal carotid artery or                                                                                                                   Perfusion can be used by physicians to aid in
                             proximal middle cerebral artery)                                                                                                                       the selection of acute stroke patients (with
                                 Instructions for the use of contrast agents                                    known occlusion of the intracranial internal
                                 for this indication can be found in                                                        carotid artery or proximal middle cerebral
                          Appendix A of the User’s Manual.                                                          artery)
                              Additional information for safe and                                                                                                                            Instructions for the use of contrast agents for
                                 effective drug use is available in the                                                                                                                                       this indication can be found in Appendix A
                                product-specific iodinated CT and                                                                                                                     of the User’s Manual. Additional
                             gadolinium-based MR contrast drug                                                                                                                  information for safe and effective drug use is
                                  labeling.                                                                                                                          available in the product-specific iodinated
                               In addition to the Rapid imaging criteria,                               CT and gadolinium-based MR contrast drug
                                 patients must meet the clinical                                                              labeling.
                              requirements for thrombectomy, as                                                                                                                      In addition to the Rapid imaging criteria,
                               assessed by the physician, and have none                                                                                                                             patients must meet the clinical requirements
                               of the following contraindications or                                                                                                                             for thrombectomy, as assessed by the
                                exclusions.                                                                                                                        physician, and have none of the following
                               Contraindications/Exclusions:                                                           contraindications or exclusions.
                              •   Bolus Quality: absent or                                                        Contraindications/Exclusions:
                                     inadequate bolus.                                                                                                             •   Bolus Quality: absent or inadequate
                              •    Patient Motion: excessive motion                                                        bolus.
                                      leading to artifacts that make the                                                                                                             •    Patient Motion: excessive motion
                                    scan technically inadequate                                                                                                                           leading to artifacts that make the
                              •   Presence of Hemorrhage                                                           scan technically inadequate
                                                                                                             •   Presence of hemorrhage
                     PACS Functionality
   Basic PACS Functions     Software package which interfaces to a   Viewing through user PACS          Same
                    PACS or allows viewing within the
                               application
  Computer Platform         Standard off-the-shelf Hardware: On-      Standard off-the-shelf Hardware: On-     Standard off-the-shelf Hardware: OnPremise                               Premise and Secure Cloud              Premise
  Software                    Traditional Coding                 AI/ML                            Mixed Traditional and AI/ML(NCCT
                                                                                                Motion Filter)
  DICOM Compliance    Yes                             Yes                             Yes

                                                 Page 5-8 of 5-11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid
510(k) Summary
   Functional Overview     Rapid is a software package that      Same                          Same
                           provides for the visualization and
                           study of changes of tissue in digital
                         images captured by CT and MRI.
                         Rapid provides viewing and
                              quantification.
  Data/Image Types      Computed Tomography (CT) via      Same                           Same
                  DICOM Format
                         Magnetic Image Resonance (MRI) via  Not supported                         Supported
                  DICOM Format
                            Acquisition and Modalities Features
  MRI                     Diffusion Weighted Image (DWI)      Not supported                         Supported
                       Dynamic Analysis tissue flow          Not supported                        Supported
                                (perfusion) and tissue blood volume
  CT               CT Perfusion (CTP)                  Not supported                         Supported
                         CTA-large vessel density analysis      Not Supported                         Supported
                       Computed Parameter Maps
                              Isotropic DWI (isoDWI)              Not supported                         Supported   Diffusion MRI                 ADC                              Not supported                         Supported
                          Trace of diffusion tensor (Trace)       Not supported                         Supported
                             Fractional Anisotropy (FA) and color   Not supported                         Supported
                  FA
   Perfusion MRI and       Cerebral blood flow (CBF)            Not supported                         Supported
   Perfusion CT            Cerebral blood volume (CBV)         Not supported                         Supported
                      Mean transit time (MTT)              Not supported                         Supported
                           Tissue residue function time to peak    Not supported                         Supported
                        (Tmax)
                       Measurement Tools
  MRI and CT Tools        Arterial input function (AIF)Venous    Not supported                         Supported
                            output function
                      (VOF)
                          Time-course                        Not supported                         Supported
                     Mask                              Not supported                         Supported
                         Region of interest (ROI) and          Not supported                         Supported
                         Volumetry
                          Volumetric comparison between 2     Not supported                         Supported
                      ROIs
                        Motion correction                   Not supported                         Supported
                          Export perfusion and diffusion files to  Not supported                         Supported
                   PACS and DICOM file systems

                                                 Page 5-9 of 5-11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid
510(k) Summary
                           Acquire, transmit, process, and store    Not supported                         Supported
                          medical images
 Thrombectomy             Selection of Patients meeting criteria    Supported                             Supported
                              for Thrombectomy
 NCCT                    Hyperdensity (Not included)           Supported                             Supported

                         Hypodensity (Not included)           Not supported                         Supported

                        Motion Artifact Filter (Not included)   Not supported                         Supported


                                                Page 5-10 of 5-11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid
510(k) Summary
Conclusion:
In conclusion, the iSchemaView Rapid is substantially equivalent in intended use, technological
characteristics, safety, and performance characteristics to the legally marketed predicate devices,
qER-Quant (K211222) and Rapid (K182130).


                                 Page 5-11 of 5-11