GE Healthcare (GE Medical Systems, LLC)                                   January 20, 2022
℅ Sandra Westphal
Regulatory Affairs Leader
3200 N Grandview Blvd.
WAUKESHA WI 53188

Re: K213668
    Trade/Device Name: SIGNA Hero
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic resonance diagnostic device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH, LNI
    Dated: November 19, 2021
    Received: November 22, 2021

Dear Sandra Westphal:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K213668 - Sandra Westphal                                                            Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K213668
Device Name
SIGNA Hero


Indications for Use (Describe)
The SIGNA Hero is a whole body magnetic resonance scanner designed to support high resolution, high signal-to-noise
ratio, and short scan times. It is indicated for use as a diagnostic imaging device to produce axial, sagittal, coronal, and
oblique images, spectroscopic images, parametric maps, and/or spectra, dynamic images of the structures and/or functions
of the entire body, including, but not limited to, head, neck, TMJ, spine, breast, heart, abdomen, pelvis, joints, prostate,
blood vessels, and musculoskeletal regions of the body.
Depending on the region of interest being imaged, contrast agents may be used. The images produced by the SIGNA
Hero reflect the spatial distribution or molecular environment of nuclei exhibiting magnetic resonance.
These images and/or spectra when interpreted by a trained physician yield information that may assist in diagnosis.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                             Page 1 of 1                                                     PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

                                                                                                             Page 4-2

K213668 SIGNA Hero
510(k) Premarket Notification
Section 5
510(K) Summary
Page 5-1

SIGNA Hero
                                                      510(k) Premarket Notification

                             510(k) Summary
In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:

 Date:          Nov 19, 2021
 Submitter:     GE Medical Systems, LLC
                3200 N Grandview Blvd.
                Waukesha, WI USA 53188
 Primary Contact  Sandra Westphal
 Person:           Regulatory Affairs Leader
            GE Healthcare
                 Phone: 262-720-8872
                    E-mail: Sandra.westphal@ge.com
 Secondary       Glen Sabin
 Contact Person:   Director, Regulatory Affairs
            GE Healthcare
                 Phone: 262-521-6848
                    E-mail: glen.sabin@ge.com
 Device    Trade
             SIGNA™ Hero
 Name:
 Common/Usual
                  Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
 Name:
 Classification     Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device per 21 CFR
 Names:          892.1000

 Product Code:    LNH, LNI

 Predicate
             SIGNA™ Pioneer (K160621)
 Device(s):
 Device        SIGNA™ Hero is a whole body magnetic resonance scanner
 Description:      designed to support high resolution, high signal to-noise ratio, and
                    short scan times. The systems use a combination of time-varying
                magnet fields (Gradients) and RF transmissions to obtain
                    information regarding the density and position of elements
                     exhibiting magnetic resonance. The system can image in the


                                                                                      Page 5-2

SIGNA Hero
                                                     510(k) Premarket Notification

                      sagittal, coronal, axial, oblique, and oblique planes, using various
                  pulse sequences, imaging techniques and reconstruction
                   algorithms. The system features a 3.0T superconducting magnet
                   with 70cm bore size. The system is designed to conform to NEMA
             DICOM standards (Digital Imaging and Communications in
                   Medicine).
Indications    for  The SIGNA™ Hero is a whole body magnetic resonance scanner
Use             designed to support high resolution, high signal-to-noise ratio, and
                   short scan times. It is indicated for use as a diagnostic imaging
                  device to produce axial, sagittal, coronal, and oblique images,
                  spectroscopic images, parametric maps, and/or spectra, dynamic
                images of the structures and/or functions of the entire body,
                    including, but not limited to, head, neck, TMJ, spine, breast, heart,
               abdomen, pelvis, joints, prostate, blood vessels, and
                  musculoskeletal regions of the body.
                Depending on the region of interest being imaged, contrast agents
              may be used. The images produced by SIGNA™ Hero
                      reflect the spatial distribution or molecular environment of nuclei
                    exhibiting magnetic resonance.
               These images and/or spectra when interpreted by a trained
                  physician yield information that may assist in diagnosis.
Technology:     The SIGNA™ Hero employs the same fundamental scientific
                  technology as its predicate device.
            SIGNA™ Hero offers two magnet configurations, building on the
                 3.0T 3TLC magnet, and introducing the newly designed 3.0T
             ARES (Platform) magnet. SIGNA™ Hero builds on the existing
                  Gradient Driver design, RF transmit architecture design, RF
                   receive chain design and software platform. SIGNA™ Hero offers
               a detachable eXpress patient table, similar to detachable tables
                    available on other GEHC 3T MR systems.


                                                                                    Page 5-3

SIGNA Hero
                                                     510(k) Premarket Notification

Comparison of    The changes in technology do not impact the indications for use.
Indications       The indications for use have not changed, other than to reflect the
for Use        SIGNA™ Hero product name.
                   Therefore, the intended use is the same as the predicate device in
                 accordance with the FDA’s guidance document “The 510(k)
                 Program: Evaluating Substantial Equivalence in Premarket
                    Notifications [510(k)]”, dated 28 July 2014.
Comparison of     Overall, the SIGNA™ Hero employs the same fundamental
Technological      scientific technology as the predicate device.
Characteristics   System Design: There are one notable technological difference
                between the SIGNA™ Hero and the predicate device: the 3.0T
             ARES (Platform) magnet.
                Operating Principles: The SIGNA™ Hero functions using the
              same operating principles as the predicate device.
                  Materials: The SIGNA™ Hero and the predicate device both use
                 flame retardant materials.
                 Safety and Performance Testing: Both the SIGNA™ Hero and
                  the predicate device comply with the same safety and performance
                    testing (see Determination of Substantial Equivalence, below).
               These technological differences do not raise any different
                  questions regarding safety and effectiveness. Both devices must
                 address questions of whether they provide an adequate level of
                image quality appropriate for diagnostic use. The performance
                  data described in this submission include results of both bench
                    testing and clinical testing that show the image quality
                 performance of SIGNA™ Hero compared to the predicate device.
Determination of  Summary of Non-Clinical Tests:
Substantial      The SIGNA™ Hero and the predicate device were subject to
Equivalence:       similar risk management testing to demonstrate substantial
                  equivalence of safety and performance.
                  Testing to the following voluntary standards included:
                      •  ANSI/AAMI ES60601-1
                      •  IEC 60601-1-2


                                                                                    Page 5-4

SIGNA Hero
                                   510(k) Premarket Notification

    •  IEC 60601-2-33
    •  IEC 62304
    •  ISO 10993-1
    •  IEC 62464-1
In addition, the SIGNA™ Hero complies with applicable NEMA MS
3, NEMA MS 4, NEMA MS 8, and the NEMA PS3 standard for
DICOM, as does the predicate device.
Both the SIGNA™ Hero and the predicate device have a
successful biocompatibility track record, as demonstrated by ISO
10993-1 testing and by the patient contacting materials’ history of
use in previously cleared devices.
The following quality assurance measures were applied to the
development of the subject device, as they were for the predicate
device:
    •  Risk Analysis
    •  Requirements Reviews
    •  Design Reviews
    •   Testing on unit level (Module verification)
    •   Integration testing (System verification)
    •  Performance testing (Verification)
    •  Simulated use testing (Validation)
Summary of Clinical Tests:
The subject of this premarket submission, the SIGNA™ Hero, did
not require clinical studies to support substantial equivalence.
Sample clinical images have been included in this submission.
The sample clinical images demonstrate acceptable diagnostic
image performance of the SIGNA™ Hero in accordance with the
FDA Guidance “Submission of Premarket Notifications for
Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Devices” issued on November 18,
2016. The image quality of the SIGNA™ Hero is substantially
equivalent to that of the predicate device.


                                                                Page 5-5

SIGNA Hero
                                                     510(k) Premarket Notification

                   Substantial Equivalence Conclusion:
               The indications for use of the proposed device are comparable to
                  the claimed predicate device. The SIGNA™ Hero employs
                   equivalent technology to the claimed predicate device.
                     Additionally, the results from the above non-clinical tests
                 demonstrate that the device performs as intended. Therefore, the
            SIGNA™ Hero is substantially equivalent to the predicate device to
                 which it has been compared.
Conclusion:        In conclusion, GE Healthcare considers the SIGNA™
                Hero to be as safe, as effective, with performance that
                        is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                                                    Page 5-6