June 3, 2022

Apple Inc.
Luke Olson
Regulatory Affairs
1 Apple Park Way
Cupertino, California 95014


Re: K213971
    Trade/Device Name:  Atrial Fibrillation History Feature
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2790
    Regulation Name: Photoplethysmograph analysis software for over-the-counter use
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QDB
    Dated: May 2, 2022
    Received: May 3, 2022

Dear Luke Olson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K213971 - Luke Olson                                                               Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                            Jennifer W. Shih -S

                                                Jennifer Shih Kozen
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                Diagnostics and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                            See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K213971

Device Name
Atrial Fibrillation History Feature


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Atrial Fibrillation (AFib) History Feature is an over-the-counter ("OTC") software-only mobile medical application
intended for users 22 years of age and over who have a diagnosis of atrial fibrillation (AFib). The feature opportunistically
analyzes pulse rate data to identify episodes of irregular heart rhythms suggestive of AFib and provides the user with a
retrospective estimate of AFib burden (a measure of the amount of time spent in AFib during past Apple Watch wear).

The feature also tracks and trends estimated AFib burden over time, and includes lifestyle data visualizations to enable
users to understand the impact of certain aspects of their lifestyle on their AFib. It is not intended to provide individual
irregular rhythm notifications or to replace traditional methods of diagnosis, treatment, or monitoring of AFib.

The feature is intended for use with the Apple Watch and the Health app on iPhone.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
            F   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)      X  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                         CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                         Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

FORM FDA 3881 (6120)                             Page 1 of 1                                                      PSC PublisAing Servics (301) 443-6740   EF

 Apple Inc.                                                      AFib History Feature (K213971)


                                   510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the
requirements of 21 CFR §807.92:

5.1 Submitter

                     Apple Inc.
 Applicant          One Apple Park Way
                        Cupertino, CA 95014

                     Luke Olson
 Primary               Regulatory Affairs
 Correspondent       Phone: (408) 609-2001
                         Email: luke_olson@apple.com

                   Dachan Kwon
 Secondary            Regulatory Affairs
 Correspondent       Phone: (669) 268-5659
                         Email: dachan_kwon@apple.com

 Date Prepared      May 28, 2022


5.2 Device Names and Classifications

Subject Device:
 Name of Device         Atrial Fibrillation History Feature

                     Photoplethysmograph Analysis Software For Over-The-Counter Use,
 Classification Name                     21 CFR 870.2790

 Regulatory Class      Class II

 Product Code      QDB

 510(k) Review
                       Cardiovascular Pannel

Predicate Device:
 Predicate
                      Apple Inc. Manufacturer

 Predicate Trade
                           Irregular Rhythm Notification Feature Name

 Predicate 510(k)     K212516


                       One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014                Page 1 of 10

 Apple Inc.                                                      AFib History Feature (K213971)


5.3 Device Description

The Atrial Fibrillation History Feature (AFib History Feature) is comprised of a pair of
mobile medical apps - one on Apple Watch and the other on the iPhone.

The AFib History Feature is intended to analyze pulse rate data collected by the Apple
Watch PPG sensor on Apple Watch Series 4, Series 5, and SE to identify episodes of
irregular heart rhythms consistent with AFib and provides the user with a retrospective
estimate of AFib burden (a measure of the amount of time spent in AFib during past Apple
Watch wear).

The AFib History Feature uses PPG pulse rhythm data from compatible Apple Watches.
Apple Watch uses green LED lights paired with light-sensitive photodiodes to detect
relative changes in the amount of blood flowing through a user’s wrist at any given
moment. When the heart beats it sends a pressure wave down the vasculature, causing a
momentary increase in blood volume when it passes by the sensor. By monitoring these
changes in blood flow, the sensor detects individual pulses when they reach the
periphery and thereby measure beat-to-beat intervals.

The AFib History Feature iPhone App is part of the Health App, which allows users to
store, manage, and share health and fitness data, and comes pre-installed on every
iPhone.

The AFib History Feature provides users visualizations of AFib burden estimate data
alongside clinically relevant lifestyle data and presents estimates of AFib burden in three
different ways. These visualizations empower users to observe and understand the
impact of lifestyle on their AFib burden, and to better understand their condition generally.
• Weekly Estimate - an estimate of the amount of time a user was in Atrial Fibrillation over
  the past calendar week during watch wear, presented to the user as a percentage.
• Day of Week Estimate - an estimate of the amount of time a user was in Atrial Fibrillation
 on each day of the week over the previous 42 days during watch wear, presented to the
  user as a percentage. That is, all Mondays over the past 42 days, all Tuesdays over the
  past 42 days.
• Time of Day Estimate - an estimate of the amount of time a user was in Atrial Fibrillation
 on 4-hour segments of the day over the previous 42 days during watch wear, presented
  to the user as a percentage. That is, all 12 am - 4 am segments over the past 42 days,
   all 4 am - 8 am segments over the past 42 days.
The AFib History Feature is intended to serve as an extension of the predicate Irregular
Rhythm Notification feature, but has been optimized for users with a diagnosis of Afib.


                       One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014                Page 2 of 10

 Apple Inc.                                                      AFib History Feature (K213971)


5.4 Indications for Use

The Atrial Fibrillation (AFib) History Feature is an over-the-counter (“OTC”) software-only
mobile medical application intended for users 22 years of age and over who have a
diagnosis of atrial fibrillation (AFib). The feature opportunistically analyzes pulse rate
data to identify episodes of irregular heart rhythms suggestive of AFib and provides the
user with a retrospective estimate of AFib burden (a measure of the amount of time
spent in AFib during past Apple Watch wear).

The feature also tracks and trends estimated AFib burden over time, and includes
lifestyle data visualizations to enable users to understand the impact of certain aspects
of their lifestyle on their AFib. It is not intended to provide individual irregular rhythm
notifications or to replace traditional methods of diagnosis, treatment, or monitoring of
AFib.

The feature is intended for use with the Apple Watch and the Health app on iPhone.


5.5 Comparison with the Predicate Device

                Table 1. AFib History Feature Comparison with the Predicate

                             Subject Device                         Predicate Device
      ItemItem
                          AFib History Feature                     IRNF 2.0 App

 Manufacturer    Apple Inc.                          Apple Inc.

 Submission
               K213971                         K212516 Reference

                Photoplethysmograph analysis        Photoplethysmograph analysis
                 software for over-the-counter use. A   software for over-the-counter use. A
                photoplethysmograph analysis        photoplethysmograph analysis
                 software device for over-the-counter   software device for over-the-counter
 Intended Use    use analyzes photoplethysmograph    use analyzes photoplethysmograph
                 data and provides information for      data and provides information for
                   identifying irregular heart rhythms.      identifying irregular heart rhythms.
                 This device is not intended to provide   This device is not intended to provide
               a diagnosis.                        a diagnosis.


                       One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014                Page 3 of 10

 Apple Inc.                                                      AFib History Feature (K213971)


                             Subject Device                         Predicate Device
      Item
                          AFib History Feature                     IRNF 2.0 App

 Indications for   The Atrial Fibrillation (AFib) History    The Irregular Rhythm Notification
 Use             Feature is an over-the-counter         Feature is a software-only mobile
                (“OTC”) software-only mobile medical  medical application that is intended to
                  application intended for users 22      be used with the Apple Watch. The
                 years of age and over who have a       feature analyzes pulse rate data to
                 diagnosis of atrial fibrillation (AFib).      identify episodes of irregular heart
              The feature opportunistically analyzes  rhythms suggestive of atrial fibrillation
                 pulse rate data to identify episodes of   (AFib) and provides a notification to
                    irregular heart rhythms suggestive of   the user. The feature is intended for
                AFib and provides the user with a      over-the-counter (OTC) use. It is not
                  retrospective estimate of AFib burden  intended to provide a notification on
                   (a measure of the amount of time      every episode of irregular rhythm
                spent in AFib during past Apple Watch  suggestive of AFib and the absence of
                  wear).                            a notification is not intended to
                                                           indicate no disease process is
              The feature also tracks and trends      present; rather the feature is intended
                 estimated AFib burden over time, and   to opportunistically surface a
                 includes lifestyle data visualizations to  notification of possible AFib when
                enable users to understand the          sufficient data are available for
                impact of certain aspects of their        analysis. These data are only captured
                      lifestyle on their AFib. It is not        when the user is still. Along with the
                 intended to provide individual irregular  user’s risk factors the feature can be
               rhythm notifications or to replace      used to supplement the decision for
                    traditional methods of diagnosis,       AFib screening. The feature is not
                  treatment, or monitoring of AFib.       intended to replace traditional
                                              methods of diagnosis or treatment.
              The feature is intended for use with
                 the Apple Watch and the Health app   The feature has not been tested for
              on iPhone.                       and is not intended for use in people
                                                  under 22 years of age. It is also not
                                                     intended for use in individuals
                                                          previously diagnosed with AFib

 Principle of     The AFib History Feature acquires     The IRN 2.0 app acquires platform
 Operation        platform sensor data from Apple       sensor data from Apple Watch. After
                Watch. After acquisition, the Afib        acquisition, the IRN app algorithms
                  History Feature algorithms analyze     analyze pulse rate data to identify
                 pulse rate data to identify episodes of  episodes of irregular heart rhythms
                    irregular heart rhythms suggestive of   suggestive of atrial fibrillation (AFib)
                       atrial fibrillation (AFib) and aggregates  and provides notification to the user.
                those episodes to provide the user
                  with an estimate of atrial fibrillation
               burden during watch wear.


                       One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014                Page 4 of 10

 Apple Inc.                                                      AFib History Feature (K213971)


                             Subject Device                         Predicate Device
      Item
                          AFib History Feature                     IRNF 2.0 App

 Clinical        See below for a discussion of clinical   Apple conducted a clinical validation
 Performance    performance testing supporting the    study to assess the performance of
                AFib History Feature.                IRNF 2.0 app relative to that of the
                                                 IRNF 1.0 on a common sensor dataset.

                                                 IRNF 2.0 person-level sensitivity
                                                   (88.6%) and specificity (99.3%) were
                                                   both demonstrated to be non-inferior
                                                           to those of the IRNF 1.0.


 Compatibility    iOS version 16.0 or later              iOS version 15.5 or later
 with Intended   watchOS version 9.0 or later         watchOS version 8.5 or later
 Platforms
                Apple Watch Series 4, 5, SE           Apple Watch Series 3, 4, 5, SE
                iPhone 6s and later                  iPhone 6s and later


5.6 Performance Testing

The AFib History Feature was verified and validated according to Apple’s internal design
control processes and in accordance with the special controls for Photoplethysmograph
Analysis software for over-the-counter use (21 CFR 870.2790). The testing demonstrated
that the device performed according to its specifications and that the technological and
performance criteria are comparable to the predicate device.

The AFib History Feature includes a rhythm classification algorithm that leverages
machine learning techniques to differentiate between AFib and non-AFib rhythms. The
classifier algorithm is the same that is used in the predicate device, but has been
optimized for use in the AFib History Feature’s indicated use population, where there is an
a priori expectation of AFib.

The rhythm classification algorithm uses a convolutional neural network based
architecture and was trained extensively using data collected in a number of development
studies. In total, the studies included over 2500 subjects and collected over 3 million
pulse rate recordings on a variety of rhythms including: atrial fibrillation, normal sinus
rhythm, sinus arrhythmia, and other ectopic beats (PVCs, PACs).


                       One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014                Page 5 of 10

 Apple Inc.                                                      AFib History Feature (K213971)


The studies used to train the convolutional neural network recruited demographically
diverse populations with broad representation of age, sex, BMI, race, and skin tones. Table
2 below summarizes approximate development study demographic characteristics:


                        Table 2. Development Study Subject Demographics

                                Age Group (years)

                          <55                   39.5%

                       >=55 to <65                25.4%

                         >=65                    35.1%

                                        Sex

                              Male                   49.6%

                             Female                  50.4%

                                   BMI (kg/m2)

                               <18.5                    2.2%

                          >=18.5 to <25.0               32.7%

                        >=25.0 to <30.0              32.2%

                            >=30.0                  32.9%

                                       Race

                               White                    71.5%

                        Black or African American            18.0%

                               Other                    10.5%


For the purpose of developing the algorithm, the data was split into four sets with
matching distributions of rhythms and demographics: Training, Validation, Test, and
Sequestration sets. The model was trained on the Training set, with the Validation set
used for early stopping and threshold selection. The model was then evaluated on the
Testing set at regular intervals during model development. When development was
complete the model was locked, and then evaluated on the Sequestration set as a last
test to ensure it had not been over-fit to the development data.

The classifier algorithm’s performance on the development studies dataset when used in
both the AFib History Feature & the Irregular Rhythm Notification Feature is characterized
by the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve & table 3 below.


                       One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014                Page 6 of 10

© Apple Inc. AFib History Feature (K213971)
100
AFib History
95
90
&
>
of
2 85
=
nO
c
o
id)
80
IRNF 2.0
75
70
0.0 0.4 0.8 1.2 1.6 2.0
100 - Specificity (%)
Table 3. Rhythm Classification Algorithm - Development Studies Performance
Sensitivity Specificity
AFib History Feature 97% 99.0%
IRNF 2.0 (predicate) 79.6% 99.9%
One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014 Page 7 of 10

 Apple Inc.                                                      AFib History Feature (K213971)


5.7 Clinical Performance

The performance of the AFib History Feature was extensively tested in a clinical study of
413 participants ages 22 and older with a mix of AFib diagnoses (paroxysmal &
permanent). Enrolled subjects wore an Apple Watch and a reference electrocardiogram
(ECG) patch concurrently for up to 13 days. Study demographic characteristics are
summarized in the table below:


                      Table 3. IRNF 2.0 Clinical Study Subject Demographics

                                                     N=413

                                Age Group (years)

                  <55                               59 (14.3%)

                  >=55 to <65                         99 (24.0%)

                  >=65                              255 (61.7%)

                                        Sex

                    Male                                 219 (53.0%)

                    Female                               194 (47.0%)

                                                Ethnicity

                       Hispanic or Latino                          19 (4.6%)

                     Non-Hispanic or Latino                394 (95.4%)

                                       Race

                     White                                  371 (89.8%)

                       Black or African American                    31 (7.5%)

                     Other                                            11 (2.7%)


The objective of the study was to assess the accuracy of the weekly AFib burden
estimate generated by the feature compared to a weekly AFib burden reference
measurement. To do so, Apple employed a Bland-Altman Limits of Agreement (LoA)
approach. A LoA approach is a way of assessing agreement accuracy between two
measurement methods.


                       One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014                Page 8 of 10

 Apple Inc.                                                      AFib History Feature (K213971)


The objective of the study was to assess the accuracy of the weekly AFib burden
estimate generated by the feature compared to a weekly AFib burden reference
measurement. To do so, Apple employed a Bland-Altman Limits of Agreement (LoA)
approach. A LoA approach is a way of assessing agreement accuracy between two
measurement methods.

Of the 413 enrolled subjects, 280 contributed data to the primary endpoint analysis to
determine if the level of agreement between the reference ECG AFib burden and the
feature’s AFib burden estimate was acceptable. Based on the results of the study, the
lower and upper Bland-Altman limits (i.e., two standard deviations from the mean
difference) were -11.4% and 12.8%, respectively.

The average difference between the feature’s weekly burden estimate and reference
weekly burden was 0.67%. 92.9% (260/280) of subjects had paired weekly AFib burden
differences within ±5%; 95.7% (268/280) of subjects’ weekly AFib burden estimates were
within +/- 10%.

The AFib History Feature and the Irregular rhythm Notification Feature (IRNF 2.0) use the
same tachogram classification algorithm that leverages machine learning techniques to
differentiate between AFib and non-AFib rhythms. The classification algorithm analyzes
pulse rhythm samples collected by Apple Watch and uses a convolutional neural network
based architecture. For use in the AFib History Feature the algorithm’s operating point
was adjusted to prioritize sensitivity. Table 4 below outlines the sensitivity and specificity
of the classification algorithm for the AFib History Feature and IRNF 2.0 in the clinical
validation study.


              Table 4. Classification Algorithm - Clinical Validation Study Performance

                                                           Sensitivity                Specificity

                AFib History Feature              92.6%              98.8%

                IRNF 2.0 (predicate)              85.5%              99.6%


These results demonstrate that the AFib History Feature is effective in generating
accurate AFib burden estimates.


5.8 Human Factors Testing

The AFib History Feature was found to be safe and effective as compared to the predicate
for the intended users, uses, and use environments. This conclusion is supported by
iterative human factors analyses and evaluations on the Feature, resulting design
modifications, and the ultimate analysis of the summative/validation testing results.


                       One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014                Page 9 of 10

 Apple Inc.                                                      AFib History Feature (K213971)


5.9 Conclusion

The AFib History Feature is substantially equivalent to IRNF 2.0 as they are identical with
respect to intended use and there are no differences in technological or performance
characteristics that raise new questions of safety and effectiveness.


                       One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014               Page 10 of 10