January 14, 2022
Carestream Health, Inc.
℅ Gina Maiolo
Regulatory Affairs Manager
150 Verona St
ROCHESTER NY 14608

Re: K213307
    Trade/Device Name: Eclipse II with Smart Noise Cancellation
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1680
    Regulation Name: Stationary x-ray system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MQB
    Dated: December 10, 2021
    Received: December 13, 2021

Dear Gina Maiolo:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K213307 - Gina Maiolo                                                            Page   2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,

                                                                               Digitally signed by
                                                                       Laurel M. Burk -S
                                                                     Date: 2022.01.14
                                                                     09:49:33 -05'00'
                                             Laurel Burk
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-ray Systems Team
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K213307
Device Name
Eclipse II with Smart Noise Cancellation
Indications for Use (Describe)
The software performs digital enhancement of a radiographic image generated by an x-ray device. The software can be
used to process adult and pediatric x-ray images. This excludes mammography applications.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Summary             K213307


        510(k) Owner Name                   Carestream Health, Inc.


        510(k) Owner Address               150 Verona Street
                                                 Rochester, New York 14608
        510(k) Owner Contact Information     Gina Maiolo

                                               Regulatory Affairs Manager
       Phone (Work)                        585.627.6543
       Phone (Mobile)                       516.395.0597
       Date Summary Prepared               Sept 30 2021


        Device Trade Name                     Eclipse II with Smart Noise Cancellation
        Device Common Name                  Solid State X-Ray Imager
         Classification Name                     Stationary X-ray system
        Device Class                            Class II
        Device Code                MQB
        Regulation Number                  21 CFR 892.1680
        Predicate Device                        Eclipse II 510(k) K202441


Indications for Use
"The software performs digital enhancement of a radiographic image generated by an x-ray device. The software
can be used to process adult and pediatric x-ray images. This excludes mammography applications.”


Device Description

Eclipse software runs inside the ImageView product application software (not considered stand-alone software).
Smart Noise Cancellation is an optional feature (module) that enhances projection radiography acquisitions
captured from digital radiography imaging receptors (Computed Radiography (CR) and Digital Radiography
(DR). Eclipse II with Smart Noise Cancellation supports the Carestream DRX family of detectors which includes
all CR and DR detectors.

The Smart Noise Cancellation module consists of a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) trained using clinical
images with added simulated noise to represent reduced signal-to-noise acquisitions.

Eclipse II with Smart Noise Cancellation incorporates enhanced noise reduction prior to executing Eclipse image
processing software. The software has the capability to lower dose up to 50% when processed through the Eclipse
II software with SNC, resulting in improved image quality. A 50% dose reduction for CsI panel images and 40%


                                                                                               Page 1 of 4

dose reduction for GOS panel images when processed with Eclipse II and SNC results in image quality as good
as or better than nominal dose images


Technological Characteristics

The technological characteristics of the Eclipse II with Smart Noise Cancellation remain the same.
Reference the Comparison Table for a summary of changes.


Eclipse  II software enhances projection radiography acquisitions captured from digital radiography imaging
receptors (Computed Radiography (CR) and Digital Radiography (DR) which is the same as the predicate software
K202441. The software was modified to include the support for Smart Noise Cancellation. This Smart Noise
Cancellation module consists of a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), trained using clinical images with added
simulated noise to represent reduced signal-to-noise acquisitions. The main difference between the modified and
predicate device is the Smart Noise Cancellation module only. The comparison chart below demonstrates the
similarities to further support that the overall image processing architecture is the same between predicate and
modified.

    •  Both the predicate and modified device is software designed for the enhancement of the raw images
        captured from the digital flat panel detectors (detectors have obtained separate clearances). The
       enhancement image processing intends to present an image with proper image quality attributes
        (brightness, latitude, overall contrast and detail, sharpness, and noise appearance) for the purpose of
        helping radiologists and physicians to make a diagnosis (same as the predicate).

    •  The difference in the modified software is the implementation of noise suppression prior to enhancement
        processing. The Smart Noise Cancellation operation passes the acquired preprocessed image through a
        specially trained Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based on a U-Net architecture to generate a 2D
      map of the estimated noise found in the image, identified in the document as a “Noise Field.” This
       change does not raise new questions regarding safety and effectiveness.
       Risks were assessed in accordance to ISO 14971 and evaluated and reduced as far as possible with risk
        mitigations and mitigation evidence.

    •  The modifications to the ImageView software, (acquisition software for digital radiography systems) has
       been modified to enable/disable the Eclipse II with Smart Noise Cancellation. These user interface
       changes are described in detail in the Substantial Equivalence discussion and do not introduce new risks
        or raise new questions pertaining to safety and effectiveness.

    •  The difference in image processing paths between the predicate and modified device demonstrate that the
        noise level in images processed thru the modified software (Eclipse II with Smart Noise Cancellation) is
        greatly reduced when compared with the image processed thru the predicate software, Eclipse II.


                                                                                               Page 2 of 4

Summary of Non-Clinical Testing

No additional non-clinical testing was required to demonstrate substantial equivalence between the predicate
device labeling and the modified labeling.


Summary of Clinical Testing
A concurrence study was performed by board certified radiologists in accordance with FDA “Guidance for
the Submission of 510(k)s for Solid State X-ray Imaging Devices" and Carestream standard procedure for
concurrence studies and Carestream standard procedure for concurrence studies.

The images were evaluated using a 5-point visual difference preference scale (-2 to +2) tied to diagnostic
confidence. Additionally, the overall diagnostic capability of each image was evaluated using the 4-point
RadLex scale. The statistical test results and graphical summaries demonstrate that the software delivers
diagnostic quality images at 50% dose reduction for CsI panel images and 40% dose reduction for GOS panel
reduced radiation doses that are equivalent to or exceed the quality of nominal dose images over a range of
exams, detector types and exposure levels.


Conclusion of Testing
Clinical testing validates the modifications to the device description.

A comparison chart provides similarities and differences between the modified and predicate device.

                      Predicate                                    Subject Device
                    (K202441)

 Trade Name          Eclipse II with Smart Noise Cancellation                                                           same

 Manufacturer       Carestream Health                         same

 Indications for Use   "The software performs digital enhancement of a
                       adiographic image generated by an x-ray device.
                   The software can be used to process adult and    same
                          pediatric x-ray images. This excludes
                  mammography applications."

 Grid Suppression    Removes grid frequencies from the image.
                                                           same


 Image Segmentation Image analysis that identifies the anatomy of
                           interest by detecting direct exposure and
                                                           same
                        collimator blades.


                                                                                               Page 3 of 4

Recognition          Optional tech assist features on chest exams that
                      provide auto-orientation (head-up), identify
                                                          same                       clipped lung bases and provide a CNR image
                        quality metric.


Parameter Prediction Automatic determination of rendering parameters
                     based upon features extracted from histograms of
                                                          same                       the image in support of (4) to (10) frequency
                      bands.


Enhanced Noise     Yes
                                                          same
Reduction Support

                       Eclipse  software  runs  inside  the ImageView
Device Description
                       product  application  software  (not  considered
                        stand-alone software). Smart Noise Cancellation is
                     an  optional  feature  (module)  that  enhances
                        projection radiography acquisitions captured from
                           digital radiography imaging receptors (Computed
                     Radiography (CR) and Digital Radiography (DR).
                       Eclipse II with Smart Noise Cancellation supports
                        the Carestream DRX family of detectors which                                                                      Addition:
                        includes all CR and DR detectors.
                                                            The software has the capability to lower
                   The Smart Noise Cancellation module consists of                                                                    dose  up  to 50%  when  processed
                      a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) trained                                                                      through Eclipse  II SNC, resulting in
                       using clinical images with added simulated noise                                                                 improved image quality. A 50% dose
                         to represent reduced signal-to-noise acquisitions.                                                                          reduction for CsI panel images and 40%
                       Eclipse   II  with  Smart  Noise  Cancellation   dose reduction for GOS panel images
                        incorporates enhanced noise reduction prior to  when processed with Eclipse  II and
                       executing Eclipse image processing software.     SNC results in image quality as good as
                                                                           or better than nominal dose images


                                                                                             Page 4 of 4