September 6, 2022

Perspectum Ltd.
℅ Ioan Wigley
Head of Regulatory Affairs
Gemini One
5520 John Smith Drive
Oxford, Oxfordshire OX 2LL
UNITED KINGDOM

Re: K213960
    Trade/Device Name: LiverMultiScan v5 (LMSv5)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic resonance diagnostic device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH
    Dated: July 26, 2022
    Received: July 26, 2022

Dear Ioan Wigley:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K213960 - Ioan Wigley                                                                Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                          and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K213960
Device Name
LiverMultiScan v5
Indications for Use (Describe)
LiverMultiScan v5 (LMSv5) is indicated for use as a magnetic resonance diagnostic device software application for noninvasive liver evaluation that enables the generation, display and review of 2D magnetic resonance medical image data
and pixel maps for MR relaxation times.
LMSvVS is designed to utilize DICOM 3.0 compliant magnetic resonance image datasets, acquired from compatible MR
Systems, to display the internal structure of the abdomen including the liver. Other physical parameters derived from the
images may also be produced.
LMSvS provides several tools, such as automated liver segmentation and region of interest (ROI) placements, to be used
for the assessment of selected regions of an image. Quantitative assessment of selected regions includes the determination
of triglyceride fat fraction in the liver (PDFF), T2*, LIC (Liver Iron Concentration) and iron corrected T1 (cT1)
measurements.
These images and the physical parameters derived from the images, when interpreted by a trained clinician, yield
information that may assist in diagnosis.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

LMSv5 510(k) Summary


Date Prepared:                    01 September 2022                           K213960


Submitter Details
Owner Address:                     Perspectum Ltd
                                   Gemini One,
                                 5520 John Smith Drive,
                                    Oxford Business Park,
                                       Oxford,
                              OX4 2LL
                                 +44 (0) 1865 655329


Owner/Operator Number:           10056574

 Establishment Registration Number:    3014232555

Contact Person:                       Ioan Wigley
                                   Ioan.Wigley@perspectum.com
                                 +44 (0) 1865 655329

Subject and Predicate Devices
                                 Subject Device          Primary Predicate Device    Secondary Predicate Device
510(k) number                  Not known                 K202170                  K043271
Legal Manufacturer            Perspectum Ltd.             Perspectum Ltd.         Inner Vision Biometrics Pty
Owner/Owner Operator          10056574                 10056574                     Ltd /    /
NumberDevice Name                 LiverMultiScan v5.0.0         LiverMultiScan v4.0.0       R2-MRI Analysis System
                                                                                                     (FerriScan)
Proprietary/Common       LiverMultiScan, LMSv5, LMS   LiverMultiScan, LMSv4, LMS            FerriScan
namePanel                             Radiology                    Radiology                    Radiology
Regulation                       892.1000                  892.1000                   892.1000
Risk Class                             Class II                         Class II                         Class II
Product Class code               LNH                   LNH                    LNH
Classification              System, Nuclear Magnetic     System, Nuclear Magnetic     System, Nuclear Magnetic
                           Resonance Imaging          Resonance Imaging          Resonance Imaging


                                                                                        Page 1 of 11LMSv5 510(k) Summary v2.0
                                                                                                                Uncontrolled if printed

LMSv5 510(k) Summary

Subject Device
General Description
LiverMultiScan v5 (LMSv5) is a standalone software device. The purpose of the LiverMultiScan v5 device is to assist a
trained operator with the evaluation of information from Magnetic Resonance (MR) images from a single time-point (a
patient visit).

LiverMultiScan is a post-processing software device, a trained operator uses tools within the device interface to quantify
liver tissue characteristics from parametric maps. LiverMultiScan v5 includes automatic processing functionality based
on machine-learning to assist in the quantification of metrics during analysis, such as automatic artefact detection and
automatic segmentation of the liver. A summary report from the analysis conducted is generated for interpretation by
a clinician.

LiverMultiScan v5 is not intended to replace the established procedures for the assessment of a patient’s liver health
by a clinician, providing many opportunities for competent human intervention in the clinical care of patients.

The metrics are intended to be used as an additional diagnostic input to provide information to clinicians as part of a
wider diagnostic process. It is expected that in the normal course of clinical care, patients will present with clinical
symptoms or risk factors which may indicate liver disease. The interpreting clinician needs to take into consideration
the device’s limitations and accuracy during clinical interpretation.

Information gathered through existing diagnostic tests and clinical evaluation of the patient, as well as information
obtained from LiverMultiScan v5 metrics, may contribute to a diagnostic decision.

LiverMultiScan v5 is not a computer-aided diagnostic device and can only present imaging information which must be
interpreted by a qualified clinician. LiverMultiScan v5 is an aid to diagnosis; the diagnosis and treatment decisions
remain the responsibility of the clinician.

Intended Use and Indications for Use
LiverMultiScan v5 (LMSv5) is indicated for use as a magnetic resonance diagnostic device software application for noninvasive liver evaluation that enables the generation, display and review of 2D magnetic resonance medical image data
and pixel maps for MR relaxation times.

LMSv5 is designed to utilize DICOM 3.0 compliant magnetic resonance image datasets, acquired from compatible MR
Systems, to display the internal structure of the abdomen including the liver. Other physical parameters derived from
the images may also be produced.

LMSv5 provides several tools, such as automated liver segmentation and region of interest (ROI) placements, to be used
for the assessment of selected regions of an image. Quantitative assessment of selected regions includes the
determination of triglyceride fat fraction in the liver (PDFF), T2*, LIC (Liver Iron Concentration) and iron corrected T1
(cT1) measurements.

These images and the physical parameters derived from the images, when interpreted by a trained clinician, yield
information that may assist in diagnosis.

Indications and contraindications
LiverMultiScan is indicated for use where MRI is not contraindicated.

Contraindications
LiverMultiScan is indicated for use where MRI is not contraindicated.

                                                                                        Page 2 of 11LMSv5 510(k) Summary v2.0
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

LMSv5 510(k) Summary


Intended Conditions
LiverMultiScan is not intended to be used for use on any specific disease or condition, but the information provided in
the report, when interpreted by a licensed physician, may benefit the clinical management, including diagnosis and
monitoring of patients.

Standalone Software
LiverMultiScan is a post-processing software device. All operations and features are directly controlled by the
LiverMultiScan device. LiverMultiScan does not control other firmware or software outside of the device


                                                                                        Page 3 of 11LMSv5 510(k) Summary v2.0
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

LMSv5 510(k) Summary

Subject and Predicate Comparison
The following characteristics were compared between the subject device and the predicate device in order to demonstrate substantial equivalence.

                          Characteristi       LMSv5 (Subject device)        LMSv4 (Primary Predicate Device)     R2-MRI Analysis System
                         c                                                                                                  (FerriScan) (Secondary
                                                                                                                              Predicate)
                      Intended      LiverMultiScan v5 (LMSv5) is            LiverMultiScan (LMSv4) is indicated     For the analysis of multiUse            indicated for use as a magnetic          for use as a magnetic resonance          slice, spin-echo MRI data
                                     resonance diagnostic device software   diagnostic device software              sets of the liver for the
                                          application for non-invasive liver        application for non-invasive liver      measurement of liver R2
                                         evaluation that enables the             evaluation that enables the           and liver iron concentration.
                                         generation, display and review of 2D    generation, display and review of 2D
                                     magnetic resonance medical image     magnetic resonance medical image
                                      data and pixel maps for MR relaxation  data and pixel maps for MR relaxation
                                          times.                                  times.


                                LMSv5 is designed to utilize DICOM     LiverMultiScan (LMSv4) is designed to
                                         3.0 compliant magnetic resonance       utilize DICOM 3.0 compliant magnetic
                                   image datasets, acquired from         resonance image datasets, acquired
                                      compatible MR Systems, to display     from compatible MR systems, to
                                      the internal structure of the abdomen   display the internal structure of the
                                          including the liver. Other physical     abdomen including the liver. Other
                                     parameters derived from the images    physical parameters derived from the
                              may also be produced.               images may also be produced.


                                                                                            Page 4 of 11    LMSv5 510(k) Summary v2.0
                                                                                                                     Uncontrolled if printed

LMSv5 510(k) Summary


                     Characteristi       LMSv5 (Subject device)        LMSv4 (Primary Predicate Device)     R2-MRI Analysis System
                     c                                                                                                  (FerriScan) (Secondary
                                                                                                                         Predicate)
                            LMSv5 provides several tools, such as   LiverMultiScan (LMSv4) provides a
                               automated liver segmentation and     number of tools, such as automated
                                   region of interest (ROI) placements,      liver segmentation and region of
                                    to be used for the assessment of        interest (ROI) placements, to be used
                                    selected regions of an image.            for the assessment of selected
                                    Quantitative assessment of selected    regions of an image. Quantitative
                                    regions includes the determination of   assessments of selected regions
                                        triglyceride fat fraction in the liver      include the determination of
                                     (PDFF), T2*, LIC (Liver Iron               triglyceride fat fraction in the liver
                                   Concentration) and iron corrected T1   (PDFF), T2* and iron-corrected T1
                                      (cT1) measurements.                   (cT1) measurements. T2* may be
                                                                               optionally computed using the DIXON
                                                                        or LMS MOST methods.

                                These images and the physical         These images and the physical
                                 parameters derived from the images,   parameters derived from the images,
                           when interpreted by a trained        when interpreted by a trained
                                           clinician, yield information that may     clinician, yield information that may
                                          assist in diagnosis.                         assist in diagnosis.

                     Indications    Same as intended use              Same as intended use               The R2-MRI Analysis System
                     for Use                                                                                                                      is an accessory diagnostic
                                                                                                              device to MRI scanners and
                                                                                                                                                             is intended for diagnostic
                                                                                                      use to present images that
                                                                                                                                reflect the magnetic
                                                                                                       resonance spectra for the
                                                                                                           determination of iron on the
                                                                                                                                                  liver.


                                                                                        Page 5 of 11LMSv5 510(k) Summary v2.0
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

LMSv5 510(k) Summary


                     Characteristi       LMSv5 (Subject device)        LMSv4 (Primary Predicate Device)     R2-MRI Analysis System
                     c                                                                                                  (FerriScan) (Secondary
                                                                                                                         Predicate)
                   Target         Patients suitable to undergo an MRI     Patients suitable to undergo an MRI     Patients suitable to undergo
                   Population    scan and not contra-indicated for MRI  scan and not contra-indicated for MRI  an MRI scan and not contraindicated for MRI
                   Device User    Trained Perspectum internal operator  Trained Perspectum internal operator  Resonance Health’s trained
                                                                                                                      analyst
                  Report User   An interpreting clinician or healthcare  An interpreting clinician or healthcare  An interpreting clinician or
                                      practitioner                             practitioner                           healthcare practitioner
                   Device Use     Installation of LiverMultiScan v5 is       Installation of LMSv4 is controlled and  Image analysis and LIC
                  Environment   controlled and is installed on general     is installed on general purpose          reporting is performed at a
                                purpose workstations that meet the    workstations that meet the minimum   central ISO 13485 certified
                           minimum technical requirements at     technical requirements at              Service Centre. Hosting
                                 Perspectum’s image analysis centre    Perspectum’s image analysis centre     platform is resonance
                               by specialist members of staff.        by specialist members of staff.          health’s internal server.
                       Clinical        LiverMultiScan v5 is a standalone      LMSv4 is a standalone post-            FerriScan is a standalone
                     Setting        post-processing software device that   processing software device that is      software tool that is
                                                  is intended to be installed on general   intended to be installed on general     intended to be used by
                                use workstations at Perspectum’s      use workstations at Perspectum’s      Resonance Health’s trained
                               image analysis centre.               image analysis centre.                   analyst, FerriScan is installed
                                                                                               and runs on the Resonance
                                 Operators use LMSv5 to conduct       Operators use LMS to conduct          Health’s internal server.
                                     quantitative analysis of liver tissue      quantitative analysis of liver tissue
                                       characteristics to produce a report.      characteristics to produce a report.    The report result is overseen
                              The end-users for the output from     The end-users for the output from     by the radiologist and the
                                  the device, the report, are clinicians    the device, the report, are clinicians     final decision for clinical
                          who receive and interpret          who receive and interpret LMSv4      management of the patient
                                    LiverMultiScan (LMSv5) reports.         reports.                                           is made by their treating
                                                                                                                                         clinician.
                  Anatomical   Abdomen, including the liver         Abdomen, including the Liver         Abdomen, including the
                    Location                                                                                                   Liver.


                                                                                        Page 6 of 11LMSv5 510(k) Summary v2.0
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

LMSv5 510(k) Summary


                     Characteristi       LMSv5 (Subject device)        LMSv4 (Primary Predicate Device)     R2-MRI Analysis System
                     c                                                                                                  (FerriScan) (Secondary
                                                                                                                         Predicate)
                  Energy         LiverMultiScan v5 is a standalone     LMS is a standalone software           FerriScan is a standalone
                                  software application, it does not         application, it does not deliver,         software application. It does
                                         deliver, monitor or depend on energy   monitor or depend on energy          not deliver, monitor or
                                    delivered to or from patients.           delivered to or from patients.         depend on energy delivered
                                                                                                                to or from patients.
                    Design:        LiverMultiScan v5 is a standalone     LMS is a standalone software           FerriScan is intended for:
                  Purpose       software application that imports MR   application that imports MR data sets   •   Supporting clinical
                                  data sets encompassing the           encompassing the abdomen,               diagnoses about the
                              abdomen, including the liver.           including the liver. Visualisation and         status of liver iron
                                       Visualisation and display of 2D multi-    display of 2D multi-slice, spin-echo          concentration.
                                              slice, spin-echo MR data can be     MR data can be analysed and          •   Supporting the
                                  analysed and quantitative metrics of    quantitative metrics of tissue              subsequent clinical
                                       tissue characteristics are then           characteristics are then reported.           decision-making
                                    reported.                                                                         processes.
                                                                        Datasets imported into LMS are        •   Supporting the use in
                                   Datasets imported into            DICOM 3.0 compliant, reported                clinical research trials,
                                    LiverMultiScan (LMSv5) are DICOM     metrics are independent of the MRI         directed at studying
                                    3.0 compliant, reported metrics are    equipment vendor.                      changes in liver iron
                                independent of the MRI equipment                                               concentration as a
                                  vendor.                                                                                  result of interventions.
                                                                                                       •     It contains an image
                                                                                                               viewer for importing
                                                                                      DICOM images,
                                                                                                            browsing through
                                                                                                                        patient datasets,
                                                                                                                 viewing images and
                                                                                                              performing region of
                                                                                                                               interest analysis


                                                                                        Page 7 of 11LMSv5 510(k) Summary v2.0
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

LMSv5 510(k) Summary


                     Characteristi       LMSv5 (Subject device)        LMSv4 (Primary Predicate Device)     R2-MRI Analysis System
                     c                                                                                                  (FerriScan) (Secondary
                                                                                                                         Predicate)
                    Design: Tools  Allows for the visualisation via          Allows for the visualisation via          Allows for the visualisation
                                  parametric maps and quantification    parametric maps and quantification     of images that reflect the
                                     of metrics (cT1, LIC and PDFF) from     of metrics (cT1, T2* and PDFF) from    magnetic resonance spectra
                                            liver tissue and exportation of results    liver tissue and exportation of results    for the determination of
                       & images to a deliverable report.     & images to a deliverable report.        iron on the liver. It contains
                                                                                                an image viewer for
                                     Quantification is through either full     Quantification is through either full    •   importing DICOM
                                 segmentation of the outer liver        segmentation of the outer liver            images,
                                 contour and liver vasculature or        contour and liver vasculature or       •   browsing through
                              manual placement of ROI’s on the     manual placement of ROI’s on the          patient datasets,
                                  parametric maps. IQR and median      parametric maps. IQR and median     •   viewing images and
                                   metrics are reported from the          metrics are reported from the             performing ROI analysis.
                                 segmentation/ROI quantification.      segmentation/ROI quantification.

                                    automatically detects artefacts on the
                              and are delineated on the parametric
                         map computed images as well as
                             recommends slices to be used as the
                                     quantitative output of the device.
                    Design: MR    T1, iron corrected T1 (cT1) mapping     T1, iron corrected T1 (cT1) and T2*    R2 (Signal Decay Rate)
                  Relaxometry  and LIC                           mapping                         mapping
                    Design: Liver   Utilizes MR images that exploit the      Utilizes MR images that exploit the    N/A
                    Fat             difference in resonance frequencies     difference in resonance frequencies
                     Quantificatio  between hydrogen nuclei in water     between hydrogen nuclei in water
                n            and triglyceride fat using the          and triglyceride fat using the LMS
                                    LiverMultiScan v5 IDEAL method.      IDEAL method.
                    Design:        Iron corrected T1 (cT1), Proton          Iron corrected T1 (cT1), T2* and        FerriScan calculates the
                   Parametric     Density Fat Fraction (PDFF) and LIC     Proton Density Fat Fraction (PDFF)      signal decay rate (R2) that is
               Maps          parametric maps can be created from   parametric maps can be created from  used to characterise iron
                                                  all supported scanners.                       all supported scanners.                 loading in the liver. It
                                                                                                      produces an output report

                                                                                        Page 8 of 11LMSv5 510(k) Summary v2.0
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

LMSv5 510(k) Summary


                     Characteristi       LMSv5 (Subject device)        LMSv4 (Primary Predicate Device)     R2-MRI Analysis System
                     c                                                                                                  (FerriScan) (Secondary
                                                                                                                         Predicate)
                                                     It is possible to use the LIC maps and     It is possible to use the T2* and PDFF   comprising R2 which is
                               knowledge of the measurements and  maps and knowledge of the T2* and    transformed by a defined
                                  the scanner field strength to correct    PDFF measurements and the scanner   calibration curve into a
                                       for signal changes related to iron         field strength to correct for signal       quantitative measure of liver
                                      deposits, producing a cT1 map. The    changes related to iron deposits,        iron concentration in vivo.
                                cT1 map eliminates the effects of       producing a cT1 map. The cT1 map     FerriScan presents images
                                   elevated iron from the T1               eliminates the effects of elevated iron   that reflect the magnetic
                              measurement (3) and standardizes     from the T1 measurement (3) and      resonance spectra for iron
                                       for the fat signal across scanner        standardizes for the fat signal across    determination on the liver.
                                  manufacturers.                      scanner manufacturers.
                              PDFF is quantified using the LMS      PDFF is quantified using the LMS
                                 IDEAL method. Parametric maps of     IDEAL method. Parametric maps of
                                      LIC are quantified using the LMS       T2* may optionally be computed
                         MOST method.                        using either the three-point DIXON
                                                           method or the LMS MOST method.
                            LMSv5 uses the measured T2* value
                              and uses them to characterise iron
                                    loading in the liver which is then
                                 transformed by a defined calibration
                                  curve to provide a quantitative
                              measure of liver iron concentration in
                                         vivo. LMSv5 presents images that
                                         reflect the magnetic resonance
                                    spectra for iron determination on the
                                              liver.
                    Design:       Numerous views within the          Numerous views within the LMSv4      Visualisation of multi-slice,
                     Visualisation   LiverMultiScan v5 interface can be      interface can be used to assist in       spin-echo MRI data sets
                                used to assist in analysis of Iron          analysis, Iron-corrected T1 (cT1), T2*   encompassing the
                                   corrected T1 (cT1), triglyceride fat     and triglyceride fat (also known as     abdomen.
                                        (also known as Proton Density Fat      Proton Density Fat Fraction (PDFF))     Software tool calculates the
                                     Fraction (PDFF)) and LIC parametric     parametric maps can be created from   signal decay rate (R2) that is

                                                                                        Page 9 of 11LMSv5 510(k) Summary v2.0
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

LMSv5 510(k) Summary


                     Characteristi       LMSv5 (Subject device)        LMSv4 (Primary Predicate Device)     R2-MRI Analysis System
                     c                                                                                                  (FerriScan) (Secondary
                                                                                                                         Predicate)
                            maps can be created from all               all supported scanners. R2 maps can   used to characterise iron
                                 supported scanners.                    also be utilised to assess the quality     loading in the liver, which is
                                                                             of the map fitting.                   then transformed by a
                                  Parametric maps displayed using the    Iron- corrected T1 (cT1) displayed      defined calibration curve to
                            LMSv5 colourmap, designed to have    using LMSv4 colourmap, designed to    provide a quantitative
                          maximum contrast on liver           have maximum contrast on liver       measure of liver iron
                                parenchymal tissue.                 parenchymal tissue.                   concentration in vivo.
                                                                                                                       LIC is displayed on a map
                                                                                               and histogram within the
                                                                                                                   FerriScan LIC report.
                    Design:      DICOM 3.0 compliant MR data from   DICOM 3.0 compliant MR data from   DICOM Image Format.
                  Supported     supported MRI scanners.              supported MRI scanners.                Functionality independent
                   Modalities                                                                                    of MRI equipment vendor.


                                                                                       Page 10 of 11LMSv5 510(k) Summary v2.0
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed

LMSv5 510(k) Summary

Differences between subject and predicate devices
 •   The LMSv5 device offers additional quantification tools in its interface that are not available in the primary
     predicate device, LMSv4. LMSv5 automatically detects artefacts on the and are delineated on the parametric map
    computed images as well as recommends slices to be used as the quantitative output of the device. Artefact
    areas are overlayed on the parametric maps to assist in quantification and interpretation.

 •  LMSv5 uses the measured T2* values to characterise iron loading in the liver which is transformed by a defined
     calibration curve to provide a quantitative measure of liver iron concentration (LIC) in vivo. LMSv5 presents
    images that reflect the magnetic resonance spectra for iron determination on the liver. The primary predicate
    device does not offer quantification of LIC. However, the secondary predicate, R2-MRI Analysis System
     (FerriScan) also produces an outputted report comprising measured R2 values that are transformed by a defined
     calibration curve into a quantitative measure of liver iron concentration.

Software and Performance Testing
All product specifications were verified and the overall ability of the product to meet user needs was validated. Testing
was performed according to internal company procedures. Software testing and validation were conducted according
to written test protocols established before testing was conducted. Software verification and validation testing were
conducted, and documentation was provided as detailed in FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff: “Guidance for
the content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The software level of concern for
LiverMultiScan v5 is Moderate, as per FDA's guidance document "Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions
for Software Contained in Medical Devices". This device does not control a life supporting or life-sustaining device, nor
does it control the delivery of a potentially harmful energy. This device does not control the delivery of treatment, and
it does not provide diagnostic information, nor does it provide any vital signs monitoring. The hazard analysis identifies
the potential software-related risks of using the device, and the mitigations implemented.

Bench testing included functional  verification to ensure software  installation,  licensing,  labeling, and feature
functionality all met design requirements. The accuracy and precision of device measurements was assessed using
purpose-built phantoms containing vials with different relaxation times corresponding to the physiological ranges of
tissue values expected to be seen in-vivo. To assess the precision of LiverMultiScan v5 measurements across supported
scanners, in-vivo volunteer data was used. Volunteers participating in the performance testing were representative of
the intended patient population. Inter and intra operator variability was also assessed.

LiverMultiScan v5 underwent performance testing under controlled conditions to corroborate that  it is safe and
effective when used as intended. The performance testing conducted demonstrates that LiverMultiScan v5 is at least
as safe and effective as the predicate devices.

Conclusion
LiverMultiScan v5 has the same intended use and similar technological characteristics as the predicate devices,
LiverMultiScan v4 and Ferriscan. Software and Performance testing corroborate the differences between the subject
device and the predicates do not result in a new intended use and do not raise any questions of safety and effectiveness.
It can be concluded that LiverMultiScan v5 is substantially equivalent to the listed predicate devices.


                                                                                       Page 11 of 11LMSv5 510(k) Summary v2.0
                                                                                                               Uncontrolled if printed