April 5, 2022
Philips Oy
℅ Anne-Sophie Glantenay
Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist
Äyritie 4
Vantaa, 01510
Finland

Re: K214081
    Trade/Device Name: MRCAT Head & Neck
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.5050
    Regulation Name: Medical Charged-Particle Radiation Therapy System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MUJ
    Dated: December 23, 2021
    Received: December 27, 2021

Dear Anne-Sophie Glantenay:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K214081 - Anne-Sophie Glantenay                                                      Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                         Julie Sullivan -S

                                                    Julie M. Sullivan, PhD
                                         Branch Chief
                                           Nuclear Medicine and Radiation Therapy Branch
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

TypeFORM                                      of
                                                                                                                                                         Neck                                                                                                                   and MRCAT          Indication           estimation MRCATlnd.cator’s           MRCATDevice     K214081510(k)                                                         UseFDA                of
                                                                                                                                        for                                                                                                                                                                                                  Head                              andtimeThe                                                                                      for                                                                                                                                                                                                      Name          Number                                    this3881                                                                                                                                        Use  &        (if                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            region. Head                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       imaging         “An                                       *DO                                   (Se/ect                                                                                                                      and    use:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           purposes is                                                           reviewtoburden(6120)                                                         one                                                                                       in                             thereview                                      NOT                                               time                                                                                                                                                             Neck                                                        This        or                   agency                                                      information                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Prescription                                         is                                                      (Describe)         Neck                known)                                   for                                 both,                                                                                                                                                                                                    intended         may                                   SEND                                                                                                                                                                                  photon                                               this               Use as                                                 to                                                                                                          DEPARTMENT                                                                                                  section                                                                                                                                                                 Food          not                                                                                                   collectioninstructions,                    of                                                                                          OF                                                                                                  collection,                                                   YOUR                   (Part                                                                                                                                                                                           indicated                                             and                                   21                                                                                                                                                                                                       external                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       provide                                                                                                                      for                                                                                                  applies                                                                                                                    collection                                                                search                       conduct                                                                                                                                                                                                                          applicable)                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Drug                         information                                                                                                                                     the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                HEALTH                       of                                                     CFR      or                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Indications                                                                                                                                                                              beam                                                        only                                                                                including                                                                                                                      information.      to     CONTINUE   801                                    OfficeFood              untess                                                             existing                                                                                     for   AND     it      of                                                    COMPLETED    ON                     and                                       Send                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   operator                      sponsor          Paperwork                A                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                radiotherapy                                           data                                                                              Department                                                                                                                                information                                                                                                                           Subpart                                                                                                             Use  AdministrationHUMAN                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         radiotherapy with                              ChietDrugof  suggestions   is FORM       D)Page  aand1          displays                           for                                                 requirements  a                   TO
of                                                                               commentssources,     of                                                                                                                                                                                                                           treatment1                                     Reduction          Health                  person    PRAStafffda.hhs.qov                                      THE the     SEPARATE                                                                                                         estimated                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                SERVICES               ActInformation  and      is            D                                                                        reducing    gatherto                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Ireatment information                    currently          not                                         Administration               PRA                                                                                        regarding                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          planning        of                          (PRA)           this                                and                PAGE           va/id                    Officer    Human                                       this          IF                                                                    for                                                                                 average            Paperwork                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               planning.                                                                STAFF                                                                                                                                                                                        tissue       0MBrequired                          Staff                   burden,   79      to                                                     maintain                                                              Services to:burden                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          patients                                thehours EMAIL             NEEDED.               Over-The-Counter                                                                                                                              Reduction                  number.”                                                    Use                                                                                   with                                          properties                         See     Form                     respond                           dataper    Act                                                                              estimate
         to,                            of        (21                                                                                   soft            for                          PRA  Expiration   a            or                                                                                         ADDRESS                             anyneededresponse,       1995.                                                    CFR                                                                                                                            tissue                                                                         Date: Approved:                                and                  801                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         radiation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Statement                              collection                             other                                                                                                                                                                        0MB      of                                                              BELOW.*                                                                                                                                                        tumors                                                                                                                                                                        No.                                                                                                        including                                                                                                                          Subpart                                         in                                                                    below 06/3012023                                                          aspectcomplete                                   C)                                   the                                                                                                                      the                                              attenuation  PScPbl3O,4J.fl                                                                                                                                                             Head                                                                                                                                                    0910-0120
FE

Philips Oy

                                                            K214081

                        510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness


 This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is prepared in accordance with
 21 CFR §807.92.


Date             April 05, 2022
Prepared:
Manufacturer:   Philips Oy
                   Äyritie 4
              01510 Vantaa, Finland

                Establishment Registration Number: 9680194

Primary         Jan van de Kerkhof
Contact           Sr. Manager Regulatory Affairs
Person:        Phone: : +31-613300542
                  E-mail: jan.van.de.kerkhof@philips.com

               Anne-Sophie Glantenay
Secondary        Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist
Contact        Phone: +31-611531002
Person           E-mail: anne-sophie.glantenay@philips.com

Device Name:  MRCAT Head & Neck

Classification:    Classification Name:       Medical charged-particle radiation therapy
                                       system (accessory for)
                   Classification Regulation:  21 CFR §892.5050
                   Classification Panel:        Radiology
                Device Class:               Class II
                Product code:         MUJ (System, Planning, Radiation Therapy
                                        Treatment)

Predicate       Trade Name:          MRCAT Brain
Device:                Manufacturer:              Philips Oy


 Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submission
 Philips Oy
 MRCAT Head and Neck

Philips Oy


                 510(k) Clearance:        K193109 (January 24, 2020)
                   Classification Regulation:
                                    21 CFR, Part 892.5050
                   Classification Name:       Radiation Therapy Planning System
                   Classification Panel:        Radiology
                Device Class:               Class II
                Product Code:         MUJ (System, planning, radiation therapy
                                          treatment)

Reference      Trade Name:             AcQPlan 5.0
Device:                Manufacturer:              Philips Medical Systems (Cleveland), Inc.
                 510(k) Clearance:        K013644 (September 12, 2002)
                   Classification Regulation:
                                    21 CFR, Part 892.5840
                   Classification Name:       Radiation Therapy Planning System
                   Classification Panel:        Radiology
                Device Class:               Class II
                Product Code:         MUJ (System, planning, radiation therapy
                                          treatment)


Device
description:    MRCAT Head & Neck is a software application to Ingenia, Ingenia Ambition,
              and Ingenia Elition MR systems. MRCAT Head & Neck is available to the
               customer as an option to Ingenia MR-RT package, which is a set of
                 accessories for Ingenia systems.

              Automated generation of MRCAT images takes place at the MR console of
                  Ingenia. The embedded image post-processing runs in the background
                   parallel to image acquisition. MRCAT algorithm enables automatic tissue
                  characterization: Bones are segmented from mDixon in-phase and water
               images using machine learning based segmentation. Body outline is
              segmented using in-phase and water images. Tissues are then assigned a
              continuum of HU values depending on the fat and water intensities of the
                  voxels. The HU assignment provides MRCAT images with CT-like density
                 information.


 Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submission
 Philips Oy
 MRCAT Head and Neck

Philips Oy


Indications for  Intended Use:
Use:
            MRCAT imaging is intended to provide the operator with information of
                  tissue properties for radiation attenuation estimation purposes in photon
                 external beam radiotherapy treatment planning.

                  Indications for use:

            MRCAT Head and Neck is indicated for radiotherapy treatment planning for
                 patients with soft tissue tumors in the Head and Neck region.

Fundamental
Scientific      MRCAT Head and Neck functionality is implemented as a software plug-in
Technology:     for the MR main software, and it contains the following main features:

                     1)     Automatic post-processing tool delivering MRCAT images
                     2)    Examcard with mDixon imaging protocol
                     3)    DICOM export of MRCAT image.

            MRCAT Image Generation

            MRCAT images are generated with an ExamCard post-processing step, which
                uses the images from the previous mDixon scan.

              The post-processing logic takes care of launching MRCAT algorithm
                executable calculating a new 3D MRCAT image. The post-processing is
                 started once the acquired mDixon MR images have been reconstructed. The
                      first step of MRCAT generation is to pre-process the images to ensure that
                the MRCAT source images have consistent intensities. The intensity
                normalized images are then used as input in a convolutional neural network
                (CNN). The CNN is trained using matched pairs of CT and MRCAT source
                images. The training of the CNN is locked and is not adapted during use. The
               output of the CNN is post-processed to create images in CT values. The
               generated MRCAT images are checked for correctness to ensure validity of
                the generated MRCAT for radiation treatment. The sanity checks ensure that
                the imaging field of view has been positioned correctly and that the MRCAT
              body outline matches that of the MR. The HU values for the MRCAT Head
              and Neck are calibrated using registered CT images. Once the process is
                 running, post-processing logic exchanges information with the algorithm:

                   •  Image source data to algorithm, and image output data back to the
                        post-processing step
                   •  Progress notifications

 Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submission
 Philips Oy
 MRCAT Head and Neck

Philips Oy


                  •   Error and warning notifications

             The 3D MRCAT image from the post-processing step is stored into the MR
              image database.

            mDIXON scan

            A T1-weighted Fast Field Echo (FFE) 3D mDixon dual echo imaging protocol,
               with imaging parameters optimized for MRCAT image post-processing and
                 for geometric accuracy, is delivered as a part of MRCAT Head and Neck
                option. The mDixon imaging sequence provides two image contrasts for the
           MRCAT algorithm: inphase and water images. MRCAT Head and Neck uses
                 fixed parameters for the mDixon scan, only the image stack location is
                 configurable. An mDixon imaging protocol, with imaging parameters
               optimized for MRCAT image post-processing and for geometric accuracy, is
                delivered as a part of MRCAT Head and Neck option. MRCAT Head and Neck
               uses fixed parameters for mDixon scan, only the image stack location is
                 configurable.

            DICOM Export

             The MRCAT post-processing step stores the image data returned by the
           MRCAT algorithm into MR database.

           MRCAT images can be exported in DICOM format enabling the use as
               primary images in the treatment planning systems

              Hardware platform description

             The new software extensions introduced by MRCAT Head and Neck run on
               the MR console of Ingenia.


              Based on the information provided above, the MRCAT Head and Neck is
               considered substantially equivalent to the primary currently marketed and
                predicate device (K193109, January 24, 2020) in terms of fundamental
                   scientific technology.


Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submission
Philips Oy
MRCAT Head and Neck

Philips Oy


Comparison of
technological
                                               Table 1characteristics
with the          Comparison of the primary currently marketed and predicate device,
predicate            MRCAT Brain versus the proposed MRCAT Head & Neck
device:
                  Device          MRCAT Brain     MRCAT Head & Neck    Similarities
                                                                        and
                                                                                    Differences
                 Manufacturer   Philips Oy                  Philips Oy                   -
                   510(k)       K193109                      -                               -
               Number
                  Product Code  MUJ               MUJ                     Identical
                  Regulation     892.5050               892.5050               Identical
               Number
                  Regulation     Accelerator, Linear,       Accelerator, Linear,     Identical
             Name         Medical                Medical
                  Intended use  MRCAT imaging is      MRCAT imaging is       Identical
                                 intended to provide the  intended to provide
                                 operator with           the operator with
                                  information of tissue     information of tissue
                                    properties for radiation   properties for
                                  attenuation estimation   radiation attenuation
                                purposes in photon      estimation purposes
                                    external                    in photon external
                          beam radiotherapy     beam radiotherapy
                                treatment planning.      treatment planning.
                    Indications    MRCAT Brain is        MRCAT Head and     No significant
                     for use         indicated for           Neck is indicated for    difference.
                                  radiotherapy treatment  radiotherapy                                                           MRCAT Brain                                  planning for primary     treatment planning                                                                      and MRCAT
                             and metastatic brain      for patients with soft                                                                   Head & Neck
                              tumor patients.           tissue tumors in the                                                                                are both
                                                Head and Neck                                                                                     indicated for
                                                           region                                                                                 radiotherapy
                                                                             treatment
                                                                                 planning in a
                                                                                defined
                                                                                       region.
                                                                                    Brain tumors
                                                                                are soft tissue
                                                                              tumors.


 Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submission
 Philips Oy
 MRCAT Head and Neck

Philips Oy


                 Primary      MRCAT             MRCAT                 Identical
                image
                  dataset
                 Secondary     mDixon, MRI           mDixon, MRI            Identical
                image                                   MR images
                  dataset                                                     obtained in
                                                                              the same
                                                                             imaging
                                                                                   session are
                                                                                    inherently in
                                                                              the same
                                                                        frame of
                                                                                    reference.
                   Registration    Secondary mDixon MR   Secondary mDixon    No significant
               between       image, source data to   MR image, source      difference
                 primary and   MRCAT, is inherently     data to MRCAT, is                                                                           Secondary MR
                 secondary      registered as part of      inherently registered                                                                         images are
                image       MRCAT algorithm with   as part of MRCAT                                                                             obtained in
                  datasets     MRCAT image, which     algorithm with                                                                              the same
                                      simplifies workflow.    MRCAT image, which                                                                             imaging
                                                                  simplifies workflow.                               Other MR images, like                           session
                          T2w and fiducial         Other MR images,      reducing the
                              marker detection          like T2w images are     possibility of
                               images are registered     registered using tools   patient
                                  using tools available in    available in RTP       motion
                            RTP system             system             between
                                                                               images.
                 Primary      MRCAT image intensity  MRCAT image           Identical.
                image          information is provided   intensity information                                                           MRCAT Brain
                  density          in Hounsfield Unit (HU)    is provided in                                                                     and MRCAT
                  information    values.                  Hounsfield Unit (HU)                                                                  Head & Neck
                                                               values.                                                                         both have
                                                                              continuous
                                                        HU value
                                                                              approach.


Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submission
Philips Oy
MRCAT Head and Neck

Philips Oy


                 Conversion     Primary image HU       Primary image HU    No significant
                from primary   values are converted to   values are converted   difference
                image to        densities through        to densities through                                                           MRCAT has
                  density         density table specific     density table specific                                                                                             specific
                  values used     for the MRCAT.           for the MRCAT.                                                                                   density table
                    in dose                                                                                    that is used in
                   calculation                                                                         a similar
                                                                  manner to CT
                                                                                             specific
                                                                                   density tables.
             MRCAT       Bones are segmented    Bones are segmented  No significant
                  algorithm     from mDixon in-phase   from mDixon in-        difference
                             and water images using  phase and water                                                                          Segmentation
                              machine learning based  images using                                                                                                                 is done for
                                 segmentation. The      machine learning                                                                         both MRCAT
                             segmented bones are    based segmentation.                                                                                   Brain and
                                       in skull, upper C-spine    The segmented                                                           MRCAT Head
                             and jaw.               bones are in skull, C-                                                    & Neck using
                                                               spine, jaw, and                             Body outline is                                the mDIXON
                                                         shoulder girdle.                             segmented using in-                         image
                              phase and water        Body outline is          contrasts.
                                 images.               segmented using in-   HU value
                                                     phase and water       assignment is                             Bones are assigned a
                                                         images.             done based                              continuum of HU
                                                                  on mDixon                                  values between dense   Bones are assigned a
                                                                       image                                       cortical bone and light   continuum of HU
                                                                                               intensities.                              spongy bone depending  values between
                            on the fat and water     dense cortical bone
                                       intensities of the        and light spongy      The models
                                     voxels.               bone depending on    used are
                                                        the fat and water      equivalent in                                    Soft tissue are assigned
                                                                   intensities of the       relation to                               a continuum of HU
                                                                voxels.              dose and                                  values depending on
                                                                                      positioning                                the fat and water         Soft tissue are
                                                                                   accuracy.                                       intensities of the         assigned a
                                     voxels.                continuum of HU      Both
                                                           values depending on   algorithms are                             The HU values for the
                                                        the fat and water       locked; they                         MRCAT Brain are                                                                   intensities of the      do not change                                    calibrated using
                                                                voxels.                  after                                   registered CT images
                                                                                             installation                              from several sites.       The HU values for the
                                                                         based on new                                          MRCAT Head & Neck                         MRCAT Brain algorithm                        data during                                                         are calibrated using                                               is fully trained before                          the use.
                                product release, after


Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submission
Philips Oy
MRCAT Head and Neck

Philips Oy


                              which the algorithm is    registered CT images
                                   locked.                from several sites.
                                          MRCAT Head & Neck
                                                          algorithm is fully
                                                            trained before
                                                       product release, after
                                                    which the algorithm
                                                                                  is locked.
                   Patient         Ingenia MR-RT with      Ingenia MR-RT with   No significant
                   positioning   MRCAT Brain supports   MRCAT Head & Neck   difference
                     MR Only simulation      supports MR Only                                                                      The visibility
                                with relative patient      simulation with                                                                                    of bone
                                 marking.                   relative patient                                                                                     structures is
                                                         marking.                                   Patient positioning in                            equivalent for
                                the treatment machine   Patient positioning in  both
                             must be checked either   the treatment         products.
                                with cone beam        machine must be
                            computed tomography   checked either with
                                 (CBCT) or plain         cone beam
                                 radiographs by         computed
                                     registering bone        tomography (CBCT)
                                     structures.              or plain radiographs
                                                    by registering bone
                                                                structures.


Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submission
Philips Oy
MRCAT Head and Neck

Philips Oy


               Dose         The simulated dose      The simulated dose     Identical
                  accuracy      based on MRCAT Brain   based on MRCAT                                                                      The same
                               images shall not differ   Head & Neck images                                                                        dose
                                       in 95% of the indicated    shall not differ in                                                                                  evaluation
                                   patients (gamma       95% of the indicated                                                                       methodology
                                     analysis criterion         patients (gamma                                                                                                                 is used for
                        2%/2mm realized in       analysis criterion                                                                         both                         98% of voxels within    2%/2mm realized in                                                                                  products. The
                                the PTV or exceeding    98% of voxels within                                                                                                 criteria are
                         75% of the maximum     the PTV or exceeding                                                                                   selected
                                 dose) when compared   75% of the maximum                                                                         based on the
                                with CT-based plan.      dose) when                                                                        needs of the
                                                 compared with CT-                             The average simulated                             application.
                                                    based plan.                              dose based on MRCAT
                                   Brain shall not deviate   The average
                           more than 5% or 1 Gy,    simulated dose based
                              which ever is greater, in  on MRCAT Head &
                         99% of the indicated     Neck shall not
                                   patients in the volume    deviate more than
                                   of sensitive organs     5% or 1 Gy, which
                          when compared with     ever is greater, in
                             CT based plan.        99% of the indicated
                                                             patients in the
                                                  volume of sensitive
                                                        organs when
                                                 compared with CT
                                                    based plan.

                Geometric    MRCAT accuracy:      MRCAT accuracy:       Identical
                  accuracy                             ± 1 mm accuracy: 200    ± 1 mm accuracy:
                  mm diameter sphere    200 mm diameter
                                                       sphere                             ± 2 mm accuracy: 400
                  mm diameter sphere    ± 2 mm accuracy:
                                     (limited in the bore      400 mm diameter
                                    direction by +/- 160      sphere (limited in the
                  mm from the z=0 mm    bore direction by +/-
                                  plane)                160 mm from the z=0
                                mm plane)                             ± 5 mm accuracy: 500
                  mm diameter sphere    ± 5 mm accuracy:
                                     (limited in the bore      500 mm diameter
                                    direction by +/- 160      sphere (limited in the
                  mm from the z=0 mm    bore direction by +/-
                                  plane)                160 mm from the z=0
                                mm plane)


Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submission
Philips Oy
MRCAT Head and Neck

Philips Oy


             MRCAT      mDIXON 3D scan with   mDIXON 3D scan     No significant
                  source         acquired voxel size of    with acquired voxel    difference
                  imaging        1.10/1.10/1.40 mm (1.5   size of 1.2/1.2/1.2                                                                                            In both
                 sequence       T) and 1.1/1.1/1.1 mm  mm (1.5 T) and                                                                                       solutions the
                                        (3T), and                 1.1/1.1/1.1 mm (3T),                                                                                         essential
                                  bandwidth/pixel 481Hz  and bandwidth/pixel                                                                            parameters
                                      (1.5T) or 868Hz (3T).     481Hz (1.5T) or                                                                                are locked to
                                                   868Hz (3T).                            Most scanning                                 avoid user
                                parameters locked      Most scanning         errors
                                                       parameters locked      potentially
                                                                                         affecting the
                                                                                accuracy and
                                                                                                       reliability of
                                                                              the method.
                                                                      The voxel
                                                                                             sizes do not
                                                                                                differ
                                                                                                  significantly.
              DICOM RT     yes                     yes                      Identical
                  export

Summary of
Non-Clinical    The MRCAT Head and Neck complies with the following international and
Performance    FDA-recognized consensus standards:
Data:
                 International and FDA-recognized consensus standards:
                   •  ANSI/AAMI ES60601-1: 2012, Medical electrical equipment - Part 1:
                      General requirements for basic safety and essential performance
                   •  IEC 60601-1-6:2010, Medical electrical equipment - Part 1-6:
                      General requirements for safety - Collateral standard: Usability.
                   •  IEC 60601-2-33:2015, Medical electrical equipment - Part 2-33:
                          Particular requirements for the safety of magnetic resonance
                    equipment for medical diagnosis.
                   •  IEC 62304:2016, Medical device software - Software life-cycle
                       processes
                   •  IEC 62366-1:2020, Medical devices – Application of usability
                       engineering to medical devices
                   •  ISO 14971:2019, Medical devices – Application of risk management
                       to medical devices


 Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submission
 Philips Oy
 MRCAT Head and Neck

Philips Oy


                 Non-Clinical verification and or validation tests have been performed with
                regards  to  the  intended  use,  the  technical  claims,  the  requirement
                  specifications and the risk management results.

                 Non-Clinical verification and or validation test results demonstrate that the
            MRCAT Head and Neck:
                   •  Complies with the aforementioned international and FDA-recognized
                      consensus standards
                   •  Meets the acceptance criteria and is adequate for its intended use.

                 Therefore, the MRCAT Head and Neck is substantially equivalent to the
                primary currently marketed and predicate device (K193109, January 24,
               2020) in terms of safety and effectiveness.


Summary of    The resulting dose accuracy for MRCAT Head and Neck is similar to CT. The
Clinical Data:   PTV dose differences obtained when using MRCAT in place of CT are well
              below 1% with a very small bias, and therefore clinically insignificant.

              The dose analysis was further expanded with artificial PTV analysis, using
              PTVs that were automatically placed around the head and neck region. The
                  results for the artificial PTVs agreed well with the clinical plan results and
                strengthen the conclusion that MRCAT provides accurate dose calculations
                  for the head and neck region.

                  In summary, the MRCAT Head and Neck images are spatially accurate
                 radiation attenuation estimates that can aid in the EBRT planning of soft
                  tissue tumors in the head and neck region.

Substantial
Equivalence    The MRCAT Head and Neck is substantially equivalent to the primary
Conclusion:      currently marketed and predicate device (K193109, January 24, 2020) in
               terms of design features, fundamental scientific technology, indications for
                 use, and safety and effectiveness. Additionally, substantial equivalence was
               demonstrated with non-clinical performance (verification and validation)
                   tests, which complied with the requirements specified in the international
              and FDA-recognized consensus standards, IEC 62304, IEC 62366-1 and ISO
               14971. The results of these tests demonstrate that MRCAT Head and Neck
             met the acceptance criteria and is adequate for this intended use.


 Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submission
 Philips Oy
 MRCAT Head and Neck