Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
℅ John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth St.
WASHINGTON DC 20004
                                                          March 14, 2022Re: K214043
    Trade/Device Name: BriefCase
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QFM
    Dated: February 28, 2022
    Received: February 28, 2022

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K214043 - John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.                                                     Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Diretor
                                             Division of Radiological Health
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                           and Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                 Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                    Indications for Use                              See PRA Statement below
510(k) Number (if known)
K214043

Device Name

BriefCase
Indications for Use (Describe)

BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the analysis of Chest X-Ray images
in adults or transitional adolescents aged 18 and older. The device is intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained
medical specialists in workflow triage by flagging and communication of suspect positive cases with Pneumothorax (Ptx) findings.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and flag suspect cases on a standalone desktop application
in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is notified for suspect cases. Notifications include
compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond
notification. The device does not alter the original medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on their professional
judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the
standard of care.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                       Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)                Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)        ☒                      ☐
                       CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                           This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
          *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
         The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to
          review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the
            collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information
            collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                           Department of Health and Human Services
                                        Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                           Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                            PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
               “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                      information unless it displays a currently valid OMB numbe


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                             Page 1 of 1                                           PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740025EF

510(k) Summary
                             Aidoc Medical, Ltd.’s BriefCase
                                    K214043

Submitter:

                     Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
                    92 Yigal Alon St.
                        Tel-Aviv, Israel
                      Phone: +972-73-7946870

                       Contact Person: N. Epstein, Ph.D.

Date Prepared:       March 2, 2022

Name of Device:       BriefCase

Classification Name:   Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device

Regulatory Class:      Class II

Product Code:      QFM (21.CFR 892.2080)

Predicate Device:     K191556 Behold.ai red dotTM device, Behold.AI Technologies Limited

Device Description

BriefCase is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device. The software system
is based on an algorithm programmed component and consists of a standard off-the-shelf operating system,
the Microsoft Windows server 2012 64bit, and additional applications, which include PostgreSQL, DICOM
module and the BriefCase Image Processing Application.

The device consists of the following three modules: (1) Aidoc Hospital Server (AHS) for image acquisition;
(2) Aidoc Cloud Server (ACS) for image processing; and (3) Aidoc Worklist Application for workflow
integration.

DICOM images are received, saved, filtered and de-identified before processing. Filtration matches metadata
fields with keywords. Series are processed chronologically by running the algorithms on each series to detect
suspected cases. The software then flags suspect cases by sending passive notifications to the Worklist
desktop application, thereby facilitating triage and prioritization by the user. As the BriefCase software
platform harbors several triage algorithms, the user may opt to filter out notifications by pathology, e.g., a
chest radiologist may choose to filter out notifications on LVO cases, and a neuro-radiologist would opt to
divert PE notifications. Where several medical centers are linked to a shared PACS, a user may read cases
for a certain center but not for another, and thus may opt to filter out notification by center. Activating the
filter does not impact the order in which notifications are presented in the Aidoc worklist application.

The Worklist application displays all incoming suspect cases, each notified case in a line. Hovering over a
line in the worklist pops up a compressed, low-quality, grayscale, unannotated image that is captioned “not
for  diagnostic  use”  and   is  displayed  as  a  preview  function.  This  compressed  preview   is
meant for informational purposes only, does not contain any marking of the findings, and is not intended for
primary diagnosis beyond notification.

Presenting the users with worklist prioritization facilitates earlier triage by prompting the user to assess the
relevant original images in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention earlier than would have been
the case in the standard of care practice alone.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the analysis
of Chest X-Ray cases in adults or transitional adolescents aged 18 and older. The device is intended to assist
hospital networks and appropriately trained medical specialists in workflow triage by flagging and
communication of suspect positive cases with Pneumothorax (Ptx) findings.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and flag suspect cases on a standalone
desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is notified for
suspect cases. Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes
only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical
image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on
their professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians are
responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The subject BriefCase and the predicate red dot™ device (K191556) are nearly identical, as explained below.

Both devices are radiological computer-aided triage and notification software programs. Both devices are
artificial intelligence deep-learning algorithms incorporating software packages for use with DICOM 3.0
compliant CT scanners, PACS, and radiology workstations. Both devices are intended to aid in triage and
prioritization of radiological images. Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the
sense that they do not change the original image, and do not remove cases from the standard of care queue
or de-prioritize them. In addition, performance testing demonstrates that both devices have similar
performance.

Thus, the subject and predicate devices raise the same types of safety and effectiveness questions, namely,
accurate detection of findings within the processed study. It is important to note again that, like the predicate,
the subject device neither removes cases from the standard of care reading queue, nor de-prioritize them and
does not modify the image. Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care, which remains the default
option for all cases.

A table comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.

Table 1. Key Feature Comparison
                              Predicate Device                              Subject Device
                    Behold.ai red dot™ device (K191556)              Aidoc Briefcase (K214043)
Intended Use /   The red dot™ software platform is a software    BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage
Indications for   workflow tool designed to aid the clinical       and notification software indicated for use in the
Use             assessment of adult Chest XRay cases with                                                                     analysis of Chest X-Ray cases in adults or
                   features suggestive of Pneumothorax in the                                                                          transitional adolescents aged 18 and older. The
                 medical care environment. red dot™ analyzes
                                                                device is intended to assist hospital networks                  cases
                 using an artificial intelligence algorithm to       and appropriately trained medical specialists in
                   identify suspected findings. It makes case-level   workflow triage by flagging and communication
                  output available to a PACS/ workstation for      of suspect positive cases with Pneumothorax
                  worklist prioritization or triage. red dot™ is not   (Ptx) findings.
                  intended to direct attention to specific portions
                  of an image or to anomalies other than
                                                              BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence
                Pneumothorax. Its results are not intended to be
                                                                algorithm to analyze images and flag suspect                used on a stand-alone basis for clinical
                 decision-making nor is it intended to rule out     cases on a standalone desktop application in
                Pneumothorax or otherwise preclude clinical      parallel to the ongoing standard of care image
                 assessment of X-Ray cases.                        interpretation. The user is notified for suspect
                                                                       cases. Notifications include compressed preview
                                                           images that are meant for informational purposes
                                                              only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond
                                                                          notification. The device does not alter the
                                                                       original medical image and is not intended to be
                                                            used as a diagnostic device.

                                                     The results of BriefCase are intended to be used
                                                                        in conjunction with other patient information
                                                         and based on their professional judgment, to
                                                                             assist with triage/prioritization of medical
                                                               images. Notified clinicians are responsible for
                                                            viewing full images per the standard of care.

User population   Trained clinicians                              Appropriately trained medical specialists
Anatomical      Chest                                       Chest
region
Data            Chest X-ray                                  Chest X-ray
acquisition
protocol
Notification-     Yes (passive)                            Yes
only, parallel
workflow tool
Images       DICOM                         DICOM
format
Interference      No. No cases are removed from               No. No cases are removed from
with standard     Worklist or de-prioritized.                        worklist or de-prioritized
workflow
Algorithm         Artificial intelligence algorithm with database     Artificial intelligence algorithm with database of
                  of images                                   images
Structure            -  Image input, validation and anonymization     - AHS module (image acquisition).
                       -  Image Analysis Algorithm                         - ACS module (image processing).
                       - PACS Integration Feature                          -  Aidoc Worklist application for workflow
                                                                          integration (worklist and non-diagnostic
                                                                       basic Image Viewer).

Performance Data

Pivotal Study Summary
Performance data were collected on an entirely new data set of Pneumothorax images in a retrospective,
blinded, multicenter, multinational study. Cases and reports were selected that have not been previously
reviewed using BriefCase. No patient data were reused between the training and the clinical validation
datasets. Ground truthing was performed by two radiologists with an additional third radiologist to resolve
inconsistencies.

Primary Endpoint
The primary endpoint was to evaluate the software’s performance in identifying Pneumothorax in chest Xray exams, in 619 cases from 5    clinical study sites (4   US-based study sites, 1 OUS, 89% of the cases
were collected from the US sites). There were 139 positive reports and 480 negative reports (reports on
images with Ptx versus without Ptx) included in the analysis.

The mean age of patients whose scans were reviewed in the study was 59.3 years, with standard deviation
of 19.8 years. Gender distribution was 51.3% male, and 48.7% female. Ethnicity distribution within the study
data patient population was unavailable. Further, additional characteristics of the data set can be found
below:

                         Table 2. Frequency Distribution of Manufacturer


                                Manufacturer    N    %


                                        Philips        45     7.3%


                            FUJIFILM
                                  Corporation      94    15.2%


                             Canon Inc.      97    15.7%


                     GE Healthcare     33     5.3%


                                 Carestream      285    46.0%


                                Siemens       65    10.5%


                                       Total        619   100.0%


In addition, to make sure that the Pneumothorax negative cases are representative of the intended-use
population, for every Report-negative case (“suspected negative” as defined by the case selector, during the
case selection phase), the report was reviewed to identify the existence of other pathologies within the scan.

Table 3. Distribution of Pathologies in Report-Negative Cases


               Pathology      N    %


              Fully Negative       270   60.8%


          Lung Pathologies     117   26.4%


           Cardiac Pathologies     15    3.4%


                Vascular         14    3.2%


             Inflammatory        9     2.0%
             (Pneumonia)


                 Other           8     1.8%


             Diaphragmatic        4     0.9%
               Pathologies


               Post-Op          3     0.7%


              Trauma          2     0.5%


              Mechanical         1     0.2%


                Neoplastic         1     0.2%

AUC was 0.969 (95% CI: 0.954, 0.985), Sensitivity was 94.2% (95% CI: 89.9%, 97.8%) and Specificity
was 90.8% (95% CI: 88.1%, 93.1%). As the AUC exceeded 0.95% and sensitivity and specificity both
exceeded 80%, the study’s primary endpoints were met.

Three operating points for the BriefCase algorithm were evaluated. Lower confidence limits for AUC,
sensitivity and specificity were all above the pre-specified performance goals for all chosen operating points,
demonstrating that the pre-specified performance goals were met.

Secondary Endpoint
Briefcase’s potential clinical benefit of worklist prioritization for true positive Pneumothorax cases was
evaluated by comparing the software’s time-to-notification metric to that of the predicate.

The time-to-notification (TTN) metric includes the time to obtain the DICOM exam, de-identify it, upload
it to the cloud, analyze and send a notification on a positive suspect case back to the worklist application.
The TTN metric was measured for True Positive cases (i.e., identified as positive both by the reviewers as
well as the BriefCase device), and the results compared to the predicate are reported in the Table 4   below.

The BriefCase time-to-notification for Pneumothorax was 13.1 seconds (95% CI: 10.6   -15.7     ; Median
11.8, IQR 15.8), thus shown to be substantially similar to the predicate red dotTM time-to-notification which
was reported to be 13.8 seconds (95% CI: 10.9    -13.0      ; Median 14.5, IQR 8.56). Furthermore, the
predicate demonstrated the benefit of triage compared to the standard of care for pneumothorax.

                      Table 4     . TTN Comparison Subject & Predicate
             Time-to-     Mean     95%      95%
                                                      Median   IQR
              notification    estimate   Lower CL   Upper CL
              BriefCase       13.1         10.6          15.7        11.8       15.8
           Red dotTM       13.8         10.9          13.0        14.5       8.56

NPV was 99.3% (95% CI: 98.6%-99.6%) and PPV was 53.3 % (95% CI: 46.2%-60.3%).
PLR was 10.28% (95% CI: 7.73%-13.67%) and NLR was 0.06 % (95% CI: 0.03%-0.12%).

Thus, the reported TTN metric data demonstrates that BriefCase users may have the opportunity to be
involved in the clinical workflow of true positive Pneumothorax cases on the same timeframe as the
predicate. Performance validation data suggest that when using the subject BriefCase, the users may have
the same benefit in time saving as with using the red dot.

Conclusion
The subject BriefCase and the predicate red dotTM devices are both intended to aid in prioritization and triage
of radiological images for the indications of Pneumothorax. Both devices are software packages with similar
technological characteristics and principles of operation, both incorporating deep learning AI algorithms that
process images, to triage of radiological images, independent of standard of care workflow.

Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not change the
original image, do not provide any marking on the output preview, and do not remove images from the
standard of care FIFO queue, thus not disturbing standard interpretation of the images by the users. In
addition, performance testing demonstrates that Briefcase has similar performance compared to the predicate
device.

The BriefCase device is thus substantially equivalent to the predicate red dot™.