April 29, 2022

Oxehealth Limited
Iain Charlton
Head of Engineered Compliance
Magdalen Centre North, The Oxford Science Park
Oxford, OX4 4GA
United Kingdom

Re: K220899
    Trade/Device Name: Oxehealth Vital Signs
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2785
    Regulation Name: Software For Optical Camera-Based Measurement Of Pulse Rate, Heart Rate,
                      Breathing Rate, And/Or Respiratory Rate
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QME
    Dated: March 14, 2022
    Received: March 28, 2022

Dear Iain Charlton:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K220899 - Iain Charlton                                                               Page 2


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                        Shruti N. Mistry -S
                                              for
                                                Jennifer Shih
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                Diagnostics and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K220899
Device Name
Oxehealth Vital Signs
Indications for Use (Describe)
The Oxehealth Vital Signs device is intended for noninvasive spot measurement of pulse rate and estimated breathing rate
(chest wall movements) when the subject is still. It is software assessing video footage from a fixed-installation solution
for use within single occupancy rooms within hospitals, general care and secured environments with professional
healthcare oversight and where a framework exists which mandates periodic checks by a trained professional to ensure
subject safety.
The Oxehealth system is intended for use by appropriately trained staff with a duty of care, and should not be used by
untrained users.
The Oxehealth Vital Signs device is indicated for use on humans 18 years of age or older who do not require critical care
or continuous vital signs monitoring.
The device is not intended to be the sole method of checking the physical health of a subject.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K220899


                                             510(k) SUMMARY

                 K220899 Oxehealth’s modified Vital Signs software medical device


       Submitter’s Name, Address, Telephone Number, Contact Person and Date Prepared

       Submitter’s Name:    Iain Charlton

      Address:           Magdalen Centre North
                        The Oxford Science Park
                           Oxford
                     OX4 4GA
                    UK

      Phone:            +44 1865 900599

       Facsimile:         None

      Contact Person:      Iain Charlton

      Date Prepared:      March 14 2022

     Name of Device and Name/Address of Sponsor:

                           Oxehealth Vital Signs

                           Oxehealth Limited
                           (Address as above)

     Common or Usual Name:

                                    Vital Signs

       Classification Name: QME, Software for optical camera-based measurement of pulse rate, heart
                                  rate, breathing rate, and/or respiratory rate.

       Predicate Devices:   Oxehealth Vital Signs version 1.47.0 ( K211906)

      Purpose of the Special 510(k) Notice:

                        The Oxehealth Vital Signs medical device is a modification to Oxehealth Vital
                           Signs version 1.47.0.

       Indications for Use:  The modified Oxehealth Vital Signs is intended to be used for Non-invasive
                             spot check measurements of pulse rate and breathing rate (chest wall
                          movements).


                                        Page 1 of 8

K220899


                        The modified Oxehealth Vital Signs is indicated for use are as follows:

                           “The Oxehealth Vital Signs device is intended for noninvasive spot
                         measurement of pulse rate and estimated breathing rate (chest wall
                         movements) when the subject is still. It is software assessing video footage
                           from a fixed-installation solution for use within single occupancy rooms within
                                hospitals, general care and secured environments with professional
                             healthcare oversight and where a framework exists which mandates periodic
                          checks by a trained professional to ensure subject safety.

                        The Oxehealth system is intended for use by appropriately trained staff with a
                             duty of care, and should not be used by untrained users.

                        The Oxehealth Vital Signs device is indicated for use on humans 18 years of
                         age or older who do not require critical care or continuous vital signs
                               monitoring.

                        The device is not intended to be the sole method of checking the physical
                              health of a subject.”

       Device Description: The modified Oxehealth Vital Signs device uses custom-designed software to
                           read data collected using off-the-shelf cameras. Data collected in this manner
                          can be used to act as a non-contact monitor of pulse and breathing rates for
                                individuals aged 18 and older in single-subject room environments. Video is
                               collected through video cameras installed in each room. When run through
                                proprietary software- controlled algorithms, the software will allow a user to
                      make spot checks for pulse and breathing rates of the individual in the room.
                                Validation testing has demonstrated that the algorithms show pulse and
                              breathing rates that are statistically non-inferior when compared to
                             conventional methods and technology that determine pulse and breathing
                                 rates.

                             Consideration of Special Controls Guidance:

                        The De Novo grant identified several special controls to be applied to
                             products submitted under 21 CFR 870.2785. The following information
                          assesses the special controls in light of the proposed modifications to the
                           Oxehealth Vital Signs device.

                                  (1) A software description and the results of verification and validation testing
                         based on a comprehensive hazard analysis and risk assessment must
                                include:
                                              (i) A full characterization of the software technical parameters, including
                               algorithms;
                                                 (ii) If required image acquisition hardware is not included with the device, full
                                specifications of the hardware requirements and testing to demonstrate the
                               specified hardware ensures adequate data for validated and accurate
                          measurements.


                                        Page 2 of 8

K220899


                                                   (iii) A description of the expected impact of all applicable sensor acquisition
                          hardware characteristics and associated hardware specifications;
                                        (iv) A description of all mitigations for user error or failure of any subsystem
                         components (including signal detection, signal analysis, data display, and
                              storage) on output accuracy; and
                                   (v) Software documentation must include a cybersecurity vulnerability and
                       management process to assure software functionality.

                     A complete set of software documentation, demonstrating that the software
                             Special Controls are met, is described in section VIII (Software) of this
                           submission and objective evidence appended in the identified attachments.

                                  (2) Clinical data must be provided. This assessment must fulfill the following:
                                              (i) The clinical data must be representative of the intended use population for
                              the device. Any selection criteria or sample limitations must be fully described
                         and justified.
                                                 (ii) The assessment must demonstrate output consistency using the expected
                           range of data sources and data quality encountered in the intended use
                              population and environment.
                                                   (iii) The assessment must compare device output with a clinically accurate
                               patient-contacting relevant comparator device in an accurate and
                              reproducible manner.

                                  Clinical evidence was supplied and reviewed in DEN200019. The proposed
                               modifications discussed in this Special 510(k) submission do not affect any of
                              the fundamental principles of operation or performance of the device in
                          measuring pulse rate and estimating breathing rate (chest wall movements).
                                 In addition, the proposed change to use more than one installation of the
                          hardware to apply the software device to two separate, non-overlapping
                           areas of a single room is not intended to change the types of rooms or
                               patients on which the device is used, with the camera installation intended to
                         have the same general positioning and orientation requirements; at a high
                                   level, with a broad field of view of the area in the patient is expected to
                            occupy. The original clinical evidence is still considered applicable now, no
                      new clinical evidence is required, and this Special Control is met.

                                  (3) A human factors and usability engineering assessment must be provided
                                 that evaluates the risk of improper measurement.

                     Human factors and usability engineering assessments were provided and
                           reviewed in DEN200019. The proposed modifications discussed in this
                             Special 510(k) submission do not affect the manner in which the modified
                           Oxehealth Vital Signs device is interfaced with or used, with no new human
                                factors or usability concerns introduced by the use of the software to observe
                              separate, non-overlapping areas in the same room, therefore no new human
                                factors testing is required, and this Special Control is met.

                                  (4) Labeling must include:


                                        Page 3 of 8

K220899


                                              (i) A description of what the device measures and outputs to the user;
                                                 (ii) Warnings identifying sensor acquisition factors or subject conditions or
                                characteristics (garment types/textures, motion, etc.) that may impact
                         measurement results;
                                                   (iii) Guidance for interpretation of the measurements, including a statement
                                 that the output is adjunctive to other physical vital sign parameters and
                                patient information;
                                        (iv) The expected performance of the device for all intended use populations
                         and environments; and
                                   (v) Robust instructions to ensure correct system setup. In addition, this is a
                                prescription device and must comply with 21 CFR 801.109.

                             Labeling complying with special controls are described in section V and the
                          proposed instructions for use are provided in Attachment 01. Relevant
                               information supporting the continued conformance with Special Controls are
                             provided in more detail in Section V (labeling) and Section VIII (Software).

                        The labelling changes identified in Section V (labeling). include minor
                         changes in response to risk analysis of the change to accomodate
                                  installations that may focus on a single occupancy area of a larger physical
                           room. Installation and installation qualification instructions are described in
                           Attachment 21, the Vital Signs-INS-Installation Instructions. Relevant
                               information supporting the continued conformance with Special Controls are
                             provided in more detail in Section V (labeling) and Section VIII (Software).

       Technological Characteristics:

                        The technical specifications for the modified Oxehealth Vital Signs device are
                          as reviewed in DEN200019 and K211906; Oxehealth Vital Signs is a software
                              only medical device, intended to run on standard, off the shelf computing
                          hardware with an off the shelf video camera and infrared illuminator. The
                               technological characteristics of the software are largely unchanged, with
                                 details provided in VIII (Software).

      Performance Data:  As the modified Oxehealth Vital Signs device is solely software, performance
                                 testing is demonstrated through software validation. Therefore this Special
                             510(k) notice is accompanied by software verification and validation testing
                            described further below and provided in Attachment 05.

                        The special controls document additionally requires clinical and human
                                factors evidence to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of the device.
                           Oxehealth has assessed the changes that are proposed for implementation
                                   in the US; as none of them affect the algorithm or the functionality of the
                              software, the evidence supplied in support of DEN200019 is still applicable
                         and does not need to be repeated.


                                        Page 4 of 8

K220899


       Substantial Equivalence:

                        The modified Oxehealth Vital Signs device has the same intended use and
                                 similar indications, principles of operation, and technological characteristics
                          as Oxehealth Vital Signs version 1.47.0. The minor differences in the
                             modified Oxehealth Vital Signs do not raise any new questions of safety or
                               effectiveness as compared to the predicate. Thus, the modified Oxehealth
                                   Vital Signs device is substantially equivalent to its predicate device.


                   Oxehealth Vital Signs       Oxehealth Modified Device  Equivalence
                    Predicate
 Intended Use       Non-invasive spot check       Non-invasive spot check     No change.
                  measurements of pulse rate   measurements of pulse rate
                  and breathing rate (chest     and breathing rate (chest
                       wall movements).              wall movements).
 Indications for    The Oxehealth Vital Signs    The Oxehealth Vital Signs    No change.
 Use                device is intended for         device is intended for
                     noninvasive spot              noninvasive spot
                  measurement of pulse rate    measurement of pulse rate
                  and estimated breathing rate  and estimated breathing rate
                      (chest wall movements)        (chest wall movements)
                 when the subject is still. It is   when the subject is still. It is
                     software assessing video      software assessing video
                     footage from a                footage from a
                         fixed-installation solution for    fixed-installation solution for
                   use within single occupancy   use within single occupancy
                  rooms within hospitals,       rooms within hospitals,
                     general care and secured      general care and secured
                    environments with            environments with
                      professional healthcare        professional healthcare
                      oversight and where a         oversight and where a
                   framework exists which       framework exists which
                  mandates periodic checks by  mandates periodic checks by
                  a trained professional to      a trained professional to
                    ensure subject safety.         ensure subject safety.

                 The Oxehealth system is     The Oxehealth system is
                     intended for use by           intended for use by
                      appropriately trained staff      appropriately trained staff
                      with a duty of care, and        with a duty of care, and
                    should not be used by         should not be used by
                      untrained users.               untrained users.

                 The Oxehealth Vital Signs    The Oxehealth Vital Signs
                     device is indicated for use on  device is indicated for use on
                 humans 18 years of age or    humans 18 years of age or


                                        Page 5 of 8

K220899


                      older who do not require       older who do not require
                            critical care or continuous        critical care or continuous
                            vital signs monitoring.            vital signs monitoring.

                 The device is not intended to  The device is not intended to
                  be the sole method of        be the sole method of
                    checking the physical health   checking the physical health
                        of a subject.                     of a subject.
 Population         Adults not requiring critical     Adults not requiring critical    No change.
                     care                         care
 Where used        Single occupancy rooms       Single occupancy areas        Substantially equivalent.
                       within                           within
                        hospitals, general care and     hospitals, general care and
                    secured environments.        secured environments.

                                                    Single occupancy areas are
                                                  intended to be set up as if
                                                   they are small rooms,
                                                 separated physically within
                                                        larger rooms, with cameras
                                                     continuing to be placed at
                                                   high level and oriented to
                                               observe a wide area the
                                                        patient may move around
                                           and rest in. Installation in
                                           rooms occupied by more
                                                 than one patient is controlled
                                             by Oxehealth, ensuring that
                                                 setup is as originally
                                                     intended, and without
                                                occupied areas overlapping.
 Human Factors    Operation of a software user   Operation of a software user  No change.
                        interface.                        interface.
 Design            Software medical device      Software medical device     No change.
                    designed to extract signals    designed to extract signals
                    from video to and measure    from video to and measure
                     pulse rate and breathing rate   pulse rate and breathing rate
                    from a patient.               from a patient.

                    Software user interface        Software user interface
                    designed to allow users to     designed to allow users to
                     take a spot check             take a spot check
                  measurement of pulse rate    measurement of pulse rate
                  and breathing rate, and to     and breathing rate, and to
                   see previously obtained       see previously obtained
                   measurements.             measurements.


                                        Page 6 of 8

K220899


 Performance       Pulse rate measurement 50   Pulse rate measurement 50   No change.
                        to 130 ± 3 beats per minute*,   to 130 ± 3 beats per minute*,
                  9 second measurement      9 second measurement
                    window.                     window.

                    Estimated breathing rate      Estimated breathing rate
                      (chest wall movements)        (chest wall movements)
                  measurement              measurement
                  8 to 31 ± 2 breaths per       8 to 31 ± 2 breaths per
                      minute*, 30 second            minute*, 30 second
                  measurement window.       measurement window.

                          * Accuracy uses the RMSE     * Accuracy uses the RMSE
                         criterion                          criterion

                    Pulse rate accuracy may be   Pulse rate accuracy may be
                   reduced when the subject     reduced when the subject
                   has a pulse rate greater than  has a pulse rate greater than
                   110 beats per minute.        110 beats per minute.
 User Interface     Web-based user interface     Web-based user interface    No change.
                   accessed by touch screen     accessed by touch screen
                     monitor or mobile device       monitor or mobile device
                     provided and installed by      provided and installed by
                     Oxehealth, exclusively        Oxehealth, exclusively
                      serving the Oxehealth         serving the Oxehealth
                      software.                      software.
 Compatibility      Standard, off the shelf         Standard, off the shelf       No change.
 with Hardware –   computers and mobile        computers and mobile
 computing         devices, specified and         devices, specified and
                         installed by Oxehealth, and     installed by Oxehealth, and
                      validated during installation.    validated during installation.

                                          Newer makes and models
                                                    included according to
                                                       specified minimum
                                               performance requirements.
 Compatibility      Standard, off the shelf         Standard, off the shelf       No change.
 with Hardware –   machine vision camera and   machine vision camera and
 camera &            infrared illuminators, exact     infrared illuminators, exact
 accessories         specification determined by    specification determined by
                    Oxehealth and validated      Oxehealth and validated
                      during installation.             during installation.
 Software        C++ and Node.js; use of      C++, Python and Node.js;      Substantially equivalent.
                          third party libraries.          use of third party libraries.

      Conclusions:         In summary, the company’s modified Oxehealth system has the same
                             intended use as the previously cleared predicate device. In addition, the
                             modified Oxehealth system has very similar technological characteristics,


                                        Page 7 of 8

K220899


                         and principles of operation as its predicates. Although there are minor
                               differences between the modified Oxehealth system and its predicate devices
                          as described above, those differences do not raise new questions of safety or
                                  effectiveness as compared to the predicate. Thus, the modified Oxehealth system is
                                substantially equivalent.


                                        Page 8 of 8