TheraPanacea
℅ Edwin Lindsay
QA/RA consultant
Pépinière Cochin Paris Santé, 29 rue du Faubourg Saint-Jacques
Paris, 75014
FRANCE

Re: K220813
    Trade/Device Name: ART-Plan
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QKB
    Dated: March 16, 2022
    Received: March 21, 2022

Dear Edwin Lindsay:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K220813 - Edwin Lindsay                                                              Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                           Lora D.           DigitallyD. Weidnersigned-S  by Lora
                         Weidner -S  Date:15:08:452022.06.17-04'00'                                                                                             for
                                                    Julie Sullivan, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging and Radiation
                                         Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K220813

Device Name
ART-Plan


Indications for Use (Describe)

ART-Plan is indicated for cancer patients for whom radiation treatment has been planned. It is intended to be used by
trained medical professionals including, but not limited to, radiologists, radiation oncologists, dosimetrists, and medical
physicists.

ART-Plan is a software application intended to display and visualize 3D multi-modal medical image data. The user may
import, define, display, transform and store DICOM3.0 compliant datasets (including regions of interest structures).
These images, contours and objects can subsequently be exported/distributed within the system, across computer networks
and/or to radiation treatment planning systems. Supported modalities include CT, PET-CT, CBCT, 4D-CT and MR
images.

ART-Plan supports AI-based contouring on CT and MR images and offers semi-automatic and manual tools for
segmentation.

To help the user assess changes in image data and to obtain combined multi-modal image information, ART-Plan allows
the registration of anatomical and functional images and display of fused and non-fused images to facilitate the
comparison of patient image data by the user.

With ART-Plan, users are also able to generate, visualize, evaluate and modify pseudo-CT from MRI images.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K220813                    TheraPanacea
                        Traditional 510(k)
                       ART-Plan

                            510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary is submitted in accordance with 21 CFR Part 807, Section 807.92.

Submitter's Name:

TheraPanacea

Submitter's Address:

Pépinière Paris Santé Cochin
29 rue du Faubourg Saint-Jacques
75014 Paris
France

Telephone: +33 9 62 52 78 19

Establishment Registration Number:

3019834893

Contact Person:

Edwin Lindsay

Telephone     +44 (0) 7917134922

Date Prepared:

16 Mar 2022

Below summaries the Device Classification Information regarding the TheraPanacea
ART-Plan:

Primary Product Code:

  Regulation           Device            Device       Product     Classification
   Number                                Class       Code         Panel
   892.2050          Medical image          Class II      QKB         Radiology
                 management and
                    processing system

Device Trade Name:

ART-Plan

Device Common Name:

ART-Plan


Intended Use:


Page 1 of 28

TheraPanacea
                        Traditional 510(k)
                       ART-Plan


ART-Plan is a software for multi-modal visualization, contouring and processing of 3D images
of cancer patients for whom radiotherapy treatment has been prescribed.

It allows the user to view, create and modify contours for the regions of interest. It also allows
to generate automatically, and based on medical practices, the contours for the organs at risk
and healthy lymph nodes and to register combinations of anatomical and functional images.
Contours and images require verifications, potential modifications, and subsequently the
validation of a trained user with professional qualifications in anatomy and radiotherapy before
their export to a Treatment Planning System.

ART-Plan offers the following visualization, contouring and manipulation tools to aid in the
preparation of radiotherapy treatment:

     ●  Multi-modal visualization and rigid- and deformable registration of anatomical and
           functional images such as CT, MR, PET-CT, 4D-CT and CBCT
     ●  Display of fused and non-fused images to facilitate the comparison and delineation
           of image data by the user
     ●  Manual modification and semi-automatic generation of contours for the regions of
            interest
     ●  Automatic generation of contours for organs at risk and healthy lymph nodes, based
        on medical practices, on medical images such as CT and MR images.
     ●  Generation of pseudo-CT for supported anatomies

The device is intended to be used in a radiation therapy clinical setting, by trained
professionals only.

Indications for Use:

ART-Plan is indicated for cancer patients for whom radiation treatment has been planned. It is
intended to be used by trained medical professionals including, but not limited to, radiologists,
radiation oncologists, dosimetrists, and medical physicists.

ART-Plan is a software application intended to display and visualize 3D multi-modal medical
image data. The user may import, define, display, transform and store DICOM3.0 compliant
datasets (including regions of interest structures). These images, contours and objects can
subsequently be exported/distributed within the system, across computer networks and/or  to
radiation treatment planning systems. Supported modalities include CT, PET-CT, CBCT, 4D-CT
and MR images.

ART-Plan supports AI-based contouring on CT and MR images and offers semi-automatic and
manual tools for segmentation.

To help the user assess changes in image data and to obtain combined multi-modal image
information, ART-Plan allows the registration of anatomical and functional images and display
of fused and non-fused images to facilitate the comparison of patient image data by the user.

With ART-Plan, users are also able to generate, visualize, evaluate and modify pseudo-CT
from MRI images.


Page 2 of 28

TheraPanacea
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                      ART-Plan

Summary of Substantial Equivalence:

The following predicate devices have been chosen that the ART-Plan can claim equivalence with and these are detailed below

General Comparison


                                                                                General Information
Property       Proposed Device         Primary              Reference       Reference       Reference       Reference       Reference     Comment
               ART-Plan v1.10.0         Predicate             device           device           device           device           device
                                    ART-Plan             Contour       MIM 4.1      MRCAT Pelvis   MRCAT Brain    Syngo.via RT
                                           v1.6.1                 ProtégéAI                                                  Image Suite


Common        Radiological image        Radiological image      Radiological      System, image    System,          System,          System,
Name           processing software for   processing software    Image             processing,        Planning,          Planning,          Planning,
                   radiation therapy            for radiation therapy    Processing         radiological        Radiation         Radiation         Radiation
                                                                                                                                      N/A
                                                               Software For                      Therapy         Therapy         Therapy
                                                                  Radiation                          Treatment        Treatment        Treatment
                                                           Therapy
Device         TheraPanacea          TheraPanacea       MIM Software,    MIMvista Corp     Philips Medical     Philips Medical    Siemens
Manufacturer                                                        Inc             (now MIM        Systems         Systems          Medical
                                                                                                                                      N/A
                                                                                 Software Inc)                                            Solutions USA,
                                                                                                                                                                   Inc.
510k           N/A                  K202700            K210632        K071964        K182888        K193109        K173635        N/A
Device                 II                                         II                                      II                             II                             II                             II                             II
                                                                                                                                      N/A
Classification
Primary      QKB              QKB             QKB           LLZ          MUJ          MUJ          MUJ           The primary product code
Product Code                                                                                                                                                                                                              is QKB “Radiological
                                                                                                                                      Image Processing
                                                                                                                                                       Software For Radiation
                                                                                                                                                     Therapy” as the software
                                                                                                                                             uses AI algorithms and is
                                                                                                                                                           intended for radiation
                                                                                                                                                                        therapy, just like the
                                                                                                                                                            primary predicate device

Secondary                                                                                                                       As secondary product
Product Code                                                                                                                                          code:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              -   LLZ (System, Image
                LLZ, MUJ             LLZ                            -                         -                         -                         -              LLZ                  Processing,
                                                                                                                                                                           Radiological) was
                                                                                                                                                                   included as the
                                                                                                                                                                 software is used in

Page 3 of 28

TheraPanacea
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                      ART-Plan

                                                                                                                                            image processing and
                                                                                                                            some predicates use it
                                                                                                                                                as primary or
                                                                                                                                                    secondary product
                                                                                                                                                            code;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              -   MUJ (System,
                                                                                                                                                                    Planning, Radiation
                                                                                                                                                 Therapy Treatment)
                                                                                                                                was includes as it is a
                                                                                                                                                                 software used in the
                                                                                                                                                                 planning of
                                                                                                                                                                    radiotherapy
                                                                                                                                                                  treatment and some of
                                                                                                                                                                    the reference devices
                                                                                                                                              use it as their primary
                                                                                                                                            code
Target         Any patient type for      Any patient type for                     Not stated       Any patient with
Population    whom relevant modality  whom relevant                                                      soft tissue       Any patient with
               scan image data is        modality scan data is                                      cancers in the     primary and                     The proposed device has
                  available                  available                                                         pelvic region for   metastatic brain                         identical target
                                                            Not stated                                          tumor for whom   Not stated
                                                                         whom                                                  populations to the primary
                                                                                                                           radiotherapy
                                                                                                         radiotherapy                                     and reference devices.
                                                                                                                          treatment has
                                                                                                       treatment has
                                                                                                       been planned
                                                                                       been planned
Environment    Hospital                   Hospital                 Hospital             Hospital         Hospital           Hospital           Hospital          The proposed device
                                                                                                                                       and predicates have
                                                                                                                                                                                        identical target
                                                                                                                                                      environments

Intended Use/   Intended Use           Intended Use         Intended Use     Intended Use     Intended Use:    Intended Use:    Intended use:                                                                                                                                   The intended use and
Indication for   ART-Plan is a software   ART-Plan is a          Contour        MIM 4.1       MRCAT imaging  MRCAT imaging   Not available in                                                                                                                                                                               indications for use of
Use                for multi-modal           software designed to    ProtégéAI is an   (SEASTAR)         is                      is intended to      the summary                                                                                                                                                                  the proposed device,
                    visualization, contouring   assist the contouring    accessory to      software is        intended to        provide the                                                                                                                                             ART-Plan v1.10.0 and
               and processing of 3D     process of the target   MIM software     intended for       provide the        operator with      Indication for                                                                                                                                                                  the primary predicate
               images of cancer         anatomical regions     used for the        trained medical    operator with      information of     use:                                                                                                                                             ART-Plan v1.6.1 are
                  patients for whom       on 3D-images of        contouring of      professionals      information of      tissue             syngo.via RT                                                                                                                                                                                      similar as they are
                 radiotherapy treatment    cancer patients for      anatomical         including, but not  tissue              properties for     Image Suite is a                                                                                                                                                          both intended for
               has been prescribed.    whom radiotherapy      structures in        limited to,          properties          radiation        3D and 4D                                                                                                                                                         medical image
                                           treatment has been     imaging data       radiologists,        for radiation       attenuation       image                                                                                                                                                                                      registration and
                             It allows the user to       planned.               using              oncologists,       attenuation        estimation          visualization,                                                                                                                                                      segmentation in the
                  view, create and modify   The SmartFuse         machine-learnin   physicians,        estimation        purposes in        multimodality                                                                                                                                                                   context of radiotherapy
                 contours for the regions   module allows the      g-based          medical          purposes         photon external    manipulation                                                                                                                                                                treatment planning:
                   of interest. It also allows   user to register          algorithms         technologists,      in photon       beam           and
                   to generate              combinations of         automatically.      dosimetrists and   external beam     radiotherapy       contouring tool                                                                                                                                                               they allow multi-modal
                   automatically, and        anatomical and         Appropriate        physicists.         radiotherapy                            that helps the                                                                                                                                       and mono-modal rigid               based on medical

Page 4 of 28

TheraPanacea
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                      ART-Plan

                   practices, the contours     functional images and  image                               treatment         treatment          preparation and     deformable registration
                     for the organs at risk       display them with        visualization     MIM 4.1           planning.          planning.         response              for the same modalities
               and healthy lymph        fused and non-fused    software must    (SEASTAR) is a                                   assessment of       of images (CT, MR, PET)
               nodes and to register      displays to facilitate    be used to        medical image     Indications for    Indications for    treatments such
                combinations of           the comparison and     review and, if     and information   Use:             use:               as, but not          they allow automatic
                 anatomical and            delineation of image    necessary, edit   management                                                 limited to those      segmentation of
                   functional images.        data by the user.         results           system that is    MRCAT Pelvis   MRCAT is        performed with       organs-at-risk and lymph
                Contours and images    The images created     automatically      intended to          is indicated for     indicated for       radiation (for       nodes on injected and
                  require verifications,       with rigid or elastic      generated by      receive, transmit,  radiotherapy       radiotherapy      example,            non-injected CT images
                   potential modifications,    registration require     Contour            store, retrieve,     treatment         treatment         Brachytherapy,      using deep learning
               and subsequently the      verifications, potential   ProtégéAI.         display, print and  planning of soft    planning for        Particle             algorithms
                   validation of a trained      modifications, and      Contour          process digital     tissue cancers     primary and       Therapy,
                 user with professional     then the validation of    ProtégéAI is not   medical images,    in the pelvic       metastatic brain   External            they allow the import,
                    qualifications in         a trained user with      intended to       as well as create,  region.           tumor patients    Beam Radiation     manipulation,
               anatomy and              professional             detect or           display and print                                       Therapy).             visualisation, generation
                 radiotherapy before        qualifications in         contour lesions.    reports from those                                                                It provides tools    and the export of DICOM
                     their export to a         anatomy and                            images. The                                                to efficiently        images
                Treatment Planning       radiotherapy.           Indications for    medical                                             view existing
                System.                 With the Annotate     Use               modalities of                                            contours,
                                        module, users can      Trained medical   these medical                                             create, edit,       The intended for the
               ART-Plan offers the        edit manually and       professionals     imaging systems                                         modify, copy       proposed device has
                   following visualization,     semi-automatically     use Contour       include, but are                                        contours of        been adapted to
                 contouring and            the contours for the     ProtégéAI as a    not limited to, CT,                                       regions of           provide a more specific
                 manipulation tools to      regions of interest. It     tool to assist in    MRI, CR, DX,                                           the body, such       description of the
                  aid in the preparation of   also allows to           the automated    MG, US, SPECT,                                   as but not          proposed device but
                 radiotherapy treatment:   generate               processing of    PET and XA as                                              limited to, skin      does not represent a
                                               automatically, and        digital medical     supported by                                                  outline, targets     new intended use,
                        - Multi-modal           based on medical      images of       ACR/NEMA                                     and                except for the
                   visualization and rigid-     practices, the           modalities CT    DICOM 3.0.                                                organs-at-risk. It     additional claims for
               and deformable           contours for the       and MR, as                                                                also provides        the proposed device
                    registration of            organs at risk and      supported by    MIM 4.1                                                       functionalities to    as compared to the
                 anatomical and           healthy lymph nodes   ACR/NEMA      (SEASTAR)                                             create and          primary predicate as:
                   functional images such   on CT images.       DICOM 3.0. In     provides the user                                     modify simple
               as CT, MR, PET-CT,     The contours created    addition,           with the means to                                      treatment plans.       - it includes an improved
              4D-CT and CBCT          automatically,          Contour            display, register                                       Contours,           version of the existing
                                            semi-automatically or   ProtégéAI        and fuse medical                                  images and         automatic segmentation                        - Display of fused and
                                        manually require        supports the      images from                                           treatment plans      tool as compared to the                non-fused images to
                                                   verifications, potential   following           multiple                                          can              one of ART-Plan v1.6.1.                      facilitate the                                              modifications, and       indications: •       modalities.                                           subsequently be
                comparison and                                         then the validation of    Creation of         Additionally, it                                         exported to a
                  delineation of image     a trained user with      contours using    evaluates cardiac                                    Treatment               - it allows automatic
                 data by the user           professional            machine-learnin     left ventricular                                        Planning           segmentation on more
                                                                                                                                                   anatomies and                        - Manual modification      qualifications in        g algorithms for    function and                                        System.
                                                                                                                                                                              organ-at-risk               and semi-automatic      anatomy and            applications        perfusion,                                     The software
                 generation of contours     radiotherapy.             including, but      including left                                      combines
                                                                   not limited to,      ventricular                                                 following digital


Page 5 of 28

TheraPanacea
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                      ART-Plan

                     for the regions of        The device is            quantitative        end-diastolic                                     image                    - it allows automatic
                    interest                  intended to be used     analysis, aiding    volume,                                              processing and     segmentation on MR
                        - Automatic generation     in a clinical setting, by   adaptive           end-systolic                                                 visualization        images which is not
                   of contours for organs     trained professionals    therapy,          volume, and                                                   tools:               possible with ART-Plan
                   at risk and healthy          only.                     transferring        ejection fraction.                                     x Multi-modality      v1.6.1 but covered by
                                                                 contours to      The Region of                                         viewing and         reference devices (MIM               lymph nodes, based on
                                          Indications for Use     radiation            Interest (ROI)                                          contouring of         4.1. and Contour                medical practices, on
                                                                 therapy            feature reduces                                         anatomical,         ProtégéAI)                medical images such as                                      ART-Plan is intended    treatment          the time                                                      functional, and
            CT and MR images.                                                to be used by trained    planning          necessary for the                                         multi-parametric
                        - Generation of           medical professionals   systems, and      user to define                                     images such as        - it can generate
               pseudo-CT for             including, but not        archiving          objects in medical                                       but not limited       synthetic CT from MR
                                                                                                                                            images which is not                supported anatomies      limited to,              contours for      image volumes by                                           to CT, PET,
                                                                                                                                                                    possible with ART-Plan
                                                 radiologists, radiation    patient follow-up   providing an initial                                  PET/CT, MRI,
                                                                                                                                                                      v1.6.1 but covered by
              The device is intended     oncologists,          and                 definition of object                                     Linac Cone                                                                                                                                                                reference devices
                   to be used in a radiation   dosimetrists and       management. •    contours. The                              Beam CT                                                                                                                                                   (MRCATpelvis, MRCAT
                 therapy clinical setting,     physicists.            Segmenting       objects include,                                  (CBCT)                                                                                                                                                                         brain and Syngo.via RT
               by trained professionals   ART-Plan is a          normal            but are not limited                                 images and                                                                                                                                       Image Suite
                    only.                     software application     structures           to, tumors and                                    dose
                                          intended to display      across a variety   normal tissues.                                               distributions            - it allows a cloud-based
                                    and visualize 3D         of CT                                                                x Multiplanar       deployment which is not
                 Indications for Use      multi-modal medical     anatomical      MIM 4.1                                                  reconstruction       possible with ART-Plan
                                     image data. The user    locations. • And   (SEASTAR)                                    (MPR)               v1.6.1 but covered by
               ART-Plan is indicated    may process, render,   segmenting       provides tools to                                                thin/thick,          Contour ProtégéAI and
                     for cancer patients for     review, store, display    normal             quickly create,                                  minimum           Syngo.via RT Image
            whom radiation         and distribute DICOM   structures of the   transform, and                                                intensity             Suite
                 treatment has been       3.0 compliant            prostate,          modify                                                     projection
                 planned. It is intended     datasets within the      seminal           contours for                                             (MIP), volume
                   to be used by trained     system and/or across    vesicles, and      applications                                            rendering
                medical professionals     computer networks.     urethra within      including, but not                                      technique (VRT)
                   including, but not         Supported modalities   T2-weighted        limited to,                                           x Freehand and
                    limited to, radiologists,     include static and    MR images.        quantitative                                           semi-automatic
                   radiation oncologists,     gated CT, PET, and     Appropriate        analysis, aiding                                         contouring of
                   dosimetrists, and       MR.                 image             adaptive therapy,                                           regions-of-intere
                medical physicists.       ART-Plan allows the     visualization        transferring                                                      st on any
                                         user to register         software must     contours to                                                 orientation
               ART-Plan is a software    combinations of       be used to         radiation therapy                                          including
                   application intended to    anatomical and         review and, if      treatment                                               oblique
                  display and visualize       functional images and   necessary, edit    planning systems                                    x Creation of
             3D multi-modal medical    display them with        results          and archiving                                          contours on any
               image data. The user     fused and non-fused    automatically      contours for                                            type of images
             may import, define,        displays to facilitate     generated by       patient follow-up                                         without prior
                   display, transform and     the comparison of      Contour         and management.                                   assignment of a
                  store DICOM 3.0        image data by the       ProtégéAI.                                                               planning CT
                 compliant datasets        user. PET images                   MIM 4.1                                            x Manual and
                   (including regions of      should not be                       (SEASTAR) also                                      semi-automatic


Page 6 of 28

TheraPanacea
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                      ART-Plan

                    interest structures).        registered directly but                      aids in the                                                    registration
               These images, contours   via the registration of                    assessment of                                         using rigid and
               and objects can           the CT of the PET                   PET/SPECT brain                                    deformable
                subsequently be         toward the target                         scans. It provides                                            registration
                  exported/distributed      image. The result of                     automated                                          x Supports the
                   within the system,         the registration                               quantitative and                                       user in
                across computer          operation can assist                             statistical analysis                                    comparing,
                networks and/or to        the user in assessing                    by automatically                                          contouring, and
                   radiation treatment       changes in image                            registering                                            adapting
                 planning systems.         data, either within or                 PET/SPECT brain                                     contours based
                Supported modalities     between                              scans to a                                      on datasets
                  include CT, PET-CT,      examinations and                        standard template                                     acquired
              CBCT, 4D-CT and MR    aims to help the user                   and comparing                                           with different
                images.                   obtain a better                                 intensity values to                                    imaging
                                         understanding of the                   a reference                                              modalities and
               ART-Plan supports       combined information                    database or to                                               at different time
                AI-based contouring on    that would otherwise                       other PET/SPECT                                        points
            CT and MR images and   have to be visually                      scans on a voxel                                     x Supports the
                   offers semi-automatic    compared                             by voxel basis,                                        user in
               and manual tools for       disjointedly.                                  within stereotactic                                   comparing
                 segmentation.           ART-Plan provides a                       surface                                          images and
                                    number of tools such                        projections or                                         contours of
               To help the user assess   as regions of                             standardized                                                  different
               changes in image data     interests, which are                        regions of                                                 patients
               and to obtain combined   intended to be used                            interest.                                             x Supports
                 multi-modal image          for the assessment of                                                                                  multi-modality
                   information, ART-Plan     regions of an image                       Indications for                                   image fusion
                 allows the registration      to support a clinical                  Use                                                x Visualization
                   of anatomical and         workflow. Examples                                                                  and contouring
                   functional images and     of such workflows                  MIM 4.1                                                     of moving
                  display of fused and       include, but are not                   (SEASTAR)                                         tumors and
                non-fused images to       limited to, the                             software is used                                     organs
                      facilitate the               delineation of                          by trained medical                                    x Management
                comparison of patient     anatomical regions of                       professionals as a                                           of points of
               image data by the user.    interest on                                     tool to aid in                                                  interest
                                     3D-images of cancer                       evaluation and                                            including but not
                With ART-Plan, users      patients for whom                          information                                                   limited to the
                 are also able to           radiotherapy                        management of                                          isocenter
                 generate, visualize,       treatment has been                              digital medical                                       x Management
                 evaluate and modify      planned.                                images. The                                                 of simple
               pseudo-CT from MRI     ART-Plan supports                       medical image                                         treatment plans
                images.                  the loading and                             modalities                                           x Generation of
                             .                        saving of DICOM RT                        include, but are                                  a synthetic CT
                                            objects and allows                         not limited to, CT,                                 based on
                                           the user to define,                      MRI, CR, DX,                                              multiple
                                              import, display,                     MG,


Page 7 of 28

TheraPanacea
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                      ART-Plan

                                             transform, store and                   US, SPECT, PET                                        pre-define MR
                                           export such objects                    and XA as                                                 acquisitions
                                              including regions of                      supported by
                                                 interest structures to                ACR/NEMA
                                               radiation therapy                  DICOM 3.0. MIM
                                          planning systems.                         4.1
                                      ART-Plan allows the                  (SEASTAR)
                                         user to transform                            assists in the
                                           regions of interest                           following
                                          associated with a                             indications:
                                                 particular imaging                              * Receive,
                                           dataset to another,                           transmit, store,
                                           supporting AI-based                           retrieve, display,
                                           contouring on CT                                print, and process
                                     images along with                        medical images
                                         semi-automatic and                    and DICOM
                                     manual tools for                             objects.
                                          segmentation.                                  * Create, display
                                                                        and print reports
                                                                                from medical
                                                                                images.
                                                                                                      * Registration,
                                                                                         fusion display,
                                                                        and review of
                                                                                 medical images
                                                                                                      for diagnosis,
                                                                                     treatment
                                                                                          evaluation, and
                                                                                     treatment
                                                                                        planning.
                                                                                                      * Evaluation of
                                                                                      cardiac left
                                                                                               ventricular
                                                                                           function and
                                                                                           perfusion,
                                                                                           including left
                                                                                               ventricular
                                                                                            end-diastolic
                                                                                volume,
                                                                                          end-systolic
                                                                                volume, and
                                                                                            ejection fraction.
                                                                                                      * Localization and
                                                                                                   definition of
                                                                                        objects such as


Page 8 of 28

TheraPanacea
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                      ART-Plan

                                                                              tumors and
                                                                              normal tissues in
                                                                                 medical images.
                                                                                                      * Creation,
                                                                                         transformation,
                                                                        and modification
                                                                                               of contours for
                                                                                          applications
                                                                                              including, but not
                                                                                                limited to,
                                                                                             quantitative
                                                                                            analysis, aiding
                                                                                    adaptive therapy,
                                                                                              transferring
                                                                                   contours to
                                                                                             radiation therapy
                                                                                     treatment
                                                                                    planning systems,
                                                                        and
                                                                                         archiving contours
                                                                                                      for patient
                                                                                         follow-up and
                                                                        management.
                                                                                                      * Quantitative and
                                                                                                          statistical analysis
                                                                                               of PET/SPECT
                                                                                         brain scans by
                                                                             comparing to
                                                                                       other registered
                                                                PET/SPECT brain
                                                                            scans

                                                                            Lossy
                                                                         compressed
                                                                     mammographic
                                                                          images and
                                                                                                  digitized film
                                                                                screen images
                                                                         must not be
                                                                                reviewed for
                                                                                    primary image
                                                                                                interpretations.
                                                                         Images that are
                                                                                           printed to film
                                                                         must be printed
                                                                                   using a


Page 9 of 28

TheraPanacea
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                      ART-Plan

                                                                         FDA-approved
                                                                                                  printer for the
                                                                                     diagnosis of
                                                                                                           digital
                                                                  mammography
                                                                                images.
                                                                     Mammographic
                                                                          images must be
                                                                             viewed on a
                                                                                         display
                                                                           system that has
                                                                        been cleared by
                                                                                      the FDA for the
                                                                                     diagnosis of
                                                                                                           digital
                                                                  mammography
                                                                                images. The
                                                                                    software is not to
                                                                        be used for
                                                                  mammography
                                                                   CAD.


System Information Comparison


                                                                      System Information
  Property      Proposed       Primary      Reference        Reference        Reference         Reference         Reference             Comment
                  Device        Predicate      device           device           device             device             device
                ART-Plan      ART-Plan      Contour        MIM 4.1       MRCAT Pelvis    MRCAT Brain      Syngo.via RT
                    v1.10.0          v1.6.1        ProtégéAI                                                        Image Suite

Method of      Standalone     Standalone      Standalone        Standalone        Provided as a        Provided as a        syngo.via can be
Use             software        software         software           software            plug-in clinical        plug-in clinical      used as a
                  application       application       application        package            application to         application to        standalone device
               accessed via    accessed via                                           Ingenia MR-RT. It    Ingenia MR-RT. It    or together with a
              a compliant     a compliant                                                          is compatible with     is compatible with    variety of          The proposed device and
                browser        browser                                                Ingenia 1.5T and     Ingenia 1.5T and     syngo.via-based     predicates (especially the
              (Chrome or     (Chrome or                                          3.0T MR-RT,        3.0T MR-RT,         software options,     primary predicate) have
                  Mozilla           Mozilla                                                 Ingenia Ambition     Ingenia Ambition     which are medical    identical methods of use
                   Firefox) on a     Firefox) on a                                         1.5T MR-RT and     1.5T MR-RT and     devices in their
                personal        personal                                               Ingenia Elition        Ingenia Elition      own right.
                computer,       computer,                                           3.0T MR-R. It runs   3.0T MR-RT. It
                   tablet or          tablet or                                                       parallel to image     runs parallel to


Page 10 of 28

TheraPanacea
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                      ART-Plan

              phone (In      phone (In                                                  acquisition on the    image acquisition
               case of         case of                             MR console,        on the MR
                connection to    connection to                                  embedded           console,
                 the platform     the platform                                            post-processing     embedded
                  with a screen    with a screen                                        generates MRCAT   post-processing
                   of a phone or     of a phone or                                     images using: •      generates MRCAT
              a tablet, the     a tablet, the                                      Automated         images using: •
                user must       user must                                           segmentation and    Automated
               choose the     choose the                                                tissue              segmentation and
                 option for the    option for the                                                  classification •        tissue
                desktop site of   desktop site                                      Automated            classification •
                  his                of his                                              assignment of       Automated
               communicatio   communicatio                                    CT-based density    assignment of
              n device. The   n device. The                                         values             CT-based density
                 platform is       platform is                                                                 values
                  optimally used   optimally used
                  with 17 inches   with 17 inches
              and up         and up
                 screen.          screen.
                   Facilitates        Facilitates
                  display and      display and
                   visualization      visualization of
                   of data by       data by user.
                  user.

Computer        Full web          Full web        Server-based     Windows        As the density      As the density       This solution is
Platform and    platform         platform          application        2000/XP           information is         information is        also available
Operating      Launch from    Launch from     supporting                           generated directly    generated directly    cloud-based,
System        Google        Google         Linux-based OS                   on the MR         on the MR           providing
             Chrome or     Chrome or         - and -                                console, the          console, the           scalability with
                  Mozilla Firefox   Mozilla Firefox                                              resulting data is       resulting data is       flexible use        The proposed device and
                                                 Local                                                                                               available at the       available at the      models and cloud    predicates are compatible with
                                              deployment on                  Available on                                                                                    console for          console for          deployment1          identical operating systems.
                                         Windows or Mac                server-based                                                      immediate review.    immediate review.
                  application or
               Cloud-based                   Cloud-based
               deployment                    deployment
Data           Yes           Yes           Yes              Yes              Yes               Yes               Yes              The proposed device and all
Visualization                                                                                                                                            the predicates have a data
/ Graphical                                                                                                                                                             visualisation and graphical
Interface                                                                                                                                                             interface
Synthetic CT    Generation of   N/A           N/A             N/A               Generation of CT    Generation of CT    Generation of CT-   The proposed device and
            CT density                                                                density image        density image                            reference devices such as


1
  Information obtained from their brochure: https://cdn0.scrvt.com/39b415fb07de4d9656c7b516d8e2d907/a4c5e63ae0880cd1/f2053f668eaa/shs-syngo-via-rt-image-suite-brochure-2020.pdf

Page 11 of 28

TheraPanacea
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                      ART-Plan

              image series                                                               series out of          series out of          density image     MRCAT pelvis, MRCAT brain
                 out of multiple                                                                multiple MR-image    multiple MR-image   series out of        and Syngo.via RT Image Suite
              MR-image                                                                 series                series                multiple MR-image   have the same feature
                  series                                                                                                                  series
Supported      Registration:    Registration:   CT and MR        Medical image   MR images      MR images         3D: CT, PET1,      The proposed device is
Modalities       Static and        Static and                            modalities                                            PET/CT1, MRI1,     compatible with the same
                gated CT, MR,   gated CT, MR,                        include, but are                                     4D-CT and Linac     modalities as the primary
            PET (via the    PET (via the                         not limited to,                                      Cone Beam CT      predicate on the registration
                   registration of    registration of                      CT, MRI, CR,                                        (CBCT) image        feature, which are CT, MR and
                 the CT of said   the CT of said                   DX, MG, US,                                                support          PET images in a DICOM
               PET), 4D-CT    PET)                         SPECT, PET and                                          Support for time      format. However, the proposed
              and CBCT.                              XA as supported                                             resolved CT and     device supports 2 additional
                             Segmentatio                     by ACR/NEMA                               MR1 images (e.g.    modalities:
              Segmentatio    n:                        DICOM 3.0.                              MR DCE,                       -   CBCT (covered by                  n:          CT (injected or
                                                                                                                                  Perfusion CT)                 the reference device            CT (injected      not), DICOM
                                                                                                                                                           Syngo.via RT Image                  or not),       RTSTRUCT
                                                                                                                                                                             Suite)          MR images,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            -   4D-CT (covered by            DICOM
                                                                                                                                                                   the reference device            RTSTRUCT
                                                                                                                                                           Syngo.via RT Image
                                                                                                                                                                     Suite


                                                                                                                                              For both devices, supported
                                                                                                                                    images can be fixed (static) or
                                                                                                                                    moving (gated).


                                                                                                                           The proposed device and the
                                                                                                                                                     primary predicate are both
                                                                                                                                                   compatible with CT images
                                                                                                                                                                         (injected or not), DICOM and
                                                                                                          RTSTRUCT on the
                                                                                                                                              segmentation feature.


                                                                                                                                              For MR images, the proposed
                                                                                                                                                   device and some reference
                                                                                                                                                  devices (such as MRCAT
                                                                                                                                                                      pelvis and MRCAT brain) are
                                                                                                                                                  both compatible with MR
                                                                                                                                    images on the segmentation
                                                                                                                                                                       feature.


Page 12 of 28

TheraPanacea
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                      ART-Plan

                                                                                                                          Compared to reference
                                                                                                                                                           devices, the proposed device
                                                                                                                                                      claims less supported
                                                                                                                                                              modalities

Data Export     Distribution of    Distribution of   As supported by   The system has   MRCAT images    MRCAT images     DICOM, HL7 and    The proposed device and
            DICOM       DICOM       ACR/NEMA        the ability to       can be exported in   can be exported in   IHE-RO standard     predicates (especially the
                 compliant       compliant     DICOM 3.0.       send data to     DICOM format     DICOM format       compliance          primary one) have identical
              Images into     Images into                     DICOM-ready      enabling the use     enabling the use                         data export capabilities with
                 other DICOM    other DICOM                       devices for        as primary images   as primary images                 DICOM format.
                 compliant       compliant                       image storage,      in the treatment       in the treatment
                systems.        systems.                                 retrieval and       planning systems    planning systems
                                                                        transmission.
Compatibility   Compatible     Compatible      supported by      The software can  MR console:      MR console:        Compatible with     The proposed device and
                  with data from   with data from  ACR/NEMA         receive, transmit,   Compatible with     Compatible with    DICOM              predicates (especially the
               any DICOM     any DICOM    DICOM 3.0          store, retrieve,      Ingenia 1.5T and     Ingenia 1.5T and     Automatic send to    primary one) have identical
                 compliant       compliant                              display, print,      3.0T MR-RT,        3.0T MR-RT,      TPS configuration    compatibility (DICOM format)
                scanners for     scanners for                    and process        Ingenia Ambition     Ingenia Ambition
                 the applicable   the applicable                DICOM objects    1.5T MR-RT and     1.5T MR-RT and
                  modalities.       modalities.                      and medical        Ingenia Elition        Ingenia Elition
                                                            image modalities   3.0T MR-RT         3.0T MR-RT
                                                                             including, but not   After export,          After export,
                                                                               limited to, CT,      compatible with      compatible with
                                                              MRI, CR, DX,     any DICOM         any DICOM
                                                    MG, US, SPECT,   compliant            compliant
                                                  PET and XA as     scanners.           scanners.
                                                                  supported by
                                                 ACR/NEMA
                                                 DICOM 3.0.


Page 13 of 28

TheraPanacea
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                      ART-Plan

Technical Information Comparison


                                                                                          Technical Information
   Property       Proposed        Primary       Reference          Reference          Reference          Reference       Reference           Comment
                   Device         Predicate       device              device              device             device           device
                 ART-Plan       ART-Plan      Contour          MIM 4.1        MRCAT Pelvis     MRCAT Brain     Syngo.via RT
                     v1.10.0           v1.6.1        ProtégéAI                                                          Image Suite

Delineation      AI               AI                AI                     Atlas              N/A               N/A            Deep learning     The proposed device,
Method                                                                                                                                autocontouring     primary predicate and
                                                                                                                                                                    for organs at risk   most of the reference
                                                                                                                                                                                      (incl. lymph        devices share an AI
                                                                                                                                    nodes)2            delineation method.
Image           Multi-modal      Multi-modal and  N/A                    Registration, fusion   N/A               N/A             Image Fusion     Both the predicate device
registration     and            mono-modal.                               display, and review                                                     and ART-Plan offer
                                                                                                                                            Rigid and                mono-modal.     Rigid and                                  of medical images                                                     mono-modal (CT-CT) and
                                                                                                                            Deformable                  Rigid and        deformable                                   for diagnosis,                                                                    multi-modal (CT/MR,
                                                                                                                                                Registration with                 deformable      Automatic and                          treatment                                                            CT/PET) rigid and
                                                                                                                                                  region-of interest                 Automatic and   manual                                   evaluation, and                                                              deformable registration.
                                                                                                                     based               manual             initialization                             treatment planning.
                                                                                                                                                           registration and                      initialization      (landmarks,                                                                                                                                                    multiple          However, the proposed                 (landmarks,       fusion box,                                                                                                                                                         registrations per   device supports 2                   fusion box,       alignment).                                                                                                                     image pair          additional modalities:                  alignment).       Registration for
                   Registration for   the purposes of                                                                          Manual editing              -   CBCT (covered
                  the purposes     replanning/                                                                                                      of registrations             by the reference
                                                                                                                                                               deviceSyngo.via
                    of replanning/     recontouring                                                                          Save                                                                                                                     RT Image Suite)
                  recontouring     and AI-based                                                                                                   registrations and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 -   4D-CT (covered
               and AI-based     automatic                                                                                  save deformed                                                                                                                                                  by the reference
                 automatic         contouring.                                                                               images as                                                                                                                                                               deviceSyngo.via
                  contouring.                                                                                                             reformatted                                                                                                                     RT Image Suite
                                                                                                                                             dataset2
                                                                                                                              Contour warping                                                                                                                                             Both devices offer an
                                                                                                                   and display of                                                                                                                                                       automatic solution for
                                                                                                                                                                prior and new                                                                                                                                                                                registration and
                                                                                                                                                    structure set                                                                                                                                                      semi-automatic registration
                                                                                                                                                Registration       by including manual
                                                                                                                                                Quality Check       initialization tools in
                                                                                                                                                with spyglass,      addition to automatic
                                                                                                                                     deformation          initialization.
                                                                                                                                             vector map,


2 https://www.siemens-healthineers.com/radiotherapy/software-solutions/syngovia-rt-image-suite (last checked on Feb, 15th 2022)

Page 14 of 28

TheraPanacea
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                      ART-Plan

                                                                                                                           magnitude color   Reference device such as
                                                                                                   map              Syngo.via RT Image Suite
                                                                                                                                                                                offers the same options as
                                                                                                                                                             the proposed device: rigid
                                                                                                                                   and deformable
                                                                                                                                                                                     registration.
Segmentation    Automatically     Automatically     Creation of         The software        N/A               N/A                Multimodality
Features         delineates        delineates        contours using        automatically                                                 contouring
            OARs and     OARs and        machine-learning     generates contours
                                                                                                                       Freehand 2D,                  healthy lymph    healthy lymph     algorithms for         using a deformable
                                                                                                    3D image-based               nodes          nodes (on any     applications            registration
                                                                                                                        Smart Freehand                         CT images)        including, but not     technique which
                                                                                                                                    segmentation, s              Deep learning                         limited to,              registers
                   algorithm.      Deep learning     quantitative          pre-contoured                                             Contour on any
                                     algorithm.         analysis, aiding        patients to target                                                     arbitrary plane
                 Automatic                          adaptive therapy,      patients.                                                         including oblique  The proposed device and
                 segmentation    Automatic         transferring           Registrations are                                           planes            primary predicate are
                  includes the      segmentation     contours to            either                                               deep learning      capable of automatically
                   following         includes the       radiation therapy     between a serial                                              autocontouring     contouring the
                    localizations:      following          treatment planning    pair of intra-patient                                                     for organs at risk   organ-at-risk (OAR) and
                      * head and       localizations:      systems, and        volumes or                                                          (inclusive LNs)     healthy lymph nodes using
                neck (on CT       * head and        archiving contours    between a                                                                      AI (deep learning)                                                                                                                                          One-click
                images)         neck                for patient follow-up   pre-existing atlas of                                                                  algorithm.                                                                                                                                       adaptive
                     * thorax/breast    * thorax/breast   and management.    contoured patients                                                                                                                                         contouring
                      (for                  (for                               and a patient                                                             There is a difference in
                                                                                                                         User              intended anatomies for CT                 male/female      male/female)     Segmenting          volume. This
                                                                                                                                             configurable      images as the proposed               and on CT         * abdomen       anatomical           process facilitates
                                                                                                                   Organ             device also includes pelvis                images)            * pelvis (for        structures across a    contour creation or
                                                                                                                              Templates         female.                     * abdomen (on   male only)         variety of CT          re-contouring for
            CT images and    * brain.           anatomical           adaptive therapy.                                                 Multiple           For MR images, all
           MR images)                           locations.                                                                                 structure set      anatomies included in the
                     * pelvis                                                                                                              support (1 per     proposed device are also
                male(on CT                   And segmenting                                                          image series)      included in the primary
               images and                      normal structures                                                                 Molecular          predicate.
           MR images)                           of the prostate,                                                                 imaging data
                     * pelvis female                     seminal vesicles,                                                            such as PET,
                 (on CT                        and urethra within                                                                 threshold-based
                images)                          T2-weighted MR                                                         and skin, gray
                     * brain (on CT                     images.                                                                        value-based
               images and                                                                                                    segmentation1
           MR images)                                                                                                                                                “CT-free”
                                                                                                                                              contouring:
                                                                                                                                                native PET or
                                                                                  MR contouring


Page 15 of 28

TheraPanacea
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                      ART-Plan

                                                                                                                                                         Parallel
                                                                                                                                              contouring:
                                                                                                                                         contouring
                                                                                                                              performed on
                                                                                                                       any image is
                                                                                                                                                      reflected on all
                                                                                                                                            other images
                                                                                                                                                    Visualization of
                                                                                                                                              previously drawn
                                                                                                                                                  structures on the
                                                                                                                                                current image
                                                                                                                                                series
                                                                                                                              Contour copy
                                                                                                                   and warping
                                                                                                                      between image
                                                                                                                                                     series2
View          Window and    Window and      Not stated           Not stated          N/A               N/A             Organ algebra
Manipulation     level, pan,         level, pan,                                                                                                  (union,
and            zoom,          zoom,                                                                                                            intersection,
Volume           cross-hairs,       cross-hairs,                                                                                              exclusion)
Rendering        slice               slice
                                                                                                                          Symmetric and                   navigation.        navigation.
                                                                                                                             asymmetric              Maximum,      Maximum,
                                                                                                                                                    structure growth                average and     average and
                                                                                                                                                or contraction              minimum       minimum
                    intensity           intensity                                                                                  Smart 2D/3D
                   projection         projection (MIP,                                                                            Nudge, brush
                  (MIP, AVG,      AVG, MinIP),                                                                                 Pan, scale,
                  MinIP),            color rendering,                                                                                               rotate contour
                   color              multi-planar                                                                                                                                  Geometrical and
                  rendering,        reconstruction                                                                                                                                smart           The proposed device has
                   multi-planar      (MPR), fused                                                                                                                          image-based       the same tools as the
                  reconstruction    views,                                                                                                                                      contour            primary predicate.
                (MPR), fused     gallery views.                                                                                                                                                        interpolation
                  views,                                                                                                                                                 Multi-modality
                    gallery views.                                                                                                                   Image
                                                                                                                                       Manipulation

                                                                                                                                                Multiplanar
                                                                                                                                              reconstruction
                                                                                                               (MPR) thin/thick,
                                                                                                              minimum
                                                                                                                                                             intensity
                                                                                                                                                   projection (MIP),
                                                                                                                       volume


Page 16 of 28

TheraPanacea
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                      ART-Plan

                                                                                                                                        rendering
                                                                                                                                     technique
                                                                                                                                 (VRT)2
Regions and     AI Based         AI Based          AI Based             Atlas based         N/A               N/A               syngo.via RT
Volumes         autocontouring   autocontouring,   contouring, tools to    contouring, tools to                                     Image Suite
of Interest            ,                  Registration       quickly create,         quickly create,                                                provides
(ROI)             Registration     based contour     transform, and        transform, and                                               dedicated tools,
               based contour    projection        modify contours.      modify contours.                                          which help the
                   projection         (re-contouring),                                                                                   medical
                   (re-contouring),  Manual ROI                                                                                              professional in
               Manual ROI      manipulation                                                                                          contouring
                 manipulation    and                                                                                                          Both the proposed device
                                                                                                                   and evaluating    and the primary predicate               and              transformation
                                                                                                                        volumes of         allow AI automatic                  transformation    (margins,
                                                                                                                                                                  interest.           contouring and manual                  (margins,        booleans
                booleans         operators,                                                                                Freehand and      contouring
                  operators,         interpolation).                                                                                      semi-automatic
                    interpolation).                                                                                                          contouring of
                                                                                                                                                     regions-of-intere
                                                                                                                                                                    st on any
                                                                                                                                                       orientation
                                                                                                                                                  including
                                                                                                                                                oblique2
Region/volum    Intensity,           Intensity,        N/A                   Quantitative         N/A               N/A             N/A
e of              Hounsfield       Hounsfield units                         analysis tools.
interest           units and SUV   and SUV
                                                                                                                               The proposed device
measurement   measurements   measurements
                                                                                                                                                                                offers the same kind of
s and            Size             Size
                                                                                                                                                       region/volume of interest
size            measurements   measurements
                                                                                                                                    measurements and size
measurement    include 2D and   include 2D and
                                                                                                                                    measurements as the
s            3D           3D
                                                                                                                                                         primary predicate
               measurements   measurements
                (number of      (number of
                     slices, volume     slices, volume
                    of a structure,     of a structure,
                     static ruler)        static ruler)


Page 17 of 28

TheraPanacea
                        Traditional 510(k)
                       ART-Plan

Device Description:

The ART-Plan application is comprised of two key modules: SmartFuse and Annotate, allowing
the user to display and visualize 3D multi-modal medical image data. The user may process,
render, review, store, display and distribute DICOM 3.0 compliant datasets within the system
and/or  across  computer  networks.  Supported  modalities  cover  static and  gated CT
(computerized tomography including CBCT and 4D-CT), PET (positron emission tomography)
and MR (magnetic resonance).

Compared to ART-Plan v1.6.1 (primary predicate), the following additional features have been
added to ART-Plan v1.10.0:

   ● an improved version of the existing automatic segmentation tool
   ●  automatic segmentation on more anatomies and organ-at-risk
   ●  image registration on 4D-CT and CBCT images
   ●  automatic segmentation on MR images
   ●  generate synthetic CT from MR images
   ● a cloud-based deployment

The ART-Plan technical functionalities claimed by TheraPanacea are the following:

•   Proposing automatic solutions to the user, such as an automatic delineation, automatic
    multimodal  image  fusion,  etc.  towards  improving  standardization  of  processes/
    performance / reducing user tedious / time consuming involvement.

•   Offering to the user a set of tools to assist semi-automatic delineation, semi-automatic
    registration towards modifying/editing manually automatically generated structures and
    adding/removing new/undesired structures or imposing user-provided correspondences
    constraints on the fusion of multimodal images.

•   Presenting to the user a set of visualization methods of the delineated structures, and
    registration fusion maps.

•   Saving the delineated structures / fusion results for use in the dosimetry process.

•   Enabling rigid and deformable registration of patients images sets to combine information
    contained in different or same modalities.

•   Allowing the users to generate, visualize, evaluate and modify pseudo-CT from MRI
    images.

ART-Plan offers deep-learning based automatic segmentation for the following localizations:
   ●  head and neck (on CT images)
   ●   thorax/breast (for male/female and on CT images)
   ●  abdomen (on CT images and MR images)
   ●   pelvis male(on CT images and MR images)
   ●   pelvis female (on CT images)
   ●   brain (on CT images and MR images)
ART-Plan  offers  deep-learning based synthetic CT-generation from MR images  for the
following localizations:
   ●   pelvis male
   ●   brain


Page 18 of 28

TheraPanacea
                        Traditional 510(k)
                       ART-Plan


Information about your training dataset:

   ●  Summary test statistics or other test results including acceptance criteria or
       other information supporting the appropriateness of the characterised
       performance

Acceptance criteria for performance of ART-Plan modules were established using performance
ranges extracted from benchmark devices and alternative technologies in the literature. For an
auto segmentation model to be judged acceptable, every organ included in the model must
pass at least one acceptance criterion with success across the different testings it has been
submitted to. These criteria are as follows:

           A. The Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) is equal to or superior to the acceptance
                   criteria set by the AAPM: DSC (mean)≥ 0.8.
             Or
           B. The Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) is equal to or superior to inter-expert
                   variability: DSC (mean)≥ 0.54 or DSC (mean) ≥ mean (DSC inter-expert) + 5%
             Or
           C. The clinicians’ s qualitative evaluation of the auto-segmentation is considered
               acceptable  for   clinical  use  without  modifications  (A)  or  with  minor
                modifications   /  corrections  (B)  with a A+B % above or equal  to 85%
               considering the following scale:
                       A: the contour is acceptable for a clinical use without any modification
                       B: the contour would be acceptable  for  clinical use  after minor
                         modifications/corrections
                      C: the contour requires major modifications (e.g. it would be faster for
                       the expert to manually delineate the structure)”

For the synthetic-CT generation tool, the acceptance criteria are as follows:

           A. A median 2%/2mm gamma passing criteria of ≥95%
           B. A median 3%/3mm gamma passing criteria of ≥99.0%
           C. A mean dose deviation (pseudo-CT compared to standard CT) of ≤2% in
           ≥88% of patients

   ●   Total number of individual patients images in the reported auto segmentation
        tools and independence of test data and training data

Our training, validation and test cohorts are built from real-world retrospective data which were
initially used for treatment of cancer patients. For the structures of a given anatomy for a given
modality (MR or CT), two non-overlapping data sets were separated: the test patients (number
selected based on thorough literature review and statistical power) and the train data. We
make sure that those sets are non-overlapping and further split the train cases into train and
validation sets and ensure enough train cases for the machine learning models to converge
and achieve good performances of the validation set.


Page 19 of 28

TheraPanacea
                        Traditional 510(k)
                       ART-Plan

                                  Sample Size        %

                    Training              299142                 0.8

                    Validation              75018                 0.2

                       Total               374160               1

   ●   Total number of cases and samples images in the reported auto segmentation
        results

The total number of patients used for training (8736) is lower than the number of samples
(374160). This is linked to the fact that one patient can be associated with more images (e.g.
CT, MR) and that each image (anatomy) has the delineation of several structures (OARs and
lymph nodes) which increases the number of samples used for training and validation.

   ●  Demographic distribution including gender, age and ethnicity

All data used for training of the models have been pseudo-anonymised by the centers
providing data before transfer. Around 80% of the data used for training contain information on
gender and age of the patients.  In terms of gender, around 44% and 56% of our data (that
contains this information) are from female and male patients, respectively. In comparison, in
2020 according to the Global Cancer Observatory, 48% and 52% of the cancer patients were
female and male, respectively.

In terms of age, our data follows the same trend observed and reported in the US (SEER NIH),
UK (Cancer Research UK) and worldwide (Global Cancer Observatory) for cancer incidence
according to age, with more than 95% of the data coming from patients between 20 and 85
years old. Our data has a slight overrepresentation (8% points) for the ages between 54 and
60 years old, at the cost of a slight underrepresentation of patients in the age range between
20-34 (1.5% points) and above 85 (6.5% points) years old. In addition, following the general
global (incl US) trend, our data also depicts a steep rise in the incidence rate from in the age
group of 55-64 years old, with a median age of 63 years old (as compared to 66 years old in
the US).

Although  this  information  is not exhaustive,  this analysis shows  that the demographic
distribution in terms of age and gender of the data used for training and validation of the
models are well aligned with the incidence cancer statistics found for instance in US, UK and
globally. This comes from the fact that real clinical data provided by medical facilities without
any selection  criteria  (i.e. no discrimination or selection has been applied to the cases
retrieved), leading to the demographic distribution including gender and age across the data is
representative of the distribution in the clinic and thus of the cancer patient population in
general.

An exception is noted for following models that are gender-dependent:
- 100% of pelvis images for male pelvis model for automatic annotation are male patients
- 100% of pelvis images for female pelvis model for automatic annotation are female patients
- 100% of breast images for the breast automatic annotation are female patients
- 100 % of pelvis images for automatic synthetic-CT generation are male patients

No pseudo-anonymized data included any information on the ethnicity.


Page 20 of 28

TheraPanacea
                        Traditional 510(k)
                       ART-Plan

In  addition,   automatic delineation  of the device demonstrated equivalent performances
between non-US and US population.

   ●  On the “truthing” and data collection process

The contouring guidelines followed to produce the contours were confirmed with the centers
which provided the data. Our truthing process includes a mix of data created by different
delineators (clinical experts) and assessment of intervariability, ground truth contours provided
by the centers and validated by a second expert of the center, and qualitative evaluation and
validation of the contours. This process ensures that the data used for training and testing can
be considered  representative  of  the  delineation  practice across  centers and  following
international guidelines.

   ●  On clinical subgroups, confounders and equipment details

In general, confounding factors affecting health status present in the dataset could be related
to patient clinical variables such as age, gender, ethnicity, economical and educational levels.
As shown in “Demographic distribution including gender, age and ethnicity”, our data is
representative of the demographic cancer distribution in terms of gender and age. In addition,
our models when appropriate  (i.e. for gender independent anatomies) are shared across
gender removing any further bias and augmenting substantially training cohorts.

Variables  like ethnicity, economical and educational status that could be associated with
obesity are  further confounding  factors  that could impact global  patient's anatomy and
introduce bias in the performance of the obtained solution. To address this aspect, we have
adopted a strategy that projects a patient's specific anatomy to common, multiple, different in
size,  full-body female and male patient templates, allowing a direct harmonization of data
resulting in potential removal of bias of anatomical diversity across ethnic, economical and
educational groups. Please note that this information (ethnic group, educational/economical
level, etc.) is often not available in the pseudo-anonymised data and therefore performing
statistical tests and increasing the number of operations allowing to separate correlations from
causality is often unattainable.

Regarding variables associated with treatment therapeutic and treatment implementation
strategies; we can imagine imaging devices and treatment devices being potential confounding
factors as differences exist among CT and MR scanners manufacturers that could potentially
introduce bias. We have addressed this concern through a statistical analysis of the different
imaging vendors in EU & USA towards the creation of a data training, validation and testing
cohort that globally appropriately represents the market share of the different vendors allowing
generalization and removing hardware specific bias. In terms of treatment implementation, it
should be noted that different guidelines exist and depending on the treatment device different
therapeutic constraints and guidelines are applied. This is reflected in our database since
different  strategies and constraints are used depending on the choice of treatment (e.g
external radiotherapy vs stereotactic treatment). Our solution, due to its concept of removing
bias through projection to patient template anatomies as well as due to the component-based
approach that is able to aggregate training data across imaging and treatment vendors, is able
to address the maximum set of constraints. Therefore, we do not introduce any bias on the
type of treatment that will be delivered (supporting any type of clinically conventionally adopted
treatment from manufactures such as Varian, Elekta, Accuray, GE, Siemens, ViewRay & Zap


Page 21 of 28

TheraPanacea
                          Traditional 510(k)
                         ART-Plan

    Surgical), providing direct means for customization of the constraints to be met at the clinical
    expert  level and offering a representative coverage of  all vendors in radiation oncology
    world-wide.

   An exception is noted for following models that are vendor-, machine- or sequence-dependent:

     - MR annotation tool for pelvis and abdominal regions were trained on data from a 0.35T MR
   machine provided by ViewRay
     - synthetic-CT generation tool for pelvis was trained on data from a 0.35T MR machine
    provided by ViewRay
     - synthetic-CT generation tool and annotation tool for MR pelvis was trained on data from 1.5T
    Philips (Elekta) for T2 sequences, and might not work on T1-weighted images


   Technological Characteristics:

   A comparative review of the ART-Plan with the predicate device found that the technology,
   mode of operation, and general principles for treatment with this device were substantially
    equivalent as the predicate device.

    Non-Clinical Tests (Performance/Physical Data):

   The ART-Plan was evaluated for its safety and effectiveness based on the following testing:


           Test Name                     Test Description/Results            Results

Usability Report                 This  document  is  intended  to  document  the
(V1.10.0)                           usability test results for the ART-Plan v1.10.0 for
                                                                      Passed
                             compliance with IEC 62366-1:2015+AMD1:2020 -
                              Medical   devices    -   Application   of   usability
                               engineering to medical devices.
Usability file - ART-USR-09     The  ART-Plan was  assessed  with  regards  to
(V1.10.0)                           usability for compliance with each section of IEC  Passed
                           62366
Usability - Testers qualification   This table shows that European medical physicists
(V1.10.0)                  who have participated in the evaluation have at
                                   least an equivalent expertise level compared to a
                                                                       N/A
                                    junior  US   medical   physicist   (MP),   and
                                    responsibilities in the radiotherapy clinical workflow
                               are equivalent

Literature Review and        A  literature  review  is  performed  to  establish
Performance Criteria           acceptance  criteria for performance of ART-Plan
Extraction Report for ART-Plan  modules using performance ranges observed from
(V1.9.0 and V1.10.0)          benchmark devices and alternative technologies in  N/A
                                the  literature.  All measures of performance that
                           were established in this document were supported
                            by  clinical evidence.  It was also demonstrated,
                              from the clinical data, that ART-Plan  has a clear


   Page 22 of 28

TheraPanacea
                          Traditional 510(k)
                         ART-Plan

                                        clinical relevance in accordance with the clinical
                                  state of the art.

ART-Plan performance testing   The document summarises  all performance tests
- Overview                        that have been performed  since the  last FDA
(V1.6.1-V1.10.0)                cleared version (1.6.1). It also shows which criteria
                           have been met in each test for  all modules of
                                                                      Passed
                             ART-Plan.   It demonstrates  that  all modules  of
                            ART-Plan  pass   at   least  one  performance
                             acceptance  criterion  and  hence  are  clinically
                               acceptable for release.

Study Protocol and Report     The testing demonstrated that Annotate provides
Annotate Performances         acceptable contours for the concerned structures  Passed
Summary (V1.9.0)            on an image of a patient.


Abdo MRI auto-segmentation   Mean DSC of each organ was compared with the
performances according to       tolerance threshold  of  0.8.  After comparing the
AAPM requirements (V1.8.0)    contours of 3 different experts on the same patient
                                the mean DSC was calculated, compared with the
                                                                      Passed
                              auto-segmentation and was observed  to be  in
                              every  case  superior.   It  is  concluded  that  the
                              auto-segmentation   algorithm  provides   clinical
                               acceptable contours.

Testing protocol/report - Brain    In  this  test, some  organs  did  not meet  the
MRI autosegmentation         acceptance criteria. However, the value of 0.80 is
performances according to       indicated by  the AAPM as  the “uncertainty  of
AAPM requirements             contouring of the structure” which in fact can be
                                     significantly below 0.80 depending on the organ.
                              Thus, we also decided to evaluate in parallel the
                            models  with  a  qualitative  evaluation  of  our
                                  predictions (see additional qualitative test below).


Qualitative validation of            All organs except left and right cochlea passed at  Passed
autosegmentation                least one of the acceptance criteria demonstrating
performances - Brain (V1.8.0)    that  the  Annotate module  provides  acceptable
                               contours on MR brain structures. The MR brain
                           model has been  further improved, subjected to
                                    further  testing,  and,  after  providing  acceptable
                               contours  for  all  structures  (incl.  the  cochlea),
                               released  in  v1.10.0.  (see  Study  Protocol and
                               Report- Autosegmentation performances against
                                   inter-expert variability - Brain MR (V1.10.0)).

Qualitative validation of        The testing demonstrates that Annotate provides
auto-segmentation              acceptable  contours   for  a   specific    list   of
                                                                      Passed
performances - Gyneco         gynecological structures on a Female pelvis CT
(V1.8.0)                       image. Three  testing methods are used: DICE
                                    calculation,  Inter-expert  DICE  calculation  and


   Page 23 of 28

TheraPanacea
                          Traditional 510(k)
                         ART-Plan

                                    qualitative Indicator. All structures passed at least
                           one of the acceptance criteria and were released.

Pelvis MRI auto-segmentation   The     testing    demonstrates     that     the
tool performances according to  auto-segmentation  algorithm   for  Pelvis  MRIs
AAPM requirements (V1.8.0)    provides acceptable contours  for the concerned
                                                                      Passed
                                  structures on an image of a patient. All organs met
                                    at  least  one  of  the  acceptance  criteria  and
                                 therefore were considered acceptable.
                          The  study was developed  to cover  the major
Qualitative & Quantitative          clinical use cases in which fusions are used in the
validation of fusion              radiotherapy  workflow and  split  into  as many
performances (V1.9.0)           sub-studies as  clinical use cases  of  fusion  in
                                                                      Passed
                                radiotherapy workflow. The results show that both
                               types of fusion algorithms (Rigid & Deformable) in
                           SmartFuse pass the performed tests, and provide
                                    valid results for further clinical use in radiotherapy.
Study Protocol and Report for   The study evaluated the quality of the rigid and the
qualitative validation of fusion    deformable  fusion algorithms  of the SmartFuse
performances for             module for the following cases:
tCT_sCT_injected/PET              - CT injected image fuse towards CT image
                                                                      Passed
modality (V1.9.0)                      - CT-PET image fuse towards CT image.
                             Both  types  of  fusion  algorithms,  rigid   and
                               deformable, provided  clinically acceptable results
                                      for the desired clinical uses.
Study Protocol & Report for     The testing evaluated the quality of ITV calculation
qualitative validation of ITV      algorithm of the Annotate module in the case of
calculation performances for    4D-CT  examinations.  Acceptable  results  were  Passed
4D_CT modality (V1.9.0)       reached for the evaluation of contours propagation.

Study Protocol and Report for    This  testing evaluated the performances  of the
validation of fusion            SmartFuse module for the clinical case of fusion of
performances for tCT_sMR     an MRI towards a  planning CT  to aid  in the  Passed
modality (V1.9.0)                 delineation. Acceptable results were reached for
                                      this evaluation.
Study Protocol and Report for    This  study  evaluated  the performances  of  the
qualitative validation of fusion   SmartFuse module  for  fusion  of CTs towards
performances for tMR_sCT      planning MRIs for the purpose of electron density  Passed
modality (V1.9.0)                  transfer. Acceptable results were reached for this
                                  evaluation.
Study Protocol and Report for    This  study  evaluated  the performances  of  the
qualitative & quantitative       SmartFuse module on the clinical case of using
validation of fusion               fusion for MRI replannification. Favorable results to
                                                                      Passed
performances for tMR_sMR      the established performance criteria for rigid and
modality (V1.9.0)               deformable registrations, and for all organs, were
                                obtained.
Protocol for qualitative &         This study evaluated the quality of the rigid and the
quantitative validation of fusion  deformable  fusion algorithms  of the SmartFuse
performances for             module for replanification of CT-based treatments.  Passed
tCT_sCT_replanning modality   Acceptable   results  were  reached   for   this
(V1.9.0)                          evaluation.


   Page 24 of 28

TheraPanacea
                          Traditional 510(k)
                         ART-Plan

Pilot study for sample size      The literature review was performed to estimate the
estimation - literature review     appropriate sample size  of the testing data set
(V1.9.0)                       towards  demonstrating  the performance  of  the
                                                                       N/A
                           image registration, segmentation and pseudo-CT
                               generation  solutions on  the  basis  of the most
                                recent and most relevant scientific literature.
Autoseg 2D regression test for  The  objective  of  the  test was  to demonstrate
integration in ART-Plan V1.9.0   equivalence between  the  version  (V1.9.0) and
                               previous versions of Annotate (V.1.8 and v1.6.1).
                                        All organs passed  at  least one  of the defined
                                         criteria, and hence were accepted for release in  Passed
                                  v1.9.  Given   that  equivalence  TheraPanacea
                               considers all tests (especially the qualitative ones)
                             performed on previous versions of the software to
                           be still relevant.
Study Protocol & Report         This test demonstrates equivalence between the
(SPR): External contour         version V.1.10 and V.1.9 of the external contours
non-regression protocol for     and show that the new added anatomies in the
integration in ART-Plan        module  Annotate  provides  clinically  acceptable  Passed
V1.10.0                         contours. The external contour for  all anatomies
                            passed  the  defined  criteria, and hence were
                             accepted for release in the v1.10.
                               This test demonstrates equivalence between the
Testing Protocol/Report -        version v.1.10 and v.1.9 of the auto-segmentation
Autoseg CT, MR              models  for  all  structures and shows  that  the
                                                                      Passed
non-regression test for         updated  models  provide   clinically  acceptable
integration in ART-Plan          contours.  All organs passed the defined criteria,
V1.10.0                     and were hence accepted for release in the v1.10.
Study Protocol and Report       This  test  demonstrates  that Annotate  provides
Qualitative Validation of         acceptable contours for structures of the thorax
Annotate in ART-Plan V1.10.0    region: thoracic aorta and bronchial  trees. This
                                                                      Passed
for Thorax                         qualitative test was performed as an addition to
                               Section 18.21 to ensure the contours are clinically
                                acceptable.
Study Protocol and Report-      This test demonstrates that the Annotate provides
Autosegmentation                  clinically  acceptable  (compared  to  inter-expert
performances against              variability) for all MR-T1 Brain structures.  Existing
                                                                      Passed
inter-expert variability - Brain     structures present in the previous version (v.1.8 -
MR (V1.10.0)                 see Section 18.8) were also re-evaluated since a
                             complete retraining of the model was done.
Study Protocol and Report       This test demonstrates that the module Annotate
Qualitative Validation of         provides  acceptable  contours   for  9  organs
Annotate in ART-Plan V1.10.0   evaluated on MR Truefisp images of patients. All
for Pelvis Truefisp model        organs have passed the acceptance criterion of  Passed
                               reaching a percentage of at least 85% of A or B
                                     (qualitative evaluation) and hence can be released
                                      in v.1.10.0.
Study Protocol and Report       This  test  demonstrates  that Annotate  provides
Qualitative Validation of         acceptable contours for following cervical lymph
Annotate in ART-Plan V1.10.0   nodes levels: Ia, Ib right, VIIa left, VIIb right, II left,  Passed
for H&N Lymph nodes                  III right, V left, IVb right, IVb left. All cervical lymph
                           nodes having reached a percentage of at least


   Page 25 of 28

TheraPanacea
                          Traditional 510(k)
                         ART-Plan

                      85%  of A  or  B,    the  performance  of  auto
                              segmentation  is  demonstrated,  and hence  all
                                  structures were included in V1.10.
Study Protocol and Report       This  test  demonstrates  that Annotate  provides
Qualitative Validation of            clinically acceptable contours, following qualitative
Annotate in ART-Plan V1.10.0   measures, for the new version v.1.10. It serves as
                           an additional evaluation to Section 18.21, and was
                           done on a set of organs of all anatomies for both
                                the CT and MR models. The benchmarking was
                                                                      Passed
                           done not only against the qualitative evaluation but
                                also against the manual contours and a previously
                                 validated version of the models. All contours can
                           be  considered as  acceptable as  at  least one
                                      criterion  was  met  for  each  of  the  included
                                   structures.
Study Protocol and Report     The purpose of this document is to describe all the
Annotate Performances          testing protocols and testing results for validating
Summary (V1.10.0)             the performance of the Annotate module.
                                                                      Passed
                              Since  all organs added  in v.1.10.0 of Annotate
                           have passed at least one test and met at least one
                             acceptance criteria, all organs have been released.
                          The evaluation demonstrated the non-inferiority of
                               using Annotate’s pseudo-CT for treatment planning
                                      in terms of dosimetric measures as compared to
Testing: pseudo-CT clinical
                           CT-based treatment planning. Our pseudo-CT for
performance and comparison
                                   pelvis has shown to produce results that meet the  Passed
to predicates (pelvis)
                             acceptance  criteria derived from  clinical practice
(V1.10.0)
                           and literature review as well as to perform at least
                            as  good  as  two  FDA  cleared  devices  for
                           pseudo-CT generation.
                          The evaluation demonstrated the non-inferiority of
                               using Annotate’s pseudo-CT for treatment planning
                                      in terms of dosimetric measures as compared to
Testing: pseudo-CT clinical
                           CT-based treatment planning. Our pseudo-CT for
performance and comparison
                                   pelvis has shown to produce results that meet the  Passed
to predicates (brain)
                             acceptance  criteria derived from  clinical practice
(V1.10.0)
                           and literature review as well as to perform at least
                            as  good  as  two  FDA  cleared  devices  for
                           pseudo-CT generation.

                               This evaluation demonstrated the non-inferiority of
Study Protocol & Report         using ART-Plan v1.10.0 for annotation of organs as
(SPR): Testing:               compared  to  other  devices  which have been
Autosegmentation                                cleared for use in the US. In addition, ART-Plan  Passed
performances against
                                v1.10.0 offers almost 3 times (2.72) more organspredicates
                               than MIM/ContourProtege AI, which represents an(V1.10.0)
                                   additional benefit to the users as compared to other
                                devices.
Study Protocol & Report          In  this  test, Annotate demonstrated  equivalent
                                                                      Passed
(SPR): Autosegmentation       performances between non-US and US population


   Page 26 of 28

TheraPanacea
                          Traditional 510(k)
                         ART-Plan

performances on Thorax US      for the Thorax localisation. Considering that this is
data                       a   worst   case   scenario   of   morphological
(V1.10.0)                      deformation due to factors such as age, gender or
                               weight   in  abdominal  region,  we  claim  that
                                considering  any  localisation  included   in  the
                               intended use of ART-Plan, any autosegmentation
                                    result demonstrated on a non-US population can
                           be generalized to a US population. Nonetheless,
                           TheraPanacea  has  performed  an   additional
                                 evaluation on pediatric US-data covering all other
                                   localisations included in the intended use of the
                                 device.
                               Considering the fact that  all the structures have
                             reached a percentage of 90% (>=85%) of A or B
                                      for the MR brain model, and that 11/15 structures
                            passed   with  success   for   the  CT  model,
                            Therapanacea claims that the performance of auto
                              segmentation   on   said   organs   has  been
                             demonstrated for the studied population.
                           These results highlight the high generalizability of
Clinical evaluation of automatic
                                the commercial  tool,  initially made for adults, to
segmentation on Pediatric
                                   pediatric  cases and  its  clinical  implementation  Passed
images
                                         feasibility.  Note   that   this  study  served   to
(V1.10.0)
                             demonstrate that ART-Plan’s Annotate, trained on
                           European  data, can be generalised  to the US
                                population  given  that    it  would  be   clinically
                               acceptable even for pediatric cases where a more
                              prominent change in size is expected than the one
                            between two adults from different countries. This
                           does not mean that TheraPanacea is claiming that
                            ART-Plan should be used for pediatric patients.

System Verification and        The system verification and validation testing was
                                                                      Passed
Validation Testing              performed to verify the software of the ART-Plan.


   Software Verification and Validation Testing

   Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provided
   as recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
   Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.”

   The software for this device was considered as a “major” level of concern, since a failure or
    latent design flaw could directly result in death or serious injury to the patient or a failure or
    provide diagnostic information that directly drives a decision regarding treatment or therapy,
   such that if misapplied it could result in serious injury or death.

   Animal Studies

   No animal studies were conducted as part of submission to prove substantial equivalence.

    Clinical Studies

   Page 27 of 28

TheraPanacea
                        Traditional 510(k)
                       ART-Plan


No clinical studies were conducted as part of submission to prove substantial equivalence.

Safety and Effectiveness/Conclusion:

Based on the information presented in these 510(k) premarket notifications the TheraPanacea
ART-Plan is considered substantially equivalent. The TheraPanacea ART-Plan is as safe and
effective as the currently marketed predicate devices.

Based on  testing and comparison with the predicate devices, TheraPanacea ART-Plan
indicated no adverse indications or results.  It is our determination that the TheraPanacea
ART-Plan performs  within  its design specifications and  is substantially equivalent to the
predicate device.


Page 28 of 28