July 29, 2022
GE Healthcare Japan Corporation
℅ Wang Xing
Regulatory Affairs Manager
GE Hangwei Medical Systems Co., Ltd.
West Area of Building No.3, No.1 Yongchang North Road
Beijing Economic & Technological Development Area, Beijing 100176
CHINA

Re: K220961
    Trade/Device Name: Deep Learning Image Reconstruction
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed tomography x-ray system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: July 13, 2022
    Received: July 14, 2022

Dear Wang Xing:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K220961 - Wang Xing                                                                 Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                                                                               Laurel M. Burk -S
                                                                                                         2022.07.29 07:34:46 -04'00'


                                             Laurel Burk, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Imaging Devices
                                           and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)

K220961
Device Name
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software is a deep learning based reconstruction method intended to produce
cross-sectional images of the head and whole body by computer reconstruction of X-ray transmission data taken at
different angles and planes, including Axial, Helical (Volumetric), and Cardiac acquisitions, for all ages.
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software can be used for head, whole body, cardiac, and vascular CT applications.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR


                              510(k) SUMMARY                K220961

This 510(k) summary of Safety and Effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the
requirement of 21 CFR Part 807.87(h):

  Date:                          March 31, 2022

  Submitter:                     GE Healthcare Japan Corporation

                                       7-127, Asahigaoka, 4-chome

                                          Hino-shi, Tokyo, 191-8503, Japan


  Primary Contact:               Wang Xing

                                      Regulatory Affairs Manager

                                 Phone +86 (10) 57388271

                                         Email: Xing1.wang@ge.com


  Secondary Contacts:                Helen Peng
                                       Senior Regulatory Affairs Director
                              GE Healthcare
                                              Tel: +1 (262) 4248222
                                         Email: hong.peng@med.ge.com

                                    John Jaeckle
                                        Chief Regulatory Affairs Strategist
                              GE Healthcare
                                              Tel: +1 (262) 4249547
                                         Email: john.jaeckle@med.ge.com


  Device Trade Name:              Deep Learning Image Reconstruction

  Device Classification                  Class II

  Regulation Number/ Product Code:  21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system /JAK


  Predicate Device Information

  Device Name:                   Deep Learning Image Reconstruction

  Manufacturer:                  GE Medical Systems, LLC

  510(k) Number:                  K183202 cleared on April 12, 2019

  Regulation Number/ Product Code:  21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system /JAK

                                       Page-1

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR


  Reference Devices Information

  Device Name:                       ASiR-V

  Manufacturer:                  GE Medical Systems, LLC

  510(k) Number:                  K133640 cleared on March 25, 2014

  Regulation Number/ Product Code:  21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system /JAK


  Device Name:                        Discovery CT750 HD

  Manufacturer:                  GE Medical Systems, LLC

  510(k) Number:                   K120833 cleared on June 13, 2012

  Regulation Number/ Product Code:   21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system /JAK

Device Description

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction is an image reconstruction method that uses a dedicated Deep
Neural Network (DNN) that has been designed and trained specifically to generate CT Images to give an
image appearance, as shown on axial NPS plots, similar to traditional FBP images while maintaining the
performance of ASiR‐V in the following areas: dose, image noise (pixel standard deviation), low contrast
detectability, high‐contrast spatial resolution, and streak artifact suppression.

The images produced are branded as “TrueFidelityTM CT Images”. Reconstruction times with Deep
Learning Image Reconstruction software support a normal throughput for routine CT.

The deep  learning technology  is  integrated  into the  scanner’s  existing raw data-based image
reconstruction chain to produce DICOM compatible “TrueFidelityTM CT Images”.

The system allows user selection of three strengths of Deep Learning Image Recon: Low, Medium or High.
The strength selection will vary with individual users’ preferences and experience for the specific clinical
need.

DLIR  has been cleared on GE’s multiple CT systems of varying image chains, including Revolution CT
systems (K133705, K163213, K191777), Revolution EVO (K131576) /Revolution Maxima (K192686) and
Revolution Ascend (K201369). Now the DLIR algorithm is being ported to Discovery CT750 HD family CT
systems (K120833) which include Discovery CT750 HD, Revolution Frontier and Revolution Discovery CT,
thus triggering this premarket notification.

Compared to the predicate device, the intended use and indications for use of Deep Learning Image
Reconstruction are identical.

Intended Use

The Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software is intended for head, whole body, cardiac, and vascular
CT scans.


                                       Page-2

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR


Indications for Use

The Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software is a deep learning based reconstruction method
intended to produce cross-sectional images of the head and whole body by computer reconstruction of
X-ray transmission data taken at different angles and planes, including Axial, Helical (Volumetric), and
Cardiac acquisitions, for all ages.

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software can be used for head, whole body, cardiac, and vascular CT
applications.

Comparisons

The GE Deep Learning Image Reconstruction (DLIR) software for Discovery CT750 HD family CT systems,
is substantially equivalent to the unmodified predicate device DLIR reconstruction option (K183202) for
Revolution CT family. The fundamental technology, i.e., the DLIR algorithm, remains unchanged from the
predicate. The table below summarizes the substantive feature/technological differences between the
predicate device and the proposed device:

 Specification/ Attribute  Deep Learning Image             Deep Learning Image
                          Reconstruction                      Reconstruction

                           (Predicate Device, K183202)         (Proposed Device)

 Technology                 Utilizes a dedicated Deep Neural     Same
                       Network (DNN) designed specifically
                           to generate high quality CT images

 Clinical Workflow          Select recon type and strength (Low,  Same
                      Medium, High)

 Clinical Use              Routine Clinical Use              Same

 Reference               Using the same Reference protocols   Using the same Reference protocols
 protocols/dose           provided on the Revolution CT        provided on the Discovery CT750
                           family systems for ASiR-V         HD family CT systems for ASiR-V

 IQ performance vs dose   Image noise, low contrast           Image noise, low contrast
                              detectability, spatial resolution, and    detectability, spatial resolution, and
                        low signal artifact suppression as     low signal artifact suppression as
                       good or better than ASiR-V on       good or better than ASiR-V on
                          Revolution CT family systems         Discovery CT750 HD family CT
                                                          systems

 Deployment          On CT Console                On GE’s Edison Platform.
 Environment


                                       Page-3

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR


Deep Learning Image Reconstruction on the Discovery CT750 HD family CT systems does not introduce
any new risks/hazards, warnings, or limitations.

The changes described above do not change the fundamental control mechanism, operating principle,
and do not change the intended use from the predicate device.

Determination of Substantial Equivalence

Summary of Performance Testing

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction has successfully completed the design control testing per our quality
system. No additional hazards were identified, and no unexpected test results were observed. Deep
Learning Image Reconstruction was designed under the Quality System Regulations of 21CFR 820 and ISO
13485. GE believes that the extensive software testing, IQ bench testing are sufficient for FDA’s substantial
equivalence determination.

The following quality assurance measures have been applied to the development of the software:

       •  Requirement Definition
       •   Risk Analysis and Control
       •   Technical Design Reviews
       •  Formal Design Reviews
       •  Software Development Lifecycle
           o  Code Review
           o  Software Unit Implementation
           o  Software Integrations and Integration Testing
       •  System Testing
           o  Safety Testing (Verification)
           o  Image Performance Testing (Verification)
           o  Simulating Use Testing (Validation)
       •  Software Release

The testing and results did not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness than associated with
predicate device. We consider the proposed device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device,
DLIR for Revolution CT products.

The substantial equivalence is also based on the software documentation for a “Moderate” level of
concern device.

Additionally, the same set of tests and test methods employed on the predicate DLIR for Revolution CT
were reproduced to support substantial equivalence and the product performance claims of the subject
device.

Substantial Equivalence

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction (DLIR) software for Discovery CT750 HD family CT systems was
developed under GE Healthcare’s quality system. The changes associated with Deep Learning Image
Reconstruction (DLIR) do not change the Intended Use from the predicate, and represent equivalent
technology characteristics, with no impact on control mechanism, operating principle, and energy type.


                                       Page-4

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – DLIR


Design verification and validation, including IQ bench testing, demonstrate that the Deep Learning Image
Reconstruction (DLIR) software met all of its design requirement and performance criteria. Design control
and risk management processes did not identify any new hazards, unexpected results, or adverse effects
stemming from the changes to the predicate.

GE Healthcare believes that Deep Learning Image Reconstruction Software is substantially equivalent to
the legally marketed predicate device and hence is safe and effective for its intended use.


                                       Page-5