Siemens Medical Solutions USA Inc.
℅ Clayton Ginn
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
810 Innovation Drive
KNOXVILLE TN 37932


Re: K220783
    Trade/Device Name:  syngo.via RT Image Suite
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.5050
    Regulation Name: Medical Charged-Particle Radiation Therapy System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MUJ
    Dated: August 8, 2022
    Received: August 8, 2022

Dear Clayton Ginn:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K220783 - Clayton Ginn                                                               Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,

                        Lora D.         DigitallyLora D. Weidnersigned by-S
                      Weidner -S Date:11:21:592022.09.07-04'00'                                                                                             for
                                                    Julie Sullivan
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K220783
Device Name
syngo.via RT Image Suite
Indications for Use (Describe)
syngo.via RT Image Suite is a 3D and 4D image visualization, multimodality manipulation and contouring tool that helps
the preparation of treatments such as, but not limited to those performed with radiation (for example, Brachytherapy,
Particle Therapy, External Beam Radiation Therapy). It provides tools to view existing contours, create, edit, modify,
copy contours of regions of the body, such as but not limited to, skin outline, targets and organs-at-risk. It also provides
functionalities to create simple geometric treatment plans. Contours, images and treatment plans can subsequently be
exported to a Treatment Planning System.
The software combines the following digital image processing and visualization tools:
* Multi-modality viewing and contouring of anatomical, functional, and multiparametric images such as but not limited to
CT, PET, PET/CT, MRI, Linac CBCT images
* Multiplanar reconstruction (MPR) thin/thick, minimum intensity projection (MIP), volume rendering technique (VRT)
* Freehand and semi-automatic contouring of regions-of-interest on any orientation including oblique
+ Automated Contouring on CT images
* Creation of contours on images supported by the application without prior assignment of a planning CT
+ Manual and semi-automatic registration using rigid and deformable registration
+ Supports the user in comparing, contouring, and adapting contours based on datasets acquired with different imaging
modalities and at different time points
* Supports multi-modality image fusion
+ Visualization and contouring of moving tumors and organs
* Management of points of interest including but not limited to the isocenter
+ Creation of simple geometric treatment plans
* Generation of a synthetic CT based on multiple pre-define MR acquisitions
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K220783

                510(K) SUMMARY
                   FOR
           SYNGO.VIA RT IMAGE SUITE

I.    Identification of the Submitter
Importer/Distributor
Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
40 Liberty Boulevard
Malvern, PA 19355

Establishment Registration Number
2240869

Manufacturing Site
Siemens Healthcare GmbH
Siemensstr 1
D-91301 Forchheim, Germany

Establishment Registration Number
3004977335

Submitter Contact Person:
Clayton Ginn
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
2501 North Barrington Road
Hoffman Estates, IL 60192-2061
Phone: (865) 898-2692
Email: clayton.ginn@siemens-healthineers.com

II.   Device Name and Classification
Product Name:          syngo.via RT Image Suite
Propriety Trade Name:   syngo.via RT Image Suite
Classification Name:    Medical charged-particle radiation therapy system
Classification Panel:    Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.5050
Device Class:           Class II
Product Code:       MUJ

III.  Predicate Device
Predicate Device:
Trade Name:            syngo.via RT Image Suite
510(k) Number:       K211379
Clearance Date:         07/30/2021
Classification Name:    Medical charged-particle radiation therapy system
Classification Panel:    Radiology

CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.5050
Device Class:           Class II
Product Code:       MUJ

Reference Device:
Trade Name:          syngo.CT Bone Reading
510(k) Number:       K123584
Clearance Date:         03/12/2013
Classification Name:    System, X-Ray, Tomography, Computed
Classification Panel:    Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.1750
Device Class:           Class II
Product Code:       JAK

IV.  Device Description
The subject device with the current software version SOMARIS/8 VB70 is an image analysis software
for viewing, manipulation, 3D and 4D visualization, comparison of medical images from multiple
imaging modalities and for the segmentation of tumors and organs-at-risk, prior to dosimetric planning
in radiation therapy. syngo.via RT Image Suite combines routine and advanced digital image processing
and visualization tools for manual and software assisted contouring of volumes of interest, identification
of points of interest, sending isocenter points to an external laser system, registering images and
exporting final results. syngo.via RT Image Suite supports the medical professional with tools to use
during different steps in radiation therapy case preparation.
For the current software version SOMARIS/8 VB70 the following already cleared features have been
modified:

    •   Patient Marking
    •   Contouring
    •  4D Features
    •   Basic Features of the subject device
V.   Indications for Use
syngo.via RT Image Suite is a 3D and 4D image visualization, multi-modality manipulation and
contouring tool that helps the preparation of treatments such as, but not limited to those performed with
radiation (for example, Brachytherapy, Particle Therapy, External Beam Radiation Therapy).
It provides tools to view existing contours, create, edit, modify, copy contours of regions of the body,
such as but not limited to, skin outline, targets and organs-at-risk. It also provides functionalities to
create simple geometric treatment plans. Contours, images and treatment plans can subsequently be
exported to a Treatment Planning System.
The software combines the following digital image processing and visualization tools:

    •   Multi-modality viewing and contouring of anatomical, functional, and multi-parametric images
       such as but not limited to CT, PET, PET/CT, MRI, Linac CBCT images
    •   Multiplanar reconstruction (MPR) thin/thick, minimum intensity projection (MIP), volume
        rendering technique (VRT)
    •   Freehand and semi-automatic contouring of regions-of-interest on any orientation including
        oblique
    •  Automated Contouring on CT images

•   Creation of contours on images supported by the application without prior assignment of a
       planning CT
    •  Manual and semi-automatic registration using rigid and deformable registration
    •   Supports the user in comparing, contouring, and adapting contours based on datasets acquired
       with different imaging modalities and at different time points
    •   Supports multi-modality image fusion
    •   Visualization and contouring of moving tumors and organs
    •  Management of points of interest including but not limited to the isocenter
    •   Creation of simple geometric treatment plans
    •   Generation of a synthetic CT based on multiple pre-define MR acquisitions


The Indications for Use is unchanged from that of the predicate device.

VI.  Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device
As with the predicate device syngo.via RT Image Suite SOMARIS/8 VB70, the subject device supports
viewing, manipulation, 3D and 4D visualization, comparison of medical images from multiple imaging
modalities and the segmentation of tumors and organs-at-risk, prior to dosimetric planning and response
assessment in radiation therapy.
At a high-level a tabular summary of the subject and predicate device’s technological differences is
provided as Table 4 below for the software version SOMARIS/8 VB70:


 Feature           Description and Comparison of the Subject Device to the Predicate Device
 Patient Marking    General Description:
                    Transmission of reference points with the offset details to a movable laser
                   system for patient marking.

                    Modification:
                       •   Simplified workflow to place isocenters in the spine
                       •   Consistent user-configured default names for POIs throughout the
                              application
 Contouring        General Description
                  With Contouring, the user can create, delete, and edit Volumes of Interest
                    (VOIs).

                    Modification:
                       •  Tool to convert isodose lines from a DICOM RT dose file to contours
                       •  Minor usability improvement in the structure display in the image
                         segment
 4D Features       General Description:
                 The subject device provides features to handle 4D image data, such as the
                     display of a cine loop of images acquired through gated CT.

                    Modification:
                       •   Contouring on 4D Image Data improved
                       •   Lobe-based Lung Ventilation implemented
 Basic Feature of    General Description:
 syngo.via RT      The set provides basic feature of the subject device.
 Image Suite
                    Modification:
            A software interface was added to provide additional advanced visualization
                  and measurement tools to extend the subject device

VII. Performance Data
The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.
Software Verification and Validation
Software Documentation for a Major Level of Concern software per FDA’s Guidance Document
“Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”
issued on May 11, 2005 is also included as part of this submission. The performance data
demonstrates continued conformance with special controls for medical devices containing software.
The Risk Analysis was completed, and risk control implemented to mitigate identified hazards. The
testing supports that all software specifications have met the acceptance criteria. Testing for
verification and validation support the claim of substantial equivalence.

Summary of the Clinical Validation
The subject device employs an algorithm to calculate lobe-based lung ventilation based on two input
CT images representing an inspiration and expiration breathing state of the patient. The algorithm
contains an AI-based component, namely deep-learning based autosegmentation of lung lobes. The AIbased component is combined with the analytic calculation of a ventilation metric that is well established
in scientific literature. The output is segmented lung lobes with an associated ventilation value.

The AI-based component of the algorithm is reused in unmodified form the previously cleared software
version VB40A. The segmentation model was  trained and validated on annotated thoracic CT
scans from 8721 and 969 patients, respectively.  It was tested on an independent cohort of 18
radiotherapy patients (6 female, 12 male). Test data was acquired from external clinical collaborations
with radiotherapy departments in Europe and the Americas. The clinics used standard radiotherapy
equipment and protocols to acquire the CT images. The test set was not made available to the model
development team, thus guaranteeing its independence from the training set. Acceptance criterion for
the  test was unchanged geometric overlap with the annotated ground truth as measured by DICE
compared to the predicate device. The test passed the acceptance  criterion  for  all lung  lobes. A
mean DICE of 0.92 was achieved for the lung lobes across the test set.

In addition to the validation of the AI-based segmentation component, a clinical validation of the entire
lobe-based lung  ventilation algorithm was performed on 108 CT  datasets from 74 individual
lung radiotherapy patients (25 female, 49 male; median age: 66 yrs, range 42-87 yrs). Two subgroups
were formed based on the CT acquisition technique and respective breathing mode of the patient.

In the  first subgroup (4D-CT  with normal  breathing),  the  distribution  of  lung  ventilation  as
produced by the predicate device was evaluated. The five lung lobes showed a similar distribution
of lung ventilation with median of about 20%. The investigation demonstrated that the median
ventilation is well aligned with the ground truth obtained from literature, confirming the validity of the
results returned by the evaluated lung ventilation algorithm.

In the second subgroup (breathhold CT with forced breathing), a proxy for the vital capacity was
calculated from the ventilation results as returned from the subject device; and correlated with vital
capacity as measured by PFT (spirometry) for the same patient within one week of the CT scan. A
significant Pearson correlation of R = 0.63 was observed (p < 0.001). In conclusion, the lung
ventilation algorithm, based on a CT acquisition, was successfully validated by spirometry, a widely
used standard method for assessment of pulmonary function.

Limitations of the clinical evaluation
 •   In the first subgroup, the ground truth was taken from an expected value obtained from literature,
     rather than establishing ground truth from each patient undergoing standard diagnostic evaluation
     for ventilation.
 •   In the second subgroup, the two clinical exams (spirometry and CT) were taken at two different
     time points (within one week) and under varying conditions for the patient (upright vs. supine
     pose, forced maximal expiration vs. instructed controlled breath hold, breathing with nose
    clamped vs. breathing with nose and mouth, etc).”

Because of these limitations, which may have positive or negatives effects on the results of the clinical
study, the physician should be aware of these limitations and also be aware that the calculation is based
on the volume and mean HU values of the lobes in the inspiration and expiration series, rather than a
measurement of the air flow through each lung using an inhaled radiopharmaceutical as normally
performed in nuclear medicine procedures. Thus, the ventilation results produced by RT Image Suite
should not be used as the sole diagnostic tool. Clinical diagnostic evaluation of the lung ventilation is
normally performed by a ventilation perfusion nuclear medicine study.

Non-Clinical Testing
This submission contains performance  tests (Non-clincal  test reports) to demonstrate continued
conformance with  special  controls  for medical devices containing  software. Non-clinical  tests
(integration and functional) were conducted for syngo.via RT Image Suite during product development.
These tests have been performed to test the ability of the included features of the subject device. The
results of these tests demonstrate that the subject device performs as intended. The result of all conducted
testing was found acceptable to support the claim of substantial equivalence.
Risk Analysis
The risk analysis was completed, and risk control implemented to mitigate identified hazards. The
testing results support that all the software specifications have met the acceptance criteria. Testing for
verification and validation of the device was found acceptable to support the claims of substantial
equivalence.
Siemens hereby certifies that syngo.via RT Image Suite will meet the following voluntary standards
covering electrical and mechanical safety listed below, prior to introduction into interstate commerce:

                                                                                          Standards   Recognition      Product                                                Date of                                                    Title of Standard                              Development    Number        Area                                                   Recognition                                                                                           Organization
                                     Digital Imaging and Communications in 12-300           Radiology                                                   06/27/2016      NEMA                               Medicine (DICOM) Set; PS 3.1 – 3.20
                               Medical Device Software –Software Life Cycle                AAMI, ANSI, 13-79            Software                                                    01/14/2019                                   Processes; 62304:2015-06 (Edition 1.1)                           IEC
                               Medical devices – Application of risk                   Software/ 5-40                        management to medical devices; 14971 Second     06/27/2016         ISO                    Informatics                                   Edition 2007-03-01
                               Medical devices - Part 1: Application of                  General I 5-114                               usability engineering to medical devices           12/23/2016         IEC               (QS/RM)                           IEC 62366-1:2015

VIII. Conclusion
syngo.via RT Image Suite (software version SOMARIS/8 VB70) has the same intended use and same
indication for use as the predicate device (software version SOMARIS/8 VB60). The fundamental
technological characteristics are the same as the predicate device. The result of all testing conducted
was found acceptable to support the claim of substantial equivalence. The comparison of technological
characteristics, non-clinical performance data, and software validation demonstrates that the subject
device is as safe and effective when compared to the predicate device that is currently marketed for the
same intended use. For the subject device, syngo.via RT Image Suite, Siemens used the same testing
with the same workflows as used to clear the predicate device. Siemens considers syngo.via RT Image
Suite to be as safe, as effective and with performance substantially equivalent to the commercially
available predicate devices.