May 3, 2022

Scopio Labs Ltd.
℅ Randy Prebula
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20004


Re: K220013
    Trade/Device Name: X100HT with Slide Loader with Full Field Peripheral Blood Smear (PBS)
                         Application
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 864.5260
    Regulation Name: Automated Cell-Locating Device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JOY
    Dated: January 4, 2022
    Received: January 4, 2022

Dear Randy Prebula:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K220013 - Randy Prebula                                                              Page 2


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
              Min Wu -S
                                   Min Wu, Ph.D.
                                         Branch Chief
                                             Division of Immunology and Hematology Devices
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)


Device Name
X100HT with Full Field Peripheral Blood Smear (PBS) Application


Indications for Use (Describe)
The X100HT with Full Field Peripheral Blood Smear (PBS) Application is intended to locate and display images of
white cells, red cells, and platelets acquired from fixed and stained peripheral blood smears and assists a qualified
technologist in conducting a WBC differential, RBC morphology evaluation, and platelet estimate using those images.
For in vitro diagnostic use only. For professional use only.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF
                                                                              027

Scopio Labs
Cell Morphology at Scale

                       510(k) SUMMARY

This 510(k) Premarket Notification Summary is prepared in accordance with 21 CFR 807.92.

    I.    Submitter Information
           Sponsor Name:             Scopio Labs Ltd.

           Sponsor Address:           Scopio Labs Ltd.
                                  10 Ha’Sharon Street
                                      Tel Aviv 6578313
                                              Israel

           Sponsor Email:             info@scopiolabs.com

           Contact Person:            Shahar Karny
                        COO
                                     Scopio Labs
           Contact Email:             shahar@scopiolabs.com
          Date Summary Prepared:    December 23, 2021

    II.   Device
           Trade (Proprietary) Name:  X100HT with Full Field Peripheral Blood Smear
                                   (PBS) Application

           Regulation Number:       21CFR§864.5260
           Regulation Name:          Automated cell-locating device
           Regulatory Class:               II
           Product Code:          JOY
           Product Panel:            Hematology

    III.   Predicate Device
            Predicate A
          Device Name:           X100 with Full Field Peripheral Blood Smear
                                   (PBS) Application
          Device 510(k):           K201301
           Manufacturer              Scopio Labs

Scopio Labs
Cell Morphology at Scale

   IV.   Device Description
        X100HT with Full Field Peripheral Blood Smear (PBS) Application automatically
           locates and presents high resolution digital images from fixed and stained peripheral
          blood smears.

         The user browses through the imaged smear to gain high-level general impressions of
           the sample. In conducting white blood cells (WBC) differential, the user reviews the
        X100HT with Full Field PBS suggested classification of each automatically detected
      WBC and may manually change the suggested classification of any cell. In conducting
           red blood  cells (RBC) morphology  evaluation, the user can  characterize RBC
         morphology on observed images. In conducting platelets estimation, the user reviews
          each automatically detected platelet and the suggested platelets estimation and may
          manually change the detections or the estimation.

         The X100HT with Full Field PBS enables efficient slide loading by providing three
            cassettes, each can be loaded with up to ten peripheral blood smear slides. The slide
           loader automatically adds mounting media and coverslips to the slides and loads them
            into the X100 for scanning and analysis.

         The X100HT with Full Field PBS is intended to be used by skilled users, trained in the
          use of the device and in the identification of blood cells.

   V.   Intended Use
         The X100HT with Full Field Peripheral Blood Smear (PBS) Application is intended to
           locate and display images of white cells, red cells, and platelets acquired from fixed
         and stained peripheral blood smears and assists a qualified technologist in conducting
          a WBC differential, RBC morphology evaluation, and platelet estimate using those
          images. For in vitro diagnostic use only. For professional use only.

   VI.  Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate
        Devices
         The X100HT  with  Full  Field  Peripheral Blood Smear (PBS)  Application  is
            substantially equivalent to its predicate device, the X100 with Full Field Peripheral
         Blood Smear (PBS) Application (K201301). The subject device has the same intended
          use as the predicate in that both devices are intended to assist a qualified user in
          conducting evaluations of white blood cells, red blood cells and platelets within a fixed
         and stained peripheral blood smear. Additionally, both devices are also substantially
           equivalent with respect to technological characteristics. In both the X100HT and X100
          with Full Field PBS, the X100 hardware is identical. Moreover, the Full Field PBS
          software application module responsible for the imaging and analysis is identical. The
         main differences between the subject device and the predicate are the addition of a
           Slide Loader add-on which encapsulates the X100, additional slide locks were added
            to the X100 tray, and a minor modification to the Full Field PBS application module
           responsible for scan initiation was implemented. The Slide Loader replaces required
         manual user actions of mounting media and slide cover-slipping and slide-tray loading.

Scopio Labs
Cell Morphology at Scale

         The additional tray locks were introduced to verify reliable slide positioning. The
          modified Full Field PBS application module enables the three-cassette workflow rather
          than the three slides workflow. As with the predicate, the preparation of the stained
          blood smear and bar coding of the slide are identical for the X100HT and are still
           externally prepared by the user, either manually or by third party devices. While the
         manual steps of mounting media and coverslip addition were replaced by a mechanical
          module, and the minor change of scan initiation interface, the analysis information
          provided by both devices uses the identical technology that was originally 510(k)-
           cleared and must be interpreted and confirmed or adjusted by the trained user. Thus,
           the minor differences do not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness.

         The similarities and differences between the subject device and the predicate devices
           are summarized in Table 1 below.

Scopio Labs
Cell Morphology at Scale

    Table 1. Comparison of Characteristics of the X100HT with the Predicate Device

                                                                X100 with Full Field PBS
         Item                  X100HT with Full Field PBS
                                                                                             (Predicate, K201301)
 Intended Use          The X100HT with Full Field Peripheral Blood Smear     Same
                      (PBS) Application is intended to locate and display
                       images of white cells, red cells, and platelets acquired
                      from fixed and stained peripheral blood smears and
                              assists a qualified technologist in conducting a WBC
                              differential, RBC morphology evaluation, and platelet
                          estimate using those images. For in vitro diagnostic use
                           only. For professional use only.
 Sample Type            Peripheral whole blood                           Same
 Sample Smear         Sample is smeared on a glass microscope slide          Same
                           (Either manually or by third party device).
 Sample Staining        Sample’s smear is fixated and stained with Romanowsky   Same
                              stain. (Either manually or by third party device)
 Sample Identification    Sample’s microscope slide is identified by a unique       Same
                        barcode label. (Barcode label is applied either manually
                          or by third party device).
 Sample Cover         The X100HT automatically applies mounting media and a  User manually applies
 Slipping                 glass cover slip onto the sample’s microscope slide.        mounting media and a
                                                                                        glass cover slip onto the
                                                                               sample’s microscope slide.
 Sample Loading       The user manually places up to 30 slides into 3            User manually inserts up
                           extractable cassettes, and inserts them into the Slide         to 3 slides into an
                         Loader. The Slide Loader sequentially inserts the slides      extractable tray, and
                            into the X100 scanner.                                 manually inserts the tray in
                                                                                          to the X100 scanner.
 High-Resolution         Fully automated scan and image acquisition.             Same.
 Image Acquisition
                        Captures multiple images under plurality of illumination
                          conditions and reconstructs a 100X magnification image
                          of the viewed area, without the need for immersion oil.
 Analysis Technique:   WBC are located/counted by moving according to the     Same
 White Blood Cells       battlement pattern (ensuring that each cell is counted only
                          once). Cell images are analyzed using standard
                        mathematical methods, including deterministic artificial
                          neural networks (ANN's) trained to distinguish between
                           classes of white blood cells. The cell images are preclassified, and the user reviews the suggested
                             classification, and accepts or reclassifies the images.
 Analysis Technique:    Red blood cells: The device presents an overview image.   Same
 Red Blood Cells       The examiners characterize red blood cell morphology
                      from the image.
 Daily QC            The QC procedure controls for slide preparation (both     Same
                        smearing and staining) and device performance. If the QC
                        procedure does not pass, the operator must resolve the
                       problem and rerun the QC before processing samples.

 Analysis Technique:     Platelets are automatically located/counted by moving     Same
 Platelets                according to the battlement pattern (ensuring that each
                              cell is counted only once). The user reviews the suggested
                          estimate of the platelet concentration, and accepts or
                         modifies the result.

Scopio Labs
Cell Morphology at Scale

                                                                X100 with Full Field PBS
         Item                  X100HT with Full Field PBS
                                                                                             (Predicate, K201301)
 Pre-classified WBC      Cell images are grouped into eighteen (18) categories:     Same
                        •   Band Neutrophils
                        •   Segmented Neutrophils
                        •   Lymphocytes
                        •   Atypical Lymphocytes
                        •   Large Granular Lymphocytes
                        •   Aberrant Lymphocytes
                        •   Monocytes
                        •   Eosinophils
                        •   Basophils
                        •   Promyelocyte
                        •   Metamyelocytes
                        •   Myelocytes
                        •   Blasts
                        •   Plasma Cells
                        •   Nucleated Red Blood Cells
                        •   Unclassified
                        •  Smudge cells
                        •   Dirt
 Dimensions             Width 39cm                                            Width 32cm
                         Length 42cm                                              Length 32cm
                           Height 55cm                                                Height 35cm
 Weight                 33 Kg                                                 14 Kg
 Power Source             120/100 – 240V, 1.5A, 50 – 60 Hz                     Same

Scopio Labs
Cell Morphology at Scale

   VII.  Testing
         Software and Hardware Verification and Validation Testing

      A comprehensive risk analysis was conducted and documentation was provided as
         recommended by FDA’s guidance. Verification and validation testing was conducted
         and documentation was updated. The application was considered as a “moderate” level
           of concern, since a malfunction failure or latent design flaw in the software could lead
            to an erroneous diagnosis or a delay in delivery of appropriate medical care that could
           lead to a minor injury.

      EMC Testing

         The X100HT with Full Field PBS successfully passed EMC testing in compliance with
        IEC 60601-1-2 4th edition (2014) standard and FCC CFR 47 Part 15 Subpart B, ANSI
          C63.4:2014.

          Safety Testing

         The X100HT with Full Field PBS successfully passed Safety testing in compliance
          with IEC 61010-2-101:2015 / EN 61010-2-101: 2017 Safety requirements for electrical
          equipment for measurement, control, and laboratory use - Part 2-101: Particular
          requirements for in vitro diagnostic (IVD) medical equipment as well as IEC / EN
          61010-1: 2010  (3rd  Edition)  Safety requirements  for  electrical equipment  for
          measurement, control, and laboratory use - Part 1: General requirements and IEC
         62471:2006 / EN 62471:2008 Photobiological safety of lamps and lamp systems.

   VIII. Conclusion
          Risk analysis and testing results demonstrated that X100HT with Full Field PBS is
            substantially equivalent to the predicate device.