AIRS Medical Inc.                                          May 25, 2022
℅ Jihyeon Seo
RA Manager
8-9F, CS Tower, 1838, Nambusunhwan-ro, Gwanak-gu
Seoul, Seoul 08788
KOREA

Re: K220416
    Trade/Device Name: SwiftMR
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: April 15, 2022
    Received: April 15, 2022

Dear Jihyeon Seo:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K220416 - Jihyeon Seo                                                                Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                               Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                            Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K220416
Device Name
SwiftMR
Indications for Use (Describe)
SwiftMR is a stand-alone software solution intended to be used for acceptance, enhancement and transfer of brain, spine,
knee, ankle, shoulder and hip MR images in DICOM format. It can be used for noise reduction and increasing image
sharpness for non-contrast enhanced MR images.
SwiftMR is not intended for use on mobile devices.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Summary             K220416

This 510(k) Summary of safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with
the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

I. SUBMITTER
       Ms. Jihyeon Seo
     RA Manager
      AIRS Medical Inc.
        8-9F, CS Tower, 1838, Nambusunhwan-ro
       Gwanak-gu, Seoul, 08788, Republic of Korea
       Phone: +82-70-7777-5061
       FAX: +82-2-6280-3185
        Email: seo.kate@airsmed.com

       Date Prepared: February 11, 2022

II. DEVICE
     Name of Device: SwiftMR
     Common or Usual Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System
        Classification Name: system, image processing, radiological (21 CFR 892.2050)
       Regulatory Class: II
       Product Code: LLZ

III. PREDICATE DEVICE
       Primary Predicate Device: SwiftMR – K210999 by AIRS Medical, Inc., Class II,
     CFR 892.2050, classification with product code LLZ.

IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION
       SwiftMR, is software used as a Medical Device (SaMD) consisting of a software
       algorithm  that enhances images taken by MRI scanners. The device only
      processes DICOM images for the end User and is intended to be used by radiology
       technologists in an imaging center, clinic, or hospital.
      The device’s inputs are standard of care MRI images in DICOM format. The deep
       learning algorithm produces enhanced images as outputs with reduced noise and
       increased sharpness in DICOM format. The deep learning algorithm performs the
       denoising function and sharpening filter performs the sharpening function with the
         ability of adjusting the sharpness level from level 0 to level 5.
      SwiftMR provides an automatic image quality enhancement function for MR
      images acquired  in  various environments. SwiftMR can  only be used  for
       professional purposes and is not intended for use on mobile devices.
      SwiftMR ’s automation procedure is as follows:
           •  Receive MR images that are in DICOM format
           •  Image quality enhancement using Deep Learning model and sharpening
                     filter
           •   Transfer enhanced MR image as DICOM format to PACS
      There are four deep learning algorithms: three are for the general pulse sequences
      and the other one is for the TOF pulse sequences. The four deep learning


                                                                           Page 1

510(k) Summary

       algorithms share the same network architecture, input and label data generation
      method, training procedures. The only difference between the four deep learning
       algorithms is the input / label dataset used for training.
        After integration with the facilities PACS, SwiftMR performs image processing in the
      background automatically. At the same time, SwiftMR allows logged-in users to use
          its functions and view the processing status. When logged in as the System Admin,
       the function is available to the control automation procedure and system change
        settings. On the User side, the User can retrieve the results of image processing in
       the form of a worklist by login to the user account.
      The software provides three main functions, which are image processing, quality
      check and progress monitoring.
      The software is intended to run automatically in the background so that it does not
        interrupt the workflow of users. When the user executes MR scans as he/she usually
       does, the newly acquired images are automatically uploaded to the server and
       registered in the database (DB) for image processing. Once image processing is
       complete, the images are sent to PACS.
            If the user wishes to monitor this automated workflow to check on the status of image
       processing, he/she can check the main page of the client application or toast
      messages will appear on the bottom right corner upon completion of each processing.
        After using the software, they should log out for security reasons.
     A settings menu is provided in the form of a user interface to enable system admin
        to modify software settings as required by the institution or respective user.

V. INDICATIONS FOR USE

      SwiftMR is a stand-alone software solution intended to be used for acceptance,
      enhancement and transfer of brain, spine, knee, ankle, shoulder and hip MR
      images in DICOM format. It can be used for noise reduction and increasing image
      sharpness for non-contrast enhanced MR images.

      SwiftMR is not intended for use on mobile devices.

VI. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE
DEVICES

      The subject device and the predicate device are substantially equivalent in the
       areas of general function, application, and intended use.

      Any differences between the predicate and the subject device have no negative
       impact on the device safety or efficacy and does not raise any new potential or
       increased safety risks and is equivalent in performance to existing legally marketed
       devices.


                                                                           Page 2

510(k) Summary

                    Predicate Device        Subject Device     Item                                                                  Differences                 (SwiftMR (K210999))         (SwiftMR)
Physical          Software device that    Same as predicate     No Difference
Characteristics    operates on off-theshelf computer
                hardware
Computer      PC Compatible        Same as predicate     No Difference
DICOM         The software processes  Same as predicate     No Difference
Standard        DICOM-compliant
                image dataCompliance
Modalities       MRI               Same as predicate     No Difference

Image           SwiftMR implements an   SwiftMR implements an  The deep learning algorithm using
Enhancement    image enhancement     image enhancement      convolutional neural network-based
                   algorithm using           algorithm using              filtering performs denoising functionAlgorithm                   convolutional             convolutional           and newly added sharpness filter
Description                  neural network-based     neural network-based    performs sharpening function in the
                        filtering. Original             filtering. Original          subject device.
                images are enhanced    images are enhanced
                by running through a     by running through a
                cascade of             cascade of
                           filter banks, where            filter banks, where
                   thresholding and          thresholding and
                   scaling operations are     scaling operations are
                   applied. Neural            applied. Neural
                 network-based filters     network-based filters
                    that simultaneously        that perform noise
                 perform noise reduction   reduction are obtained.
               and sharpness increase  The parameters of the
                   functions are obtained.     filters were obtained
               The parameters of the    through an image
                         filters were obtained      guided optimization
                  through an image         process.
                 guided optimization      Sharpening filter is
                  process.                   additionally applied to
                                            the deep learning
                                        processed image.
Deep learning    1 General sequence     3 General sequence     The general sequence model was
models          model                 models                   divided into three separate models
               1 TOF sequence model   1 TOF sequence model   for each MRI manufacturer.
                                                        The TOF sequence model remains
                                                                     the same as the predicate device.
Supported body   Brain                      Brain, Spine, knee,       Supported body parts have been
parts                                         ankle, shoulder, and     expanded to spine and MSK (knee,
                                              hip                       ankle, shoulder, and hip) in addition
                                                                             to brain.
Workflow        The predicate software   SwiftMR operates on    The subject device can receive
                  operates on DICOM    DICOM files, enhances  DICOM files either from PACS or
                        files on the file system,    the images, and stores   from MR device.
                enhances the images,     the enhanced images                                                                                                                    It is possible to store only the
               and stores the          on PACS.                                                               processed images.
                enhanced images on
                  the file system. The


                                                                        Page 3

510(k) Summary

                       Predicate Device        Subject Device        Item                                                                  Differences                    (SwiftMR (K210999))         (SwiftMR)
                        receipt of original        Enhanced images can
               DICOM image files and                                       be stored with the
                        delivery of enhanced                                                      original images or only
                   images as DICOM files                                               the enhanced images
                  depends on other                                         can be stored.
                     software systems.
                  Enhanced images coexist with the original
                    images.

VII. PERFORMANCE DATA
       SwiftMR, has been assessed and tested and has passed all predetermined testing
         criteria. The Validation Test Plan was designed to evaluate output functions.
       Validation testing indicated that as required by the risk analysis, designated
        individuals performed all verification and validation activities and that the results
      demonstrated that the predetermined acceptance criteria were met.

      The following tests were conducted for SwiftMR:
       1)  Verification testing: Unit test, Integration/system test conducted. These tests
          passed.
       2)  Validation testing: Performance test was conducted using retrospective clinical
         images for both noise reduction and sharpness increase functions.
           A.  For the noise reduction performance, acceptance criteria were defined
                that the average signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) of the SwiftMR-processed
             image series is increased by 40% or more compared to the value of the
                 original image series. This test passed.
           B.  For  the sharpness  increase performance, acceptance  criteria were
               defined that the FWHM of a selected region of interest (ROI) is decreased
             by by 0.43% (level 1), 1.7% (level 2), 2.3% (level 3), 3.6% (level 4), 4.5%
                 (level 5) or more for at least 90% of the dataset. This test passed.
      The validation dataset consists of data of the following conditions:
            1. Manufacturer: SIEMENS, GE, PHILIPS
            2. Field Strength: 1.5T / 3.0T
            3. Anatomical region: Brain, Spine, Knee, Ankle, Shoulder, Hip
            4. Protocol: T1, T2, T2 FS, GRE, FLAIR, PD, PD FS, TOF, SWI, MPRAGE
            5. Demographics
                - age: 22~90
                - gender: Male (48.7%), Female (51.3%)

      To show that the performance of the device is not hindered by site variability, in
       the validation dataset, we included data from sources not included in the training
       dataset.
       Therefore,  it was demonstrated that SwiftMR performance was shown to be
        substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                                           Page 4

510(k) Summary

VIII. CONCLUSION
      The information presented in the 510(k) for SwiftMR contains adequate information,
       data, and nonclinical test results to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the
       predicate device. SwiftMR was shown to be substantially equivalent to the
       predicate device  in the areas  of technical  characteristics, general function,
        application, and does not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness.


                                                                           Page 5