DeepHealth, Inc.
℅ B. Nathan Hunt
VP, Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs
1000 Massachusetts Avenue
CAMBRIDGE MA 01238
                                                  May 12, 2022
Re: K220105
    Trade/Device Name: Saige-Dx
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2090
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer assisted detection and diagnosis software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QDQ
    Dated: May 2, 2022
    Received: May 4, 2022

Dear B. Nathan Hunt:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K220105 - B. Nathan Hunt                                                        Page   2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                              For

                                          Michael D. O’Hara, Ph.D.
                                        Deputy Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging and Radiation
                                           Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                            See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K220105

Device Name
Saige-Dx


Indications for Use (Describe)
Saige-Dx analyzes digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT) mammograms to identify the presence or absence of soft tissue
lesions and calcifications that may be indicative of cancer. For a given DBT manmogram, Saige-Dx analyzes the DBT
image stacks and the accompanying 2D images, including full field digital mammography and/or synthetic images. The
system assigns a Suspicion Level, indicating the strength of suspicion that cancer may be present, for each detected
finding and for the entire case. The outputs of Saige-Dx are intended to be used as a concurrent reading aid for
interpreting physicians on screening mammograms with compatible DBT hardware.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)     E  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                         CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                         Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

FORM FDA 3881 (6120)                             Page 1 of 1                                                      PSC PublisAing Servics (301) 443-6740   EF

DeepHealth
                                                                                                                         1000 Massachusetts Ave.
                                                                                                                                Cambridge, MA 01238
                                                                                                                                   Phone: 424-832-1480
                                K220105                                                www.deep.health
                                  510(k) Summary
                                DeepHealth,  Inc.
                                  Saige-Dx

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided, on this date,
May 10, 2022:

1.  510(k) SUBMITTER
DeepHealth, Inc.
1000 Massachusetts Avenue
Cambridge, MA 02138
Tel: 424-832-1480

Contact Person:
B. Nathan Hunt
Vice President, Quality Assurance and Regulatory Affairs
DeepHealth, Inc.
1000 Massachusetts Avenue
Cambridge, MA 02138
Tel: 424-832-1480

Date Prepared:
May 10, 2022

2.  DEVICE
Trade Name of Device: Saige-Dx
Common or Usual Name: Medical Image Software
Regulation Name and Number:
Radiological Computer Assisted Detection and Diagnosis Software (21 CFR 892.2090)
Regulation Class:  11
Product Code: QDQ

3. PREDICATE DEVICE
Trade Name:  TransparaTM
Common Name or Usual Name: Medical Image Software
Regulation Name and Number:
Radiological Computer Assisted Detection and Diagnosis Software (21 CFR 892.2090)
Regulation Class:  11
Product Code: QDQ
510(K) No.: K181704

DeepHealth
                                                                                                                         1000 Massachusetts Ave.
                                                                                                                                Cambridge, MA 01238
                                                                                                                                   Phone: 424-832-1480
                                                                                                                             www.deep.health

4.  DEVICE DESCRIPTION
Saige-Dx is a software device that processes screening mammograms using artificial intelligence
to aid interpreting radiologists. By automatically detecting the presence or absence of soft tissue
lesions  and  calcifications  in  mammography  images,  Saige-Dx  can  help  improve  reader
performance, while also reducing reading time. The software takes as input a set of x-ray
mammogram DICOM files from a single digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT) study and generates
finding-level outputs for each image analyzed, as well as an aggregate case-level assessment.
Saige-Dx processes both the DBT image stacks and the associated 2D images (full-field digital
mammography (FFDM) and/or synthetic 2D images) in a DBT study. For each image, Saige-Dx
outputs bounding boxes circumscribing any detected findings and assigns a Finding Suspicion
Level to each finding, indicating the degree of suspicion that the finding is malignant. Saige-Dx
uses the results of the finding-level analysis to generate a Case Suspicion Level, indicating the
degree of suspicion for malignancy across the case. Saige-Dx encapsulates the finding and caselevel results into a DICOM Structured Report (SR) object containing markings that can be overlaid
on the  original mammogram  images using a viewing workstation and a DICOM  Secondary
Capture (SC) object containing a summary report of the Saige-Dx results.
5.  INDICATIONS FOR USE
Saige-Dx analyzes digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT) mammograms to identify the presence or
absence of soft tissue lesions and calcifications that may be indicative of cancer. For a given DBT
mammogram, Saige-Dx analyses the DBT image stacks and the accompanying 2D images,
including full field digital mammography and/or synthetic images. The system assigns a Suspicion
Level, indicating the strength of suspicion that cancer may be present, for each detected finding
and for the entire case. The outputs of Saige-Dx are intended to be used as a concurrent reading
aid for interpreting physicians on screening mammograms with compatible DBT hardware.
Intended User Population
The  intended  users  of Saige-Dx  are  interpreting  physicians  qualified  to  read  screening
mammography exams.

Intended Patient Populations
The device is intended to be used on women  thirty-five (35) years of age or older undergoing
screening mammography.

Warnings and Precautions
Saige-Dx  is an adjunct tool and  is not intended to replace a  physician's own review  of a
mammogram. Decisions should not be made solely based on analysis by Saige-Dx.

6. PREDICATE DEVICE COMPARISON
Saige-Dx and the predicate device have similar indications for use, patient population, technical
characteristics, and principles of operation. The differences between Saige-Dx and the predicate
device do not alter the suitability or of the subject device for its intended use.

DeepHealth
                                                                                                                         1000 Massachusetts Ave.
                                                                                                                                Cambridge, MA 01238
                                                                                                                                   Phone: 424-832-1480
                                                                                                                             www.deep.health

The devices are intended to be used by physicians to aid  in the interpretation of screening
mammograms. The devices are not intended to be used as a replacement for a full physician
review or their own clinical judgement.
The design of Saige-Dx  is similar to that of the predicate device. Both devices detect and
characterize  findings  in  radiological  breast images and  provide  information  regarding  the
presence and location of the findings to the user. As both devices use proprietary algorithms,
there are assumed differences in the algorithmic components, as well as minor differences in the
specific formats of the outputs provided to users.
Non-clinical and clinical testing has been completed ensuring that the differences do not affect
the safety and effectiveness of the proposed subject device.

7. PERFORMANCE DATA
Saige-Dx  is a software  device and has been  determined  of Moderate  Level  of Concern.
Verification testing included software unit testing, software integration testing, and system testing.
Testing  confirmed  that the  software, as designed and implemented,  satisfies the  software
requirements.
Validation of the software was performed using two retrospective studies as described below. The
data used  in the validation testing was obtained from different clinical sites than that used for
Saige-Dx Al algorithm training. DeepHealth ensured that there was no overlap between the data
used to train and test the Saige-Dx Al algorithm. The data used to train the Saige-Dx algorithm
consisted of six datasets across various geographic locations in the US and the UK, including
diverse regions such as New York City.

Performance Testing: Reader Study
A fully balanced, multi-reader multi-center (MRMC) reader study was conducted to evaluate the
performance of 18 MQSA qualified radiologists when reading a set of retrospectively collected
DBT mammogram exams with and without the aid of Saige-Dx. The primary objective was to
compare breast cancer detection performance of radiologists reading with the aid of Saige-Dx
versus without Saige-Dx. Each radiologist read 240 cases twice in two reading sessions, once
with and once without Saige-Dx, with a washout period of at least 4 weeks in between the two
sessions. The mammograms were collected from unique female patients 35 years of age or older
according to an IRB approved protocol and were acquired from Hologic equipment. The cases in
the study included 100 pathology-proven cancer cases and 140 confirmed non-cancer cases. To
provide a mix of cancer cases that might be encountered  in clinical practice, 67 of the cancer
cases were recalled in clinical practice, indicating the interpreting radiologist detected a suspicion
lesion and 33 of the cancer cases were not recalled in clinical practice, indicating the interpreting
radiologist did not detect anything suspicious and the cancer was diagnosed at a later time. The
patients in the study represented a racially and ethnically diverse population. Testing was also
performed on a subgroup representative of the racial distribution of a United States screening
population, which also met performance goals.

DeepHealth
                                                                                                                         1000 Massachusetts Ave.
                                                                                                                                 Cambridge, MA 01238
                                                                                                                                   Phone: 424-832-1480
                                                                                                                              www.deep.health

Each mammogram included in the study had one ground truth status: cancer or non-cancer. Two
MQSA qualified, highly experienced (>10 years in practice) breast imaging specialists participated
in establishing the reference standard for cancer and non-cancer exams. For each exam, the
truthers confirmed and recorded the cancer status, as well as an interpretation of breast density.
For cancer exams, the truthers annotated each malignant lesion on all views where the lesion
was visible (based on the biopsied location that led to the malignant pathology) and indicated the
lesion type. For exams where there were discrepancies between the two truther's assessment of
density, lesion type, and/or lesion location, a third truther served as the adjudicator.
The reader performance increased with the aid of Saige-Dx from an average AUC of 0.865 when
unaided to 0.925 when aided (difference of 0.06; 95% Cl: 0.041, 0.079, p < 0.00001). All 18
readers demonstrated an increase  in AUC performance when using Saige-Dx. The average
reader sensitivity increased by 8.8% (95% Cl: 7.0%, 10.6%). The average reader specificity
increased by 0.9% (95% Cl: -0.9%, 2.7%).
Similar reader performance trends were observed across breast densities, ages, race/ethnicities,
lesion types and sizes, and radiologist specialization. For lesion type, the average AUC increased
from 0.866 to 0.918  for soft tissue densities and from 0.795  to 0.899  for calcifications. For
radiologist specialization, the average AUC for breast imaging specialists increased from 0.885
to 0.931 and from 0.826 to 0.911 for generalists.
Performance Testing: Standalone Study
A  retrospective,  blinded,  multi-center  study was  conducted  to  evaluate  the  standalone
performance of Saige-Dx on DBT mammograms. A total of 1304 cases were collected from 9
clinical sites in the United States, consisting of 136 cancer and 1168 non-cancer cases. The data
was collected and truthed using similar procedures to those used for the reader study. All data
came from clinical sites that had never been used previously for training or testing of the SaigeDx Al algorithm. Saige-Dx exhibited an AUC of 0.930 (95% Cl: 0.902, 0.958) on the dataset,
demonstrating strong performance relative to the unaided reader performance in the reader study.
Similar  standalone  performance  trends  were  observed  across  breast  densities,  ages,
race/ethnicities, and lesion types and sizes. Saige-Dx was assessed on both recalled and nonrecalled cancers, as well as visible and non-visible cancers.
8. CONCLUSION
The non-clinical and clinical testing conducted to support this submission confirm that Saige-Dx
is safe and effective. The minor differences, including technological differences, between SaigeDx and the predicate do not alter the intended use of the device and do not affect its safety and
effectiveness when  used  as  labeled.  Therefore,  the  information  presented  in  this 510(k)
submission demonstrates that Saige-Dx is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.