Hyperfine, Inc.
℅ Christine Kupchick
Sr. Regulatory Specialist
351 New Whitfield Street
GUILFORD CT 06437
Re: K220815                                                              July 19, 2022
    Trade/Device Name: BrainInsight
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: June 22, 2022
    Received: June 23, 2022

Dear Christine Kupchick:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K220815 - Christine Kupchick                                                          Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices
                                          and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120                            Food and Drug Administration
                                                                                                     Expiration Date: 061301202 3
                    Indications for Use                          See PRA Statement below
  510(k) Number (if known)
  K220815

  Device Name
  BrainInsight


  Indications for Use (Describe)
 BrainInsight is intended for automatic labeling, spatial measurement, and volumetric quantification ofbrain structures
 from a set of low-field MR images and returns annotated and segmented images, color overlays and reports.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      0 Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       0  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                       This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda-hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

FORM FDA 3881 (6120)                             Page 1 of 1                                                                                                Pse   ubrIs40Thgservice(303474-       H rF

510(k) SUMMARY
                      K220815

510(K) SUBMITTER
Company Name:      Hyperfine, Inc.
Company Address:    351 New Whitfield St
                        Guilford, CT 06437

CONTACT
Name:                 Christine Kupchick
Telephone:           (203) 343-3404
Email:               ckupchick@hyperfine.io

Date Prepared:        July 14, 2022

DEVICE IDENTIFICATION
Trade Name:          BrainInsight
Common Name:    MR Imaging Post-Processing Software
Regulation Number:  21 CFR 892.2050
Product Code:       QIH
Regulatory Class:      Class II

PREDICATE DEVICE INFORMATION
The subject BrainInsight is substantially equivalent to the predicate BrainInsight (K202414). The
predicate device has not been subject to a design-related recall.

DEVICE DESCRIPTION
BrainInsight is a fully automated MR imaging post-processing medical software that provides image
alignment, whole brain segmentation, ventricle segmentation, and midline shift measurements of
brain structures from a set of MR images from patients ages 18 years or older. The BrainInsight
processing architecture includes a proprietary automated internal pipeline based on machine
learning tools. The output annotated and segmented images are provided in standard image format
using segmented color overlays and reports that can be displayed on third-party workstations and
FDA-cleared Picture Archive and Communications Systems (PACS).

The modified BrainInsight described in this submission includes changes to the machine learning
models to allow for the processing AI-reconstructed low-field MR images. The modified device also
includes configuration updates and refactoring changes for incremental improvement.

INDICATIONS FOR USE
BrainInsight is intended for automatic labeling, spatial measurement, and volumetric quantification
of brain structures from a set of low-field MR images and returns annotated and segmented
images, color overlays and reports.

TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS
The subject device has the same intended use, fundamental technology, and operating principles,
as the predicate (K202414). Therefore, the subject device is substantially equivalent to the
predicate.

SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE DISCUSSION
The table below compares the subject device to the predicate.

 Attribute         Subject BrainInsight                     Predicate BrainInsight (K202414)
                         BrainInsight is intended for automatic labeling,
                          spatial measurement, and volumetric
 Indications for Use    quantification of brain structures from a set of   Same
                         low-field MR images and returns annotated and
                    segmented images, color overlays and reports.
 Target Anatomical                       Brain                                 Same
  Sites
 Patient Population    Adult (≥ 18 years)                        Same
                ●  Automated measurement of brain tissue     ●  Automated measurement of brain
                       volumes and structures of AI-reconstructed        tissue volumes and structures of
                             low-field MR images                            conventional low-field MR images
 Technology        ●  Automatic segmentation and quantification   ●  Automatic segmentation and
                           of brain structures of AI-reconstructed low-        quantification of brain structures of
                                field MR images using machine learning          conventional low-field MR images
                            tools                                            using machine learning tools
              MR images are automatically sent to
 Method of Use        BrainInsight, and processed images are         Same
                       automatically returned in ~7 minutes
                ● No software required
 User Interface /                ●  Operates in a serverless cloud environment
 Physical                                                Same                ●  User interface through PACS (multiple
 Characteristics                          vendors)
 Operating System     Supports Linux                          Same
                    Automated internal pipeline that performs:
                ●  segmentation Processing
                ●  volume calculation                     Same Architecture                ●  distance measurement
                ●  numerical information display
                ●  MRI Scanner: Hyperfine Swoop FSE MRI
 Data Source             scans acquired with specified protocols      Same
                ●  Supports DICOM format as input
                       Provides volumetric measurements of brain
                         structures: Output                                                 Same
                ●  Includes segmented color overlays and
                       morphometric reports

●  Supports DICOM format as output of results
                           that can be displayed on DICOM
                          workstations and PACS
                    Automated quality control functions:
                ●  Tissue contrast check
                ●  Scan protocol verification
 Safety                                                 Same                ●  Atlas alignment check
                ●  Results must be reviewed by a trained
                           physician

PERFORMANCE
As part of demonstrating substantial equivalence to the predicate, a risk analysis was completed to
identify the risks associated with the software modifications. Software verification as related to the
modifications was performed per IEC 62304:2006 and as recommended in the FDA Guidance,
“Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.”
The subject device passed all the testing in accordance with internal requirements and applicable
standards to support substantial equivalence.

Each model was trained using a training dataset to optimize parameters and a separate validation
dataset to select the best set of parameters. Comparing the training and validation metrics helps to
monitor and prevent overfitting. The datasets were augmented to improve robustness using
standard techniques that apply transformations to the input data. The testing dataset was separate
from training and validation datasets. Each subject was assigned a unique identifier and all subjects
in training and validation data were excluded from the test set.

The data collection for the training and validation datasets were done at multiple sites. Each site
used the T1 and T2 sequences from the FDA cleared Hyperfine Swoop Portable MR imaging system.
The datasets were annotated by multiple experts. The entire group of training image sets was
divided into segments and each segment was given to a single expert. The expert’s determination
became the ground truth for each image set in their segment. Each model and application were
validated using an appropriate sample size to yield statistically significant results. All test images
were acquired using the latest Swoop software version. The test set had the following distribution:

                    Category   Data Distribution

                                        •  Min: 19
                  Age                                        •  Max: 77

                   Gender         •  59% F / 41% M

                                        •   Stroke (Infarct)
                                        •  Hydrocephalus
                                        •  Hemorrhage (SAH, SDH, IVH, IPH)
                    Pathology                                        •  Mass/Edema
                                        •  Tumor
                                        •   Multiple sclerosis

Quantitative evaluation was performed to validate performance using software. The performance
of the model and the annotators to the consensus-based annotation was computed to ensure that
the model performance is no worse than the average annotator. The acceptance criteria were
defined based on non-inferiority testing, in which the model discrepancy to the annotators can be
no worse than the average annotator discrepancy.

The mean absolute error was used to calculate the error range for midline shift. Ground truth for
midline shift was determined based on the average shift distance of all annotators.

            Application     T1 Error                 T2 Error

            Midline Shift     1.03 mm                   0.97 mm

The mean Dice coefficient was used to calculate the error range for the lateral ventricles and whole
brain. Ground truth for segmentation is calculated using Simultaneous Truth and Performance Level
Estimation (STAPLE).


 Application             Dice Overlap [%]            Volume Differences [%]

 T1                     Device      Annotator        Device        Annotator

 Left Ventricle          84         90              8            8

 Right Ventricle         82         89              7            11

 Whole Brain           95         97              3            2


 Application             Dice Overlap [%]            Volume Differences [%]

 T2                     Device      Annotator        Device        Annotator

 Left Ventricle          81         84              11           27

 Right Ventricle         79         84              19           26

 Whole Brain           96         97              5            5

The test results show high accuracy of BrainInsight performance as compared to the reference and
annotators and the subject device met all acceptance criteria.

CONCLUSION
Based on the indications for use, technological characteristics, performance results, and comparison
to the predicate, the subject BrainInsight has been shown to be substantially equivalent to the
predicate and does not present any new issues of safety or effectiveness.