Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
℅ John J. Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street, N.W.
WASHINGTON DC 20004
                                                                  October 7, 2022Re: K220709
    Trade/Device Name: BriefCase
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: September 8, 2022
    Received: September 8, 2022

Dear John J .Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K220709 - John J. Smith                                                               Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices
                                           and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES         Form  Approved: OMB  No.  0910-0120
                            Food and Drug Administration                        Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                      See PRA Statement below
510(k) Number (if known)

K220709
Device Name

BriefCase
Indications for Use (Describe)

BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the analysis of head
CTA images in adults or transitional adolescents aged 18 and older. The device is intended to assist hospital networks
and appropriately trained medical specialists in workflow triage by flagging and communication of suspected positive
findings of complete Large Vessel Occlusion (LVO) - MCA-M1, PCA-P1, ACA-A1, ICA, Basilar; and Medium Vessel
Occlusions (MeVO) - MCA-M2, MCA-proximal M3, PCA-P2, PCA-proximal P3, ACA-A2, ACA-proximal A3, and
Vertebral-V4.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected findings on a
standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is presented
with notifications for cases with suspected findings. Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant
for informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the
original medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on their
professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians are responsible for
viewing full images per the standard of care.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
       ☒ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   ☐ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including
          the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and
         complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
          other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human
                                           Services Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (8/14)                             Page 1 of 1                                           PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Summary
                           Aidoc Medical, Ltd.’s BriefCase                                K220709                                   K220709

Submitter:

       Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
      92 Yigal Alon St.
        Tel-Aviv, Israel
      Phone:             +972-73-7946870

       Contact Person:      Amalia Schreier, LLM

      Date Prepared:      September 8, 2022

Name of Device:            BriefCase

Classification Name:         Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
                            device

Regulatory Class:          Class II

Product Code:          QAS (21 C.F.R. 892.2080)

Primary Predicate Device:   BriefCase (LVO triage, K203508)


Device Description

BriefCase is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device. The  software
system is based on an algorithm programmed component and consists of a standard off-the-shelf
operating system, the Microsoft Windows server 2012 64bit, and additional applications, which include
PostgreSQL, DICOM module and the BriefCase Image Processing Application. The device consists
of the following three modules: (1) Aidoc Hospital Server (AHS/Orchestrator) for image acquisition; (2)
Aidoc Cloud Server (ACS) for image processing; and (3) Aidoc Desktop Application for workflow
integration.

DICOM images are received, saved, filtered and de-identified before processing.  Filtration matches
metadata fields with keywords. Series are processed chronologically by running the algorithms on
each series to detect suspected cases. The software then flags suspect cases by sending notifications
to the desktop application, thereby facilitating triage and prioritization by the user. As the BriefCase
software platform harbors several triage algorithms, the user may opt to filter out notifications by
pathology, e.g., a chest radiologist may choose to filter out alerts on VO cases, and a neuro-radiologist
would opt to divert PE alerts. Where several medical centers are linked to a shared PACS, a user may
read cases for a certain center but not for another, and thus may opt to filter out alerts by center.
Activating the filter does not impact the order in which notifications are presented in the Aidoc desktop
application.

The desktop application feed displays all incoming suspect cases, each notified case in a line.
Hovering over a line in the feed pops up a compressed, low-quality, grayscale, unannotated image
that is captioned “not for diagnostic use” and is displayed as a preview function. This compressed

preview is meant for informational purposes only, does not contain any marking of the findings, and is
not intended for primary diagnosis beyond notification.

Presenting the users with worklist prioritization facilitates earlier triage by prompting the user to assess
the relevant original images in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention earlier than would
have been the case in the standard of care practice alone.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the
analysis of head CTA images in adults or transitional adolescents aged 18 and older. The device is
intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained medical specialists in workflow triage
by flagging and communication of suspected positive findings of complete Large Vessel Occlusion
(LVO) - MCA-M1, PCA-P1, ACA-A1, ICA, Basilar; and Medium Vessel Occlusions (MeVO) - MCA-M2,
MCA-proximal M3, PCA-P2, PCA-proximal P3, ACA-A2, ACA-proximal A3, and Vertebral-V4.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected
findings on a standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image
interpretation. The user is presented with notification for cases with suspected findings. Notifications
include compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only and not intended
for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical image and is not
intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and
based on their professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified
clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The subject BriefCase for VO triage and primary predicate BriefCase for LVO triage (K203508) are
identical in all aspects and defer only with respect to the training of the algorithm on VO vs LVO (M1)
images.

Both devices are radiological computer-aided triage and notification software programs. Both devices
are  artificial intelligence, deep-learning algorithms incorporated software packages for use with
DICOM 3.0 compliant CT scanners, PACS, and radiology workstations.

Both devices are intended to aid in triage and prioritization of radiological images and utilize the same
design of deep learning algorithm trained on medical images. They differ only with regard to the
training of the algorithm - the predicate device is indicated for Large Vessel Occlusions (on M1) triage
and the current VO device is indicated for all brain vessel occlusions. In addition, they also differ in the
image slice thickness they process (the predicate is indicated with image slice thickness of 0.5 mm –
1.0 mm, and the current VO device is indicated for use with slice thickness of 0.5 mm - 1.25 mm).
Both devices are intended to provide the specialists with notifications and unannotated low-quality
preview images of suspect studies for the purpose of preemptive triage.

The subject and predicate BriefCase devices raise the same types of safety and effectiveness
questions, namely, accurate detection of findings within the processed study. It is important to note
that, like the predicate, the subject device neither removes cases from the standard of care reading

                                      2

queue nor deprioritized cases. Both devices operate in parallel with the standard of care, which
remains the default option for all cases. A table comparing the key features of the subject and the
primary predicate devices is provided below.


                            Table 1. Key feature comparison
                            Predicate Device                     Subject Device
                     Aidoc Briefcase (K203508)          Aidoc Briefcase (K220709)
  Intended Use  /  BriefCase is a  radiological computer  BriefCase is a  radiological computer
  Indications   for  aided triage and notification software  aided triage and notification software
  Use              indicated for use in the analysis of head  indicated for use in the analysis of head
              CTA images. The device is intended to  CTA images in adults or transitional
                     assist hospital     networks     and  adolescents  aged  18  and   older.
                     appropriately      trained     medical  The device      is     intended      to
                                                                assist hospital     networks     and                      specialists     in    workflow    triage
                                                              appropriately      trained     medical                 by flagging  and  communication   of
                                                                  specialists in     workflow      triage                  suspected positive findings of Large
                                                    by flagging  and  communication   of                  Vessel Occlusion (LVO) pathologies.
                                                      suspected positive findings of complete
                                                      Large Vessel Occlusion (LVO) - MCABriefCase uses an artificial intelligence
                                                 M1, PCA-P1, ACA-A1, ICA,  Basilar;
                    algorithm  to  analyze  images  and
                                                 and  Medium   Vessel   Occlusions
                      highlight cases with detected findings                                               (MeVO) - MCA-M2, MCA-proximal M3,
                on a standalone desktop application in                                                 PCA-P2, PCA-proximal P3, ACA-A2,
                       parallel to the ongoing standard of care                                                      ACA-proximal A3, and Vertebral-V4.
                 image  interpretation.  The  user   is
                   presented with notifications for cases  BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence
                     with suspected findings. Notifications  algorithm  to  analyze  images  and
                    include compressed  preview  images   highlight cases with detected findings
                      that    are   meant for informational  on a standalone desktop application in
                  purposes only and not intended  for   parallel to the ongoing standard of care
                    diagnostic use beyond notification. The  image  interpretation.  The  user   is
                   device  does  not  alter  the  original  presented    with for   cases    with
                   medical image and is not intended to be  suspected    findings.    Notifications
                 used as a diagnostic device.             include compressed  preview  images
                                                                  that    are    meant for informational
                The results of BriefCase are intended  purposes only and not intended  for
                                                             diagnostic                     use                      to be used in conjunction with other
                                                  beyond notification. The device does                     patient information and based on their
                                                           not  alter the  original medical image                    professional judgment, to  assist with
                                                 and is not intended to be used as a                        triage/prioritization of medical images.
                                                             diagnostic device.
                      Notified clinicians are responsible  for
                   viewing full images per the standard of
                                                The results of BriefCase are intended
                     care.
                                                                  to be used in conjunction with other
                                                                patient information and based on their
                                                             professional judgment, to  assist  with
                                                                       triage/prioritization of medical images.


                                      3

Predicate Device                     Subject Device
                   Aidoc Briefcase (K203508)          Aidoc Briefcase (K220709)
                                                              Notified clinicians are responsible  for
                                                       viewing full images per the standard of
                                                           care.

User population  Hospital  networks and  appropriately  Hospital  networks and  appropriately
                  trained medical specialists               trained medical specialists

Anatomical     Head                           Head
region        of
interest
Data          Head CTA                       Head CTA
acquisition
protocol
Notification-     Yes                             Yes
only
(/notification
alerts),  parallel
workflow tool
Images       DICOM                      DICOM
format
Interference     No. No cases are removed from        No. No cases are removed from
with   standard  Worklist or deprioritized.               desktop app or deprioritized
workflow
Inclusion/         Inclusion criteria                         Inclusion criteria
Exclusion              ● Head CTA protocol with a 64-slice     ● Head CTA protocol with a 64-slice
criteria             scanner or higher.                    scanner or higher.
                             ●  Scans   performed   on   adults/     ●  Scans   performed   on   adults/

                        transitional adults ≥ 18 years of age.      transitional adults ≥ 18 years of age.
                             ●  Slice thickness 0.5 mm – 1.0 mm.        ●  Slice thickness 0.5 mm – 1.25 mm.

                 Exclusion Criteria                      Exclusion Criteria
                             ●  All  scans   that  are  technically     ●  All  scans   that  are   technically
                    inadequate,    including    motion      inadequate,    including    motion
                         artifacts,  severe  metal  artifacts,       artifacts,  severe  metal  artifacts,
                    suboptimal  bolus  timing  or  an     suboptimal  bolus  timing  or  an
                   inadequate field of view.               inadequate field of view.
Algorithm           Artificial  intelligence  algorithm  with   Artificial  intelligence  algorithm  with
                database of images.                  database of images.
Structure             - AHS module (image acquisition);        - AHS module (orchestrator, image
                         - ACS module (image processing));        acquisition);
                                                                                - ACS module (image processing));


                                    4

Predicate Device                     Subject Device
                     Aidoc Briefcase (K203508)          Aidoc Briefcase (K220709)
                            -  Aidoc   Worklist   application   for    -  Aidoc  Desktop   application   for
                      workflow integration  (worklist and     workflow integration (feed and nonnon-diagnostic Image Viewer).           diagnostic Image Viewer).


Performance Data

Pivotal Study Summary

Aidoc conducted a retrospective, blinded, multicenter, study with the BriefCase software to evaluate
the software’s performance in identifying head CTA images containing Vessel Occlusion (VO) in 342
cases from 5 US-based clinical sites. The study compared the software’s performance to the ground
truth, as determined by 3 expert US board certified Neurologists reviewers, using majority voting. The
cases collected for the pivotal dataset were all distinct in time or center from the cases used to train
the algorithm.

Primary endpoints were sensitivity and specificity with an 80% performance goal.

Secondary endpoints were BriefCase time-to-notification compared to the predicate device, Positive
Predictive Value (PPV), Negative Predictive Value (NPV), Positive Likelihood Ratio (PLR), and
Negative Likelihood Ratio (NLR) were also assessed.

Primary Endpoint

Sensitivity and specificity exceeded the 80% performance goal. Sensitivity was 91.3% (95% CI: 83.6%,
96.2%) and specificity was 85.6% (95% CI: 80.6%, 89.7%).

Secondary Endpoint

In addition, the time-to-notification metric observed for the BriefCase software in the three medical
centers was compared to the equivalent metric of the predicate devices.

 -  The BriefCase time-to-notification includes the time to get the DICOM exam, de-identify it, upload
        it to the cloud, analyze and send a notification on a positive suspect case back to the desktop
     application.

The BriefCase time-to-notification was measured for all True Positive cases (i.e., identified as positive
both by the reviewers as well as the BriefCase device) and is given in Table 2 below. The Table also
displays the same metric reported for the predicate BriefCase LVO.

The time-to-notification results obtained for the subject BriefCase device show comparability with the
primary predicate with regard to time savings to the standard of care review. The BriefCase mean
time-to-notification for VO was 2.23 minutes (95% CI: 2.22-2.23). The time-to-notification for the
predicate BriefCase LVO was 3.80 minutes (95% CI: 3.60-4.00).


                                      5

Table 2. Time-to- Notification Comparison for BriefCase Devices (minutes)
          Time -to-   Mean Estimate    95%        95%         Median
             notification                  Lower CL     Upper CL
           Predicate         3.80           3.60           4.00             3.8
        K203508Timeto-notification
         BriefCase VO       2.23           2.22           2.23            2.03
            Time-tonotification

NPV was 98.9% (95% CI: 4.66%- 99.4%) and PPV was 41.3% (95% CI: 34.1%- 49.0%).

PLR was 6.34% (95% CI: 97.9%- 8.63%) and NLR was 0.10% (95% CI: 0.05%- 0.20%).

Thus, the reported similar time-to-notification data demonstrates that when using the subject
BriefCase for VO triage the radiologists may have the same benefit in time saving as with the BriefCase
for LVO triage.

As can be seen in Table 3 the mean age of patients whose scans were reviewed for VO was 64.8
years, with standard deviation of 17.1 years. Gender distribution was 42.4% male, and 56.4% female
(Table 4). Scanner distribution can also be found in Table 5 below.

                          Table 3. Descriptive Statistics for Age

                       Mean     Std      Min     Median   Max    N
          Age (Years)       64.8     17.1     18       65.0     90     342


                       Table 4. Frequency Distribution of Gender

   Ground
    Truth                         Gender
   Results
                                                                                                        All

                 Male            Female             Other


          N    %     N    %     N    %     N    %
   Positive    37     40.2%     54     58.7%     1      1.1%     92      100
  Negative   108    43.2%    139    55.6%     3      1.2%     250      100
       All      145    42.4%    193    56.4%     4      1.2%     342      100


                                      6

Table 5. Frequency Distribution of Manufacturer


                                 Manufacturer  N  %

                      GE MEDICAL
                                          124  36%
                         SYSTEMS

                           TOSHIBA    72  21%

                                          Philips     81  24%

                          SIEMENS    65  19%

                                         Total     342 100.0%


Clinical Subgroups And Confounders:

     -   Pathologies present in negative cases: Vessel Occlusion (Stenosis/narrowing); Head & neck
       trauma; Fully negative; Vascular; Vessel Occlusion (anatomically out of product definition),
       Vessel Occlusion (chronic); Vessel Occlusion (partial).

     -   Vessel Occlusions: MCA-M1, MCA-M2, MCA-M3, ICA, Basilar, PCA-P1, PCA-P2, PCA-P3,
      ACA-A1, ACA-A2, ACA-A3, and Vertebral-V4. An additional enriched dataset was collected
         for vessel segment-subgroup analysis on 165 positive vessel occlusions cases.

Additional Operating Point

In addition to the default operating point that was selected to maximize both sensitivity and specificity,
one additional operating point (AOP) was selected to maximize sensitivity while maintaining a lower
bound 95% confidence interval of 80%:

AOP1: Sensitivity was 91.3% (95% CI: 83.58%-96.17%) and Specificity was 85.2% (95% CI: 80.18%-
89.36%).

In summary, performance goals were achieved for the default and additional operating point.
Combined with the comparison results of time-to-notification metric with the predicate device, this data
establishes the achievement by the subject BriefCase of preemptive triage in the range of several
minutes.

Conclusions

The subject BriefCase for VO triage and the predicate BriefCase for LVO triage are intended to aid in
prioritization and triage of radiological images for the indications of Vessel Occlusions. Both devices
are software packages with the same technological characteristics and principles of operation,
incorporating deep learning AI algorithms that process images, and software to send notifications and
display unannotated compressed low-quality preview images. In both devices, the labeling clearly
states that the devices are not for diagnostic use  and instructs the user to further evaluate and
diagnose based only on the original images in the local PACS.


                                      7

Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not change
the original image, do not provide any marking on the output preview, do not remove images from the
standard of care FIFO queue and do not de-prioritize cases, thus not disturbing standard interpretation
of the images. Both devices notify the radiologist of time-sensitive critical cases within the range of
several minutes, and thus contribute similarly to the standard of care workflow turnaround time
reduction through preemptive triage.

The subject BriefCase device for VO triage is thus substantially equivalent to the predicate BriefCase
for LVO triage.


                                      8