May 31, 2022

CSD Labs GmbH
℅ Allison Komiyama
Principal Consultant
Rqm+
2251 San Diego Ave, Suite B-257
San Diego, California 92110

Re: K220766
    Trade/Device Name: eMurmur Heart AI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1875
    Regulation Name: Stethoscope
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: DQD, DQC
    Dated: May 6, 2022
    Received: May 9, 2022

Dear Allison Komiyama:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K220766 - Allison Komiyama                                                           Page 2


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                      Stephen C. Browning -S

                             LCDR Stephen Browning
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                Diagnostics and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES   Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
            Food and Drug Administration                Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
        Indications for Use           See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)

 K220766
Device Name

eMurmur Heart AI
Indications for Use (Describe)

The ’eMurmur Heart AI’ software is a decision support system in the evaluation of recorded
patient heart sounds. The automated analysis by eMurmur Heart AI identifies specific heart
sounds that may be present, including S1, S2, physiological heart murmurs, pathological heart
murmurs and the absence of a heart murmur.

eMurmur Heart AI is indicated for use in a setting where auscultation would typically be
performed by a healthcare provider. It is not intended as a sole means of diagnosis. The heart
sound interpretations offered by eMurmur Heart AI are only significant when considered in
conjunction with healthcare provider over-read and including all other relevant patient data.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
       Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

           This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
   *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours
         per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources,
          gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of
          information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of
            this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
               Department of Health and Human Services
             Food and Drug Administration
                 Office of Chief Information Officer
              Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
               PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
   “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                      information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


                                           Page 1 of 1

K220766

                                                                                     Page 1 of 4


                                510(k) SUMMARY

                  CSD Labs’ eMurmur Heart AI


SPONSOR

Company name:       CSD Labs GmbH
Company address:         Nikolaiplatz 4
                      8020 Graz
                            Austria
Phone:                +43 650 5272666
Contact Person:          Andreas Reinisch
Date Prepared:          March 14, 2022


CONSULTANT

Company name:       RQM+
Company address:       2251 San Diego Ave. Ste B-257
                    San Diego, CA 92110
Phone:                   (412) 816-8253
Contact Person:            Allison Komiyama, PhD, RAC
                        Anike Freeman, MEng, PMP

DEVICE

Trade Name:          eMurmur Heart AI
Common or usual name:  Computer Aided Auscultation, Heart Sounds Analyzer
Classification name:       Electronic Stethoscope; Phonocardiograph;
Regulation number:      21 CFR 870.1875, 870.2390
Product code:          DQD, DQC
Device class:             Class II
Reviewing panel:          Cardiology

PREDICATE DEVICE

Company              Product                  510(k)
CSD Labs GmbH        eMurmur ID            K181988

INDICATIONS FOR USE

The ’eMurmur Heart AI’ software is a decision support system in the evaluation of recorded
patient heart sounds. The automated analysis by eMurmur Heart AI identifies specific heart
sounds that may be present, including S1, S2, physiological heart murmurs, pathological heart
murmurs and the absence of a heart murmur.

eMurmur Heart AI is indicated for use in a setting where auscultation would typically be
performed by a healthcare provider. It is not intended as a sole means of diagnosis. The heart
sound interpretations offered by eMurmur Heart AI are only significant when considered in
conjunction with healthcare provider over-read and including all other relevant patient data.

K220766                                          Page 2 of 4


DEVICE DESCRIPTION

To analyze heart sounds via the eMurmur Heart AI, a digital recording of a patient’s heart
sounds is required. Recordings are made using a supported digital stethoscope, connected to
a front-end client like, e.g., the eMurmur app or the eMurmur web portal. The recorded
auscultation data are transmitted from the front-end client to the eMurmur backend, which
hosts the eMurmur Heart AI. After analysis by the eMurmur Heart AI, the results of the
analysis are returned to the front-end client where they are displayed to the user. The user can
utilize the eMurmur Heart AI results to support their decision-making process regarding the
potential presence and type of a heart murmur.

eMurmur is a non-medical device software platform which includes the eMurmur backend,
eMurmur apps and eMurmur web portal. The platform is used to stream, record, display,
replay, and store auscultation data, recorded by means of supported digital stethoscopes.

The eMurmur software platform has functions subject to FDA premarket review, i.e.,
eMurmur Heart AI, as well as functions that are not subject to FDA premarket review. For
this application, FDA assessed those functions only to the extent that they could adversely
impact the safety and effectiveness of the functions subject to FDA premarket review.

TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS
The eMurmur Heart AI has the same technological characteristics as the predicate device
eMurmur ID. It can be accessed via the eMurmur backend, which in turn communicates with
the front-end clients, e.g., the eMurmur app and eMurmur web portal.
 1.  Both systems use the same heart sound analysis algorithm, hosted on a server, requiring
    a 20 second digital heart sound recording and the patient’s age as input.
 2.  Both systems provide heart sound analysis outputs and additional supporting information
     to the user.
 3.  Both systems provide the transfer of auscultation data and the analysis results through a
    secure connection.
 4.  Both systems employ equivalent usability and cybersecurity features.
 5.  Both systems use the electronic stethoscope Littmann 3200 by 3M (MN, USA) (K083903)
     for the acquisition of the heart sounds that are to be analyzed.

PERFORMANCE DATA
eMurmur Heart AI and the predicate, eMurmur ID (K181988), utilize the same heart sound
analysis algorithm, hence no new performance data is required.
All applicable verification measures (unit tests, system tests, inspections) that were performed
for the predicate were also performed for the current device, using the same pass/fail criteria.

SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE
eMurmur Heart AI and eMurmur ID differ only in scope. For the previously cleared device
eMurmur ID, all components of the software system (mobile app, web portal, backend, etc.)
were treated as a medical device. For eMurmur Heart AI, only the relevant component, i.e.,
the algorithm analyzing heart sounds, is treated as a medical device. The other components
which are solely intended to transfer, store, convert and display medical data or results are
excluded from the scope of the medical device.
Thus, eMurmur Heart AI is substantially equivalent to eMurmur ID, see the table below.

Page 3 of 4
                                 K220766


               Table 1. Substantial Equivalence Summary Comparison Table
                      eMurmur Heart AI                    eMurmur ID
Indications for    The ’eMurmur Heart AI’ software is a     The eMurmur ID software system is a
Use                decision support system in the evaluation   decision support device for the healthcare
                     of recorded patient heart sounds. The      provider (the user) in the evaluation of
                 automated analysis by eMurmur Heart     patient heart sounds. eMurmur ID is used
                  AI identifies specific heart sounds that       to record, display, analyze, and store the
              may be present, including S1, S2,          acoustic signal of the heart, recorded by
                    physiological heart murmurs, pathological  means of an electronic stethoscope. The
                    heart murmurs and the absence of a       automated analysis will identify specific
                    heart murmur.                             heart sounds that may be present,
                                                                 including S1, S2, physiological heart
               eMurmur Heart AI is indicated for use in   murmurs, pathological heart murmurs and
                a setting where auscultation would        absence of a heart murmur.
                       typically be performed by a healthcare
                     provider. It is not intended as a sole       eMurmur ID is indicated for use in a
               means of diagnosis. The heart sound       setting where auscultation would typically
                     interpretations offered by eMurmur Heart  be performed by a healthcare provider. It
                  AI are only significant when considered in   is not intended as a sole means of
                    conjunction with healthcare provider over-   diagnosis. The heart sound interpretations
                  read and including all other relevant        offered by eMurmur ID are only significant
                     patient data.                       when considered in conjunction with
                                                             healthcare provider over-read and
                  ‘eMurmur’ is a non-medical device          including all other relevant patient data.
                   software platform which includes the
                eMurmur apps and eMurmur web portal.
                The platform is used to stream, record,
                     display, replay, and store auscultation
                    data, recorded by means of supported
                        digital stethoscopes. eMurmur Heart AI
                     interacts with the ‘eMurmur’ software
                     platform.

User Population    Identical                                 Healthcare provider licensed or authorized
                                                                     to perform auscultation
Acquires and       Identical                                 Acquires acoustic signals of the heart by
Records Heart                                    means of electronic stethoscope and
Sounds                                                   mobile app
Analyzes Heart     Identical                                   Distinguishes between
Sounds                                                        normal/physiological and pathological
                                                              heart murmurs
User Interface    The user interface is not a part of          Android app for recording heart sounds,
               eMurmur Heart AI (medical device);       sending analysis requests and receiving
                   the user interface is part of ‘eMurmur’,      analysis results. Web portal for reviewing
                a non-medical device.                  and editing user and patient data, OS
                                                            independent.

K220766                                      Page 4 of 4


Backend        The backend is not a part of eMurmur     Server analyzes (algorithm) and stores
                  Heart AI (medical device); the backend     (database) patient-related data and
                         is part of ‘eMurmur’, a non-medical        communicates with the other components
                    device.                                       of eMurmur ID. The interface to the other
                                                    components is a REST/JSON web API.
Accessories        Identical                                     Electronic stethoscope Littmann 3200
Safety Features    Identical                                Encrypted internet traffic, data stored in
                                                              the database on the backend is
                                                             encrypted, data in the database is
                                                               duplicated to another database in a
                                                                       different datacenter, no protected health
                                                               information is stored on the user’s
                                                              devices, user needs to authenticate, user
                                                     can only access authorized data
Clinical              Identical                                         Sensitivity: 85.0% (72.9%-92.5%)
Performance                                                          Specificity: 86.7% (74.9%-93.7%)

    CONCLUSIONS
    The medical device eMurmur Heart AI has the same intended use, similar indications for use,
     and the same technological characteristics, and principles of operation as eMurmur ID. Thus,
    eMurmur Heart AI is substantially equivalent to eMurmur ID.

    eMurmur Heart AI consists of the same heart sound analysis algorithm as eMurmur ID.
     Other components that were part of the eMurmur ID medical device (e.g., the app and web
      portal) have been excluded from the eMurmur Heart AI medical device, since these
     components are software solely intended to transfer, store, convert and display medical data
      or results.