March 31, 2023
Butterfly Network, Inc.
℅ Lynda Ikejimba
Senior Regulatory Affairs Program Manager
1600 District Ave
BURLINGTON MA 01803


Re: K220068
    Trade/Device Name: Butterfly iQ\ Butterfly iQ+ Ultrasound System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1550
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic pulsed doppler imaging system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: IYN, IYO, ITX, QIH
    Dated: March 6, 2023
    Received: March 6, 2023

Dear Lynda Ikejimba:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K220068 - Lynda Ikejimba                                                             Page 2


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                 Yanna S. Kang -S

                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K220068

Device Name
Butterfly iQ/iQ+ Ultrasound System


Indications for Use (Describe)

The Butterfly iQ/Butterfly iQ+ Ultrasound System is indicated for use by trained healthcare professionals in environments
where healthcare is provided to enable diagnostic ultrasound imaging and measurement of anatomical structures and
fluids of adult and pediatric patients for the following clinical applications: Peripheral Vessel (including carotid, deep vein
thrombosis and arterial studies), Procedural Guidance, Small Organs (including thyroid, scrotum and breast), Cardiac,

Abdominal, Lung, Urology, Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Musculoskeletal (conventional), Musculoskeletal (superficial)
and Ophthalmic. Modes of operation include B-mode, B-mode + M-mode, B-mode + Color Doppler, B-mode + Power
Doppler, Spectral Pulsed Wave Doppler.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

This 510(k) Summary is submitted in accordance with 21 CFR §807.92   K220068

     I. SUBMITTER
Manufacturer:
Butterfly Network, Inc.
1600 District Ave
Burlington, MA 01803
Phone: 1-781-557-4800

Contact Person:
Lynda Ikejimba, PhD
Senior Regulatory Affairs Program Manager
E-mail: likejimba@butterflynetinc.com

Date Prepared: March 6, 2023

    II. DEVICE
Trade Name: Butterfly iQ/ Butterfly iQ+ Ultrasound System
Common Name: Ultrasound Imaging System
Classification Name(s):
Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System (21 CFR 892.1550)
Ultrasonic Pulsed Echo Imaging System (21 CFR 892.1560)
Diagnostic Ultrasound Transducer (21 CFR 892.1570)
Automated Radiological Image Processing Software (21 CFR 892.2050)
Regulatory Class: II
Primary Product Code: IYN
Secondary Product Codes: IYO, ITX, QIH
Classification Panel: Radiology

  III. PREDICATE DEVICE
Primary Predicate: Butterfly iQ Ultrasound System (K202406)
This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.

Reference Predicates: Philips Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System (K203406), GE Venue
(K170714)

  IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION
The Butterfly iQ/Butterfly iQ+ Ultrasound System is a hand-held general-purpose diagnostic
imaging system for use by trained healthcare professionals in environments where healthcare is
provided to enable visualization and measurement of anatomical structures and fluid of adult and
pediatric patients. The system consists of a single transducer with broad imaging capabilities

connected to a standard handheld commercial off the shelf (COTS) mobile device compatible
with the Butterfly iQ/iQ+ mobile application (app).

The subject device introduces the Auto B-line Counter, a software application backed by an
image analysis algorithm. The purpose of the Auto B-line Counter is to provide automated
detection and automatic calculation of the number of B-lines to a user in a given rib space and
also provides the users the capabilities of reviewing the detected B-lines (via visual overlays).
The overlay of B-lines does not mark images for detection of specific pathologies. The Auto
B-line Counter enables the automated identification and count of B-lines during a lung scan and
is integrated into the existing Butterfly iQ/iQ+ mobile application for use with the Butterfly iQ or
iQ+ transducers.

   V. INDICATIONS FOR USE
The Butterfly iQ/Butterfly iQ+ Ultrasound System is indicated for use by a trained healthcare
professional in an environment where healthcare is provided to enable diagnostic ultrasound
imaging and measurement of anatomical structures and fluids of adult and pediatric patients for
the following clinical applications:

Peripheral Vessel (including carotid, deep vein thrombosis and arterial studies), Small Organs
(including thyroid, scrotum and breast), Cardiac, Abdominal, Lung, Procedural Guidance,
Urology, Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Musculoskeletal (conventional), Musculoskeletal
(superficial) and Ophthalmic.

Modes of operation include B-mode, B-mode + M-mode, B-mode + Color Doppler, B-mode +
Power Doppler, Spectral Pulsed Wave Doppler.

  VI. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS
The subject device contains the same hardware technology as the previously cleared predicate
device Butterfly iQ/iQ+ (K202406), and the subject device is compatible with both the Butterfly
iQ and iQ+ Ultrasound systems. There is an addition of “lung” to the Indications For Use
statement and Spectral Pulsed Wave Doppler to the modes of operation. These additions do not
introduce any additional risks as there have been no changes in the other modes or compatible
transducer frequencies and Spectral Pulsed Wave Doppler is a well-established mode of
operation. The differences do not alter the intended therapeutic use of the device nor do they
affect the safety and effectiveness of the device relative to the predicate. Both the subject and
predicate devices have the same intended use as a general-purpose diagnostic ultrasound
imaging system. A comparison of the proposed Butterfly iQ/Butterfly iQ+ Ultrasound System to
the currently marketed predicate is provided in the table below.

Comparison       Butterfly iQ/iQ+          Butterfly iQ          Comparison
Category         Ultrasound System       Ultrasound System
                  (Subject Device)         (Primary Predicate)
                                        (K202406)

General Device    Hand held portable       Hand held portable      Remains
Description         diagnostic ultrasound       diagnostic ultrasound    Unchanged
                  system                   system

Indications for    The Butterfly iQ/ iQ+     The Butterfly iQ         Addition of “lung”
Use               Ultrasound System is       Ultrasound System is     to Indications for
                    indicated for use by         indicated for use by     Use and Spectral
                     trained healthcare           trained healthcare        Pulsed Wave
                    professionals in             professionals in         Doppler to
                  environments where        environments where      operating mode.
                    healthcare is provided to    healthcare is provided
                   enable diagnostic            to enable diagnostic
                   ultrasound imaging and     ultrasound imaging and
                 measurement of           measurement of
                   anatomical structures and   anatomical structures
                      fluids of adult and         and fluids of adult and
                     pediatric patients for the     pediatric patients for the
                   following clinical          following clinical
                     applications:                applications:

                    Peripheral Vessel           Peripheral Vessel
                    (including carotid, deep     (including carotid, deep
                   vein thrombosis and        vein thrombosis and
                       arterial studies),              arterial studies),
                   Procedural Guidance,       Procedural Guidance,
                  Small Organs (including    Small Organs
                     thyroid, scrotum and        (including thyroid,
                      breast), Cardiac,           scrotum and breast),
                 Abdominal, Lung,          Cardiac, Abdominal,
                   Urology, Fetal/Obstetric,    Urology,
                   Gynecological,              Fetal/Obstetric,
                   Musculoskeletal            Gynecological,
                    (conventional),             Musculoskeletal
                   Musculoskeletal            (conventional),
                      (superficial) and           Musculoskeletal
                  Ophthalmic.                  (superficial) and
                                            Ophthalmic.
               Modes of operation
                   include B-mode, B-mode   Modes of operation
               + M-mode, B-mode +       include B-mode,
                  Color Doppler, B- mode +  B-mode + M-mode,
                                     B-mode + Color

Power Doppler, Spectral    Doppler, B-mode +
                   Pulsed Wave Doppler.     Power Doppler.

 Type               Single probe 2D phased     Single probe 2D phased  Remains
                     array                       array                 Unchanged

 Sterility            Non-sterile                 Non-sterile            Remains
                                                             Unchanged

 Duration of Use    Limited (≤24 hours)       Limited (≤24 hours)     Remains
                                                             Unchanged

 Reusable         Yes                     Yes                  Remains
                                                             Unchanged

 Principles of       Automatic detection and   Manual counting of     Auto B-Line
 Operation          counting of B-lines from    B-lines from lung        Counter added to
 (subject Auto      lung ultrasound images     ultrasound images        existing Butterfly
 B-Line Counter)                                                          iQ/Butterfly iQ+
                                                                     Ultrasound System
                                                      App


 VII. PERFORMANCE DATA
Performance Testing
Butterfly Network’s iQ/iQ+ Ultrasound System was developed and tested in accordance with
company design control processes and safety and performance testing. Relevant non-clinical
verification and validation testing was performed to address the introduction of the subject
software algorithm for the Auto B-Lines Counter and to assure its safe and effective
performance.

Analytical Testing
Analytical Validation testing was performed to demonstrate that the Auto B-line Counter
algorithm performance is non-inferior to clinician annotators (Ground Truth). The Auto B-line
Counter met the acceptance criteria for all tests. Performance was assessed by the widely
accepted metrics, the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) between annotators for the Quality
Indicator and Dice Coefficient Score (DSC), for the conformance of automatic B-line
segmentation to ground truth.

A validation dataset was curated by random selection of 6000 de-identified cines acquired from
253 sites. The datasets spanned many demographic variables including gender (male, female,
and unidentified), age (20-90 years), and ethnicity via collection from a multitude of clinical sites
with diverse and distinct racial patient populations.

Clinical subgroups and confounders:
The algorithm performance was verified on all demographic subgroups and clinical subgroups
with various confounders present including but not limited to congestive heart failure, heart

failure reduced ejection fraction, diabetes with and without chronic complication, myocardial
infarction, peripheral vascular disease, renal disease, and many other factors.

Truthing process:
The ground truthing for B-line counts was determined by the ICC among expert annotators
presented with lung cines and instructions to determine the maximum number of B-Lines using
the instant percent method. The ground truth locations of B-lines were then determined by expert
annotator segmentations.

The data used for verification is completely distinct from that used during the training process
and there is no overlap between the two. Independence of testing and training data was ensured
by auditability–each study and associated images had unique dataset identification– and by
sequestration–no study or its images could belong to multiple datasets.

Clinical Performance Evaluation
The clinical performance was evaluated on 99 subjects and demonstrated that the Auto B-line
Counter algorithm performance is non-inferior to clinician annotator ground truth. Performance
was assessed by calculating the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) between the tool and the
ground truth. Additionally, the evaluation concluded that the algorithm's performance was
consistent among clinically meaningful subgroups: age, gender, and BMI. Overall, the results
support the generalizability of the Auto B-line Counter across the intended patient population.

Non-clinical Evaluation
The introduction of the Butterfly Auto B-Lines Counter was tested in accordance with internal
Butterfly standards for safety and design quality and documentation was provided as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The software for this
device is considered a “moderate” level of concern. The activities to ensure safe and effective
performance of the subject software revision include but are not limited to Requirements Review,
Risk Analysis and Management, Product Specifications, Design Reviews, Product Performance
testing. Additional non-clinical evaluation demonstrated that the inclusion of the Auto B-Line
Counter did not introduce any additional risks to the previously cleared Butterfly iQ/iQ+
Ultrasound System.

Summary
Based on the clinical performance as documented in the pivotal clinical study, the Butterfly Auto
B-Lines Counter was found to have a safety and effectiveness profile that is similar to the
predicate device.

VIII. CONCLUSIONS

Based on the indications for use, technological characteristics, and performance testing, the
subject device meets the requirements that are considered adequate for its intended use and is
substantially equivalent in design, principles of operation and indications for use to the predicate
device and does not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness to the predicate device. The
subject device was found to have a safety and effectiveness profile that is similar to the predicate
device.