TeraRecon, Inc
Michael Sosebee
Official Correspondent
4309 Emperor Blvd.
Durham, North Carolina 27703

                                                                August 12, 2022
Re: K220349
    Trade/Device Name: TeraRecon Neuro
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: June 28, 2022
    Received: June 29, 2022

Dear Michael Sosebee:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K220349 - Michael Sosebee                                                            Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                              Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                             DHT 8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                          Devices and Electronic Products
                             OHT 8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K220349
Device Name
TeraRecon Neuro
Indications for Use (Describe)
The TeraRecon Neuro Algorithm is an algorithm for use by trained professionals, including but not limited to physicians,
surgeons and medical clinicians.
The TeraRecon Neuro Algorithm is a standalone image processing software device that can be deployed as a Microsoft
Windows executable on off-the-shelf hardware or as a containerized application (e.g., a Docker container) that runs on
off-the-shelf hardware or on a cloud platform. Data and images are acquired via DICOM compliant imaging devices.
DICOM results may be exported, combined with, or utilized by other DICOM-compliant systems and results.
The TeraRecon Neuro Algorithm provides analysis capabilities for functional, dynamic, and derived imaging datasets
acquired with CT or MRI. It can be used for the analysis of dynamic brain perfusion image data, showing properties of
changes in contrast over time. This functionality includes calculation of parameters related to brain tissue perfusion,
vascular assessment, tissue blood volume, and other parametric maps with or without the ventricles included in the
calculation. The algorithm also include volume reformat in various orientation, rotational MIP 3D batch while removing
the skull. This “tumble view” allows qualitative review of vascular structure in direct correlation to the perfusion maps for
comprehensive review.
The results of the TeraRecon Neuro Algorithm can be delivered to the end-user through image viewers such as
TeraRecon’s Aquarius Intuition system, TeraRecon’s Eureka AI Results Explorer, TeraRecon’s Eureka Clinical AI
Platform, or other image viewing systems like PACS that can support DICOM results generated by the TeraRecon Neuro
Algorithm.
The TeraRecon Neuro Algorithm results are designed for use by trained healthcare professionals and are intended to assist
the physician in diagnosis, who is responsible for making all final patient management decisions.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K220349
1  510(k) Summary

TeraRecon Neuro version 2.0.0
[in accordance with 21CFR 807.92]

1.1  Submitter

 510(k) Sponsor:                                TereRecon, Inc.
                                           4309 Emperor Blvd.,
 Address:
                                           Durham, NC 27703, USA
                                              Michael Sosebee
 Contact Person:
                                                  Senior Manager RAQA
                                                 Email: msosebee@terarecon.com
 Contact Information:
                                               Phone: 704-651-6828
 Date Summary Prepared:                      10Feb2022

1.2  Subject Device

 Proprietary (Trade) Name of Subject Device       TeraRecon Neuro

 Model Number                                      2.0.0

 Device Class                                2

 Common / Classification Name                   System, Image Processing, Radiological

 Product Code                          LLZ

 Regulation Number                            892.2050

 510(k) Number                            K220349

1.3  Predicate Device

 Proprietary (Trade) Name of Predicate Device      Neuro.AI Algorithm

 Model Number                                      1.0.0

 Device Class                                2

 Common / Classification Name                   System, Image Processing, Radiological

 Product Code                          LLZ

 Regulation Number                            892.2050

 510(k) Number                            K200750


 TeraRecon, Inc.                                                                1 of 11

1.4  Device Description
The TeraRecon Neuro algorithm version 2.0.0 is a modification of the predicate device Neuro.AI
Algorithm (K200750), which was a modification of the predicate device, Intuition-TDA, TVA,
Parametric Mapping (which was cleared under K131447). The predicate device Intuition -TDA, TVA,
Parametric Mapping is an optional module/workflow for the Intuition system (K121916). The TeraRecon
Neuro algorithm is an image processing software device that can be deployed as a Microsoft Windows
executable on off-the-shelf hardware or as a containerized application (e.g., Docker container) that runs
on off-the-shelf hardware or on a cloud platform. The device has limited network connectivity or external
medical support.

TeraRecon Neuro allows motion correction and processes, calculates and outputs brain perfusion analysis
results for functional, dynamic, and derived imaging datasets acquired with CT or MRI. TeraRecon Neuro
results are used for the analysis of dynamic brain perfusion image data, showing properties of changes in
contrast over time. This functionality includes calculation of parameters related to brain tissue perfusion,
vascular assessment and tissue blood volume.

Outputs include parametric map of measurements including time to peak (TTP), take off time (TOT),
recirculation time (RT), mean transit time (MTT), blood volume (BV/CBV), blood flow (BF/CBF), time
to maximum (Tmax) and penumbra/umbra maps that are derived from combinations of measurement
parameters, such as mismatch maps and hypoperfusion maps with volumes and ratios, as well as 2D and
3D visualization of brain tissues and brain blood vessels (Note: Tmax, mismatch and hypoperfusion maps
are only available for images of CT modality).

When TeraRecon Neuro results are used in external viewer devices such as TeraRecon’s Intuition or
Eureka medical devices, all the standard features offered by Intuition or Eureka are employed such as
image manipulation tools like drawing the region of interest, manual or automatic segmentation of
structures, tools that support creation of a report, transmitting and storing this report in digital form, and
tracking historical information about the studies analyzed by the software.

The TeraRecon Neuro algorithm outputs can be used by physicians to aid in the diagnosis and for clinical
decision support including treatment planning and post treatment evaluation. The software is not intended
to replace the skill and judgment of a qualified medical practitioner and should only be used by
individuals that have been trained in the software’s function, capabilities and limitations. The device is
intended to provide supporting analytical tools to a physician, to speed decision-making and to improve
communication, but the physician's judgment is paramount, and it is normal practice for physicians to
validate theories and treatment decisions multiple ways before proceeding with a risky course of patient
management.


 TeraRecon, Inc.                                                                2 of 11

1.5   Indications for Use
The TeraRecon Neuro algorithm is an algorithm for use by trained professionals, including but not limited
to physicians, surgeons and medical clinicians.

The TeraRecon Neuro algorithm is a standalone image processing software device that can be deployed
as a Microsoft Windows executable on off-the-shelf hardware or as a containerized application (e.g., a
Docker container) that runs on off-the-shelf hardware or on a cloud platform. Data and images are
acquired via DICOM compliant imaging devices. DICOM results may be exported, combined with, or
utilized by other DICOM-compliant systems and results.

The TeraRecon Neuro algorithm provides analysis capabilities for functional, dynamic, and derived
imaging datasets acquired with CT or MRI. It can be used for the analysis of dynamic brain perfusion
image data, showing properties of changes in contrast over time. This functionality includes calculation of
parameters related to brain tissue perfusion, vascular assessment, tissue blood volume, and other
parametric maps with or without the ventricles included in the calculation. The algorithm also include
volume reformat in various orientation, rotational MIP 3D batch while removing the skull. This “tumble
view” allows qualitative review of vascular structure in direct correlation to the perfusion maps for
comprehensive review.

The results of the TeraRecon Neuro algorithm can be delivered to the end-user through image viewers
such as TeraRecon’s Aquarius Intuition system, TeraRecon’s Eureka AI Results Explorer, TeraRecon’s
Eureka Clinical AI Platform, or other image viewing systems like PACS that can support DICOM results
generated by the TeraRecon Neuro Algorithm.

The TeraRecon Neuro algorithm results are designed for use by trained healthcare professionals and are
intended to assist the physician in diagnosis, who is responsible for making all final patient management
decisions.


 TeraRecon, Inc.                                                                3 of 11

1.6  Summary of Technological Characteristics
The TeraRecon Neuro algorithm version 2.0.0 (K220349) is substantially equivalent to the predicate
device, Neuro.AI Algorithm (K200750). It has the same basic technological characteristics as the
predicate device. The main difference between the subject device and the predicate device is the addition
of three perfusions maps Tmax, Hypoperfusion and Mismatch along with improvements made to the
quality of existing perfusions maps in version 1.0.0 BV, BF, MTT, TOT, TTP and RT. The subject and
predicate devices both allow motion correction and process, calculate and output brain perfusion analysis
results for functional, dynamic and derived imaging datasets acquired with CT or MRI. The subject and
predicate device results are used for visualization and analysis of dynamic brain perfusion image data,
showing properties of changes in contrast over time. This functionality includes calculation of parameters
related to brain tissue perfusion, vascular assessment and tissue blood volume.

Outputs include parametric map of measurements including time to peak (TTP), take off time (TOT),
recirculation time (RT), mean transit time (MTT), blood volume (BV/CBV), blood flow (BF/CBF), time
to maximum (Tmax) and penumbra/umbra maps that are derived from combinations of measurement
parameters, such as mismatch maps and hypoperfusion maps with volumes and ratios, as well as 2D and
3D visualization of brain tissues and brain blood vessels.

TeraRecon Neuro can be used by physicians to aid in the diagnosis and for clinical decision support
including treatment planning and post treatment evaluation.

Both the subject and predicate devices are interoperable or compatible with CT and MR scanners, 3rd
party hospital systems such as PACS, and the TeraRecon Intuition platform. Both devices are standalone
software packages, the results of which can be consumed by and viewed by TeraRecon’s Eureka AI
Results Explorer or by other image viewing systems that can support the results generated by the
TeraRecon Neuro algorithm.

The differences in technological characteristics do not raise any new or different questions of safety of
effectiveness. Software verification and validation testing validates that the TeraRecon Neuro algorithm is
as safe and effective as the predicate device in order to support a determination of substantial equivalence.

See the table below for a description of the technological similarities and differences among the subject
and predicate device.


 TeraRecon, Inc.                                                                4 of 11

Table 1: Technological Characteristics Comparison

                                                                                   Reference Device               Reference Device
                                                        Predicate Device
                         Subject Device                                            (Used in Qualitative            (Used in Qualitative
                                                                                      Assessment)                   Assessment)
 Functionality                                 Neuro.AI Algorithm version
               TeraRecon Neuro version 2.0.0
                                                                     1.0.0
                        (TBD)                                               FastStroke, CT Perfusion 4D       iSchemaView RAPID
                                                      (K200750)
                                                                                   (K193289)                    (K182130)
Areas of Use     Same as predicate device         Radiology and could also include  Not specified in K193289’s        Hospital LAN, inside the
                                                      other clinical specialty areas       510(k) summary.                  Hospital Firewall
                                                such as emergency, neurology,
                                                    surgery and more                                       To be used by trained
                                                                                                                                 professionals.

                                                                                                                        Radiological data network.
Modality       Same as predicate device          Vendor-neutral - CT, MR and    CT                     CT and MRI
Support                                              other volumetric imaging
                                                       modalities.

                                              Images are exposed over time.
Body Part       Same as predicate device        Head – entire brain or from       Head and Body                Not specified in K182130’s
                                                 lower edge of the base of nucleus                                   510(k) summary
                                                         to upper edge of the ventricles.

DICOM®       Same as predicate device      NEMA PS 3.1 – 3.20 (2016)    DICOM 3.0 image compatibility  NEMA PS 3.1 – 3.20 (2016)
formats


        TeraRecon, Inc.                                                                5 of 11

Reference Device               Reference Device
                                                        Predicate Device
                         Subject Device                                            (Used in Qualitative            (Used in Qualitative
                                                                                      Assessment)                   Assessment)
 Functionality                                 Neuro.AI Algorithm version
               TeraRecon Neuro version 2.0.0
                                                                     1.0.0
                        (TBD)                                               FastStroke, CT Perfusion 4D       iSchemaView RAPID
                                                      (K200750)
                                                                                   (K193289)                    (K182130)
Operating       Same as predicate device          Microsoft Windows® executable  Not specified in K193289’s      The software runs on a standard
System                                      on off the shelf hardware and      510(k) summary                    off-the-shelf computer or a
                                          CentOS (Interoperability)                                                  virtual platform, such as
                                                                                              VMware,
                                                                                                          and can be used to perform
                                                                                                        image viewing, processing and
                                                                                                                              analysis of images. Data and
                                                                                                            images
                                                                                                                            are acquired through DICOM
                                                                                                                   compliant imaging devices.

                                                                                                                Linux-based server


        TeraRecon, Inc.                                                                6 of 11

Reference Device               Reference Device
                                                        Predicate Device
                         Subject Device                                            (Used in Qualitative            (Used in Qualitative
                                                                                      Assessment)                   Assessment)
 Functionality                                 Neuro.AI Algorithm version
               TeraRecon Neuro version 2.0.0
                                                                     1.0.0
                        (TBD)                                               FastStroke, CT Perfusion 4D       iSchemaView RAPID
                                                      (K200750)
                                                                                   (K193289)                    (K182130)
Key           Same as predicate device         • Automatic arterial and venous   CT perfusion 4D is an image     The iSchemaView RAPID
Functionality/                                          input function selection          analysis software package, which  provides both viewing and
Feature and                                      • Ventricle subtraction            allows the user to produce          analysis capabilities for
Region-of-                                                                 dynamic image                    functional and
Interest (ROI)                                                                          data and to generate information   dynamic imaging datasets
Markers                                                                          with regards to changes in image   acquired with CT Perfusion (CTintensity over time. It supports      P), CT Angiography (CTA), and
                                                                                         the                     MRI including a Diffusion
                                                                                           analysis of CT Perfusion images   Weighted MRI (DWI) Module
                                                                                                  (in the head and body) after the    and a Dynamic Analysis Module
                                                                                      intravenous injection of contrast,   (dynamic contrast-enhanced
                                                                            and                            imaging data for MRI and CT).
                                                                                            calculation of the various        The DWI Module is used to
                                                                                           perfusion-related parameters (i.e.   visualize local water diffusion
                                                                                         regional blood flow, regional       properties from the analysis of
                                                                                blood volume,                     diffusion - weighted MRI data.
                                                                   mean transit time and capillary    The Dynamic Analysis Module
                                                                                           permeability).                          is used for visualization and
                                                                                                                              analysis of dynamic imaging
                                                                                                                                    data, showing properties of
                                                                                                               changes in contrast over time.
                                                                                                                  This functionality includes
                                                                                                                                calculation of parameters related
                                                                                                                                  to tissue flow (perfusion) and
                                                                                                                                      tissue blood volume.


        TeraRecon, Inc.                                                                7 of 11

Reference Device               Reference Device
                                                        Predicate Device
                         Subject Device                                            (Used in Qualitative            (Used in Qualitative
                                                                                      Assessment)                   Assessment)
 Functionality                                 Neuro.AI Algorithm version
               TeraRecon Neuro version 2.0.0
                                                                     1.0.0
                        (TBD)                                               FastStroke, CT Perfusion 4D       iSchemaView RAPID
                                                      (K200750)
                                                                                   (K193289)                    (K182130)
 Perfusion        • Same as predicate device and     •  Time to peak (or Time to      •  Blood Flow                 •  Blood Flow
 measurements    • Time to Maximum (Tmax)         Minimum)                  •  Blood Volume               •  Blood Volume
 and color maps   • Hypoperfusion maps and         •  Take off time (or Maximum   •  Mean Transit Time           •  Mean Transit Time
                  volumes                           Slope of Increase)            •   Capillary Permeability        •  Time to Maximum
                 • Mismatch maps                 •   Recirculation time (RT)       •  Time to Maximum
                  (penumbra/umbra maps that      •  Mean transit time (MTT)
                     are derived from combinations    •  Blood volume (BV/CBV)
                    of measurement parameters)      •  Blood flow (BF/CBF)
                  and related volumes and ratios    •  User configurable settings

Graph Displays   Same as predicate device          Artery and Vein Fitted and Raw   Not specified in K193289’s       Not specified in K182130’s
                                                   curves – time/activity             510(k) summary                 510(k) summary

Export           • Same as predicate device and   DICOM files                  Not specified in K193289’s       Not specified in K182130’s
Capability        • Artery Intensity Profile                                          510(k) summary                 510(k) summary


Methods for     Same as predicate device      SVD                         Not specified in K193289’s       Not specified in K182130’s
Mathematical                                                                      510(k) summary                 510(k) summary
Modeling
Arterial and     Same as predicate device         Automatic                    Not specified in K193289’s         Arterial input function (AIF) and
Venous Input                                                                      510(k) summary               Venous output function (VOF)
Function
Selection


        TeraRecon, Inc.                                                                8 of 11

Reference Device               Reference Device
                                                        Predicate Device
                         Subject Device                                            (Used in Qualitative            (Used in Qualitative
                                                                                      Assessment)                   Assessment)
 Functionality                                 Neuro.AI Algorithm version
               TeraRecon Neuro version 2.0.0
                                                                     1.0.0
                        (TBD)                                               FastStroke, CT Perfusion 4D       iSchemaView RAPID
                                                      (K200750)
                                                                                   (K193289)                    (K182130)
Containerization  Same as predicate device         • Neuro.AI Algorithm is hosted   The configuration of          RAPID is available in the
/ dockerization                                  on the Eureka platform within   NeuroPackage enables the user    following configurations:
of algorithm that                                                   its own docker. The algorithm    to open a single application,         • Standard RAPID, which is
enables                                                           is triggered based on input       FastStroke, which provides them   installed directly on a customer's
interoperability                                        data and generates result         access to both the updated CT     Linux-based server and
with 3rd party                                   which will be delivered to        Perfusion 4D                       integrated with medical image
results including                                           third party system.             and FastStroke applications.       processing software such as
viewing such                                     • CT and MR Scanners                                         commercial PACS.
results                                          • 3rd party hospital systems      The capabilities in CT Perfusion    • Virtual RAPID, wherein the
                                                  such as a PACS server, EMR   4D                               user accesses RAPID online and
                                                       or other                      and FastStroke can be offered      uses it to process DICOM
                                                • TeraRecon Intuition             independently.                  images otherwise available on
                                                • Visualization system                                                   his/her computer.
                                                • Other image viewing
                                                   systems that can support
                                                             results generated by the
                                                Neuro.AI Algorithm
                                                • Notification systems
Ventricle       Same as predicate device           Setting allows software to          Ventricle Segmentation          Not specified in K182130’s
Subtraction                                            calculate maps with or without                                     510(k) summary
                                                         ventricle included.


        TeraRecon, Inc.                                                                9 of 11

1.7  Performance Data
Safety and performance of the TeraRecon Neuro algorithm have been verified and validated through
software testing, quantitative phantom testing and qualitative clinical user evaluation. Software
development and testing were performed in accordance with IEC 62304:2006/AI:2015, Medical Device
Software – Software life cycle processes, utilizing a risk-based testing methodology. Risk has been
evaluated in accordance with ISO 14971:2007, Medical Devices – Application of Risk Management to
Medical Devices. During software testing, all pre-defined acceptance criteria for the Neuro.AI Algorithm
were met and all software test cases passed. The same verification and validation methodology, risk
assessment and acceptance criterion were used for predicate device.

To execute our clinical user evaluation TeraRecon worked with our evaluator Dr. Robert Falk, MD whom
was presented with comparison maps generated by the subject device, the predicate device and two
additional reference devices GE Medical Systems FastStroke CT Perfusion 4D (K193289) and
ISchemaView RAPID (K182130). The evaluator was asked to confirm through qualitative assessment
that the generated maps of TeraRecon Neuro are at least 85% substantially equivalent or better than the
predicate and reference devices.

Additionally, we performed a quantitative evaluation of Tmax measurements in comparison to the two
reference devices. Considering the ground truth as the average Tmax measurement of the two reference
devices for a given ROI, we calculated absolute error and absolute percent error for the subject device
compared to ground truth. Acceptance criteria was defined as subject device limit of agreement for both
metrics less than or equal than the limit of agreement of each predicate device compared to the ground
truth.

The results of the software testing and clinical user evaluation validate that the TeraRecon Neuro device
meets its qualified requirements, performs as intended, and is as safe and effective as the predicate device.
No new or different questions of safety or efficacy have been raised as a result of the verification and
validation process.


 TeraRecon, Inc.                                                               10 of 11

1.8  Conclusion
The TeraRecon Neuro algorithm is as safe and effective as the predicate device, Neuro.AI Algorithm. The
indications for use of the subject device falls within the scope of that for the predicate device. Many of the
technological characteristics are the same for the subject and predicate devices. Differences in the
technological characteristics between the subject and predicate devices have been addressed through
software verification and validation testing and do not raise any new of different questions of safety and
effectiveness.

All risk were analyzed, and there are no new risks or modified risks that could result in significant harm
which are not effectively mitigated in the predicate device. The analysis above supports a determination
of Substantial Equivalence of the TeraRecon Neuro algorithm to the predicate device in terms of safety,
efficacy, and performance.


 TeraRecon, Inc.                                                               11 of 11