May 10, 2023

NEUROPHET, Inc.
℅ Priscilla Chung
Regulatory Affairs Consultant
LK Consulting Group USA, Inc.
18881 Von Karman Ave. STE 160
IRVINE CA 92612


Re: K220437
    Trade/Device Name: Neurophet AQUA
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: March 30, 2023
    Received: March 31, 2023

Dear Priscilla Chung:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K220437 - Priscilla Chung                                                              Page 2


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                            See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K220437

Device Name
Neurophet AQUA


Indications for Use (Describe)
Neurophet AQUA is intended for Automatic labeling, visualization and volumetric quantification of segmentable brain
structures from a set of MR images. Volumetric data may be compared to reference percentile data.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)     E  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                         CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                         Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

FORM FDA 3881 (6120)                             Page 1 of 1                                                      PSC PublisAing Servics (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary
                                    (K220437)


This summary of 510(k) information is being submitted in accordance with requirements of 21
CFR Part 807.92.


1.  Date: 5/2/2023

2.  Applicant / Submitter

  NEUROPHET, Inc.
   12F, 124, Teheran-ro, Gangnam-gu
    Seoul, Republic of Korea
   Tel : +82-2-6954-7971 Fax : +82-2-6954-7972

3.  U.S. Designated Agent

    Priscilla Chung
  LK Consulting Group USA, Inc.
   18881 Von Karman Ave. STE 160
    Irvine, CA 92612
    Tel: 714.202.5789      Fax: 714.409.3357
   Email: juhee.c@LKconsultingGroup.com

4.  Trade/Proprietary Name:

   Neurophet AQUA

5. Common Name:

   Medical Image Processing Software

6.  Classification:

   System, image processing, radiological (21CFR 892.2050, Product code LLZ, Class 2,
   Radiology)

7.  Device Description:

   Neurophet AQUA is a fully automated MR imaging post-processing medical device software
    that provides automatic labeling, visualization, and volumetric quantification of brain
    structures from a set of MR images and returns segmented images and morphometric reports.


                                            Page 1 of 7

The resulting output is provided in morphometric reports that can be displayed on Picture
   Archive and Communications Systems (PACS). The high throughput capability makes the
   software suitable for use in both clinical trial research and routine patient care as a support
    tool for clinicians in assessment of structural MRIs.
   Neurophet AQUA provides morphometric measurements based on T1 MRI series. The
    output of the software includes volumes that have been annotated with color overlays, with
   each color representing a particular segmented region, and morphometric reports that provide
   comparison of measured volumes to age and gender-matched reference percentile data.
   Neurophet AQUA processing architecture includes a proprietary automated internal pipeline
    that performs segmentation, volume calculation and report generation.

  The results are displayed in a dedicated graphical user interface, allowing the user to:
     Browse the segmentations and the measures,
     Compare the results of segmented brain structures to a reference healthy population,
     Read and print a PDF report


    Additionally, automated safety measures include automated quality control functions, such as
    tissue contrast check, scan protocol verification, which validate that the imaging protocols
   adhere to system requirements.


8.  Indication for use:

   Neurophet AQUA is intended for Automatic labeling, visualization and volumetric
    quantification of segmentable brain structures from a set of MR images. Volumetric data may
   be compared to reference percentile data.


9.  Predicate Device:

   •  Primary Predicate:
      NeuroQuant® v2.2 (K170981) by CorTechs Labs, Inc

   •  Reference Device:
       BrainInsight (K202414) by Hyperfine Research, Inc.


                                            Page 2 of 7

10. Substantial Equivalence:


                     Subject Device      Primary predicate Device      Reference Device

  Device name    Neurophet AQUA v2.1      NeuroQuant® v2.2              BrainInsight

     510(k)           K220437               K170981                K202414

  Manufacturer    NEUROPHET, Inc.        CorTechs Labs, Inc       Hyperfine Research, Inc

  Product Code         LLZ                LLZ                 LLZ

                 Neurophet AQUA is      NeuroQuant is intended for
                                                                   Automatic labeling, spatial
                  intended for Automatic    automatic labeling,
                                                                       measurement, and
                    labeling, visualization      visualization and
                                                                                volumetric
                and volumetric            volumetric quantification of
                                                                               quantification of brain
  Indications for   quantification of          segmentable brain
                                                                                 structures from a set of
      Use       segmentable brain          structures and lesions from
                                                                             low-field MR images and
                    structures from a set of    a set of MR images.
                                                                               returns annotated and
          MR images. Volumetric   Volumetric data may be
                                                                  segmented images, color
                   data may be compared to  compared to reference
                                                                              overlays, and reports.
                   reference percentile data.   percentile data.
      Target
   Anatomical    Brain                    Brain                       Brain
       Sites
                                                      • Automated measurement
                      • Automated               of brain tissue volumes and
                                                                                        ▪ Automated measurement
                measurement of brain      structures and lesions
                                                                           of
                     tissue volumes and          • Automatic segmentation
                                                                            brain tissue volumes and
   Design and     structures               and quantification of brain
                                                                                 structures
   Incorporated    ▪ Automatic                structures using a dynamic
                                                                                        ▪ Automatic segmentation
   Technology    segmentation and           probabilistic
                                                                 and quantification of brain
                    quantification of brain     neuroanatomical atlas, with
                                                                                 structures using machine
                    structures using deep      age and gender specificity,
                                                                             learning
                   learning                 based on the MR image
                                                  intensity
                                                   No software required
                      • Software package          • Software package                                                               • Operates in a serverless
     Physical       • Operates on off-the-       • Operates on off-the-shelf
                                                                      cloud environment
  characteristics   shelf hardware (multiple   hardware (multiple
                                                               • User interface through                  vendors)                  vendors)
                                                    PACS (multiple vendors)
    Operating                              Supports Linux, Mac OS X
              Windows                                                  Supports Linux
    System                             and Windows.
                                       Automated internal pipeline  Automated internal
                Automated internal
                                                   that performs:                 pipeline that performs:
                   pipeline that performs:
   Processing                                       - artifact correction              - segmentation
                       - segmentation
   Architecture                                      - segmentation                   - volume calculation
                       - volume calculation
                                                         - lesion quantification           - distance measurement
                       - report generation
                                                         - volume calculation            - numerical information


                                            Page 3 of 7

- report generation            display

                                                                                        ▪ MRI scanner: Hyperfine
                      • MRI scanner: 3D T1       • MRI scanner: 3D T1 and   FSE MRI scans acquired
                  scans acquired with      FLAIR MRI scans acquired   with
   Data Source    specified protocols        with specified protocols       specified protocols
                      • Supports DICOM          • Supports DICOM format   ▪ Supports DICOM format
                  format as input            as input                      as
                                                                            input
                      ▪ Provides volumetric
                measurements of brain
                                                      ▪ Provides volumetric
                    structures                                             Provides volumetric
                                        measurements of brain
                      ▪ Includes segmented                                measurements of brain
                                                 structures and lesions
                   color overlays and                                          structures
                                                      ▪ Includes segmented color
                 morphometric reports                                          ▪ Includes segmented color
                                             overlays and
                      ▪ Automatically                                         overlays and
                                        morphometric reports
                compares results to                                  morphometric
                                                      ▪ Automatically compares
                   reference percentile data                                   reports
                                                   results to reference
     Output      and to prior scans when                                        ▪ Supports DICOM format
                                                percentile data and to prior
                   available                                                as
                                            scans when available
                      ▪ Supports DICOM                                     output of results that can
                                                      ▪ Supports DICOM format
                  format as output of                                  be
                                              as output of results that can
                     results that can be                                      displayed on DICOM
                                        be displayed on DICOM
                  displayed on DICOM                                   workstations and Picture
                                             workstations and Picture
                  workstations and Picture                              Archive and
                                         Archive and
                 Archive and                                      Communications Systems
                                       Communications Systems
                Communications
                Systems
                      • Automated quality                               Automated quality control
                                                      • Automated quality control
                   control functions                                        functions
                                              functions
                       - Tissue contrast check                                         ▪ Tissue contrast check
                                                         - Tissue contrast check
                       - Scan protocol                                                 ▪ Scan protocol
      Safety                                          - Scan protocol verification
                    verification                                                 verification
                                                         - Atlas alignment check
                      • Results must be                                               ▪ Atlas alignment check
                                                      • Results must be reviewed
                 reviewed by a trained                                          ▪ Results must be reviewed
                                      by a trained physician
                  physician                                       by a trained physician

Neurophet AQUA and the predicate device are software for automatically identifying and
quantifying the volumes of brain structures, automatic labeling and visualization. The devices
have the same intended use and operating principle. They take MR brain images as input and
generate an electronic report with similar quantitative information. For both devices, output
volumes are compared to a normative dataset of control subjects computed based on MRI data
from normal control subjects.

Both devices are DICOM compatible and operate on off-the-shelf hardware. Both devices are
used by physicians skilled in brain MR imaging.

Neurophet AQUA is functionally similar and improved from a previous 510(k) market-cleared
CorTechs Labs NeuroQuant software device (NeuroQuant K170981).


                                            Page 4 of 7

Both devices have same intended use and basic design and similar operating principle.

Following are the differences between Neurophet AQUA and the predicate device:

                Neurophet AQUA              NeuroQuant
 Processing      Segmentation based on deep       Artifact correction, atlas-based
 architecture      learning tools, volume            segmentation, lesion
                   calculation and report              quantification, volume calculation
                   generation.                    and report generation.
 Operating                                       Supports Linux, Mac OS X and
              Windows
 System                                    Windows.
 Deployment      Installed                      Cloud based or installed

Although both are technically similar, in the processing architecture, the subject device performs
segmentation based on deep learning and the predicate device performs segmentation based on
atlas-based.

Although the predicate device performs artifact correction, the subject device uses the data
augmentation technique during deep learning for segmentation, so it robustly performs
segmentation on MRI data with artifact correction.

We identified a reference device (BrainInsight, K202414) which also uses a fully automated MR
imaging post-processing medical software that image alignment, whole brain segmentation,
ventricle segmentation, and midline shift measurements based on machine learning tools.
Similarly, the subject device and the reference device segments brain structures from T1 MR
images based on a similar principle. Furthermore, for volumes derived from T1 images, the
subject device and the reference device provide statistical comparison of normalized values with
a normative dataset from a healthy reference population.

However, both systems use clinical MR brain scans as input and automatically identify and
measure volumes of brain structures. Both systems provide morphometric measurements based
on 3D T1 MRI series. The resulting output is provided in a standard DICOM format as
additional MR series that can be displayed on third-party DICOM workstations and PACS.
Both systems produce similar reports. The output includes volumes that have been annotated
with color overlays, with each color representing a particular segmented region, and
morphometric reports that provide comparison of measured volumes to reference percentile data.

They utilize the same automated safety measures and have similar processing architecture. Both
devices are DICOM compatible and operate on off-the-shelf hardware. Both systems are used by
medical professionals, such as radiologists, neurologists and neuroradiologists, as well as by
clinical researchers, as a support tool in assessment of
structural MRIs.


                                            Page 5 of 7

11. Performance Data:

  SW verification/validation and the measurement accuracy test were conducted to establish
    the performance, functionality and reliability characteristics of the subject devices. The
   device passed all of the tests based on pre-determined Pass/Fail criteria.

   Neurophet AQUA performance was evaluated by comparing segmentation accuracy with
    expert manual segmentations and by measuring segmentation reproducibility between same
    subject scans. The system yields reproducible results that are well correlated with expert
   manual segmentation.

   Neurophet AQUA performance was evaluated by comparing segmentation accuracy with
    expert manual segmentations and by measuring segmentation reproducibility between same
    subject scans. The system yields reproducible results that are well correlated with expert
   manual segmentations.

   As part of AQUA's training data, 300 T1-weighted MRI scans collected from ten different
  MRI scanner types were used to train for the brain structural segmentation model.

  MRI scanners with 30 scans each contain public datasets, including ADNI, IXI, PPMI, HCP,
   and AIBL. Ground-truth data were initially generated using FreeSurfer (General Hospital
    Corporation, Boston, MA, USA, version 6.0) and verified and corrected by four radiologists.

  A total of 64 T1 scans (56%, n=36 US-based data; 62.5%, n=40 females; age ranges 20-90)
   were used for accuracy and 50 repeated T1 scans (62%, n=31 US-based data; 46%, n=23
    females; age ranges 10-90) were used for reproducibility. Both sets include cognitive normal,
   mild cognitive impairments, and Alzheimer's disease patients from MR scanners of three
   main vendors (Siemens, Phillips, and GE). The data set met the imaging protocol
   requirements described in the User Manual. Stratified results across race/ethnicity, age,
    gender, pathology, scanner, vendor, and magnetic field strength were provided. All the
    testing data was exclusive from the training dataset.

   Neurophet AQUA segmentation accuracy compared to expert manual segmentations of T1
  MRI scans was evaluated using Dice’s coefficient metric. For major subcortical brain
    structures Dice’s coefficients are in the range of 80-90% and for major cortical regions are in
    the range of 75-85%.

   Brain structural reproducibility of repeated T1 MRI scans for same subjects was evaluated by
   using the percentage absolute volume differences. The mean percentage absolute volume
    differences for all major subcortical structures were in the range of 1-5%.


12. Conclusion:

   The subject device is substantially equivalent in the areas of technical characteristics, general
   function, application, and indications for use. The new device does not introduce a


                                            Page 6 of 7

fundamentally new scientific technology, and the device has been validated through system
level test. Therefore, we conclude that the subject device described in this submission is
substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                        Page 7 of 7