December 1, 2022


Rhythm AI Ltd.
℅ Linda D'Abate
VP, Regulatory, Clinical & Quality
124 Gilbert Stuart Drive
East Greenwich, Rhode Island 02818


Re: K220786
    Trade/Device Name: STAR Apollo™ Mapping System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1425
    Regulation Name: Programmable Diagnostic Computer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: DQK
    Dated: October 27, 2022
    Received: October 28, 2022

Dear Linda D'Abate:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K220786 - Linda D'Abate                                                               Page 2


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                        Aneesh S. Deoras -S

                                       Aneesh Deoras
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                Diagnostics and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K220786

Device Name
STAR Apollo™ Mapping System


Indications for Use (Describe)
STAR Apollo™ Mapping System assists users in manual annotation of 3D anatomical and electrical maps of human atria
using data from multipolar, intracardiac, atrial, electrograms during atrial fibrillation. The clinical significance of utilizing
the STAR Apollo Mapping System, to help identify areas with intracardiac atrial electrograms, of atrial arrhythmias, such
as atrial fibrillation, has not been established by clinical investigations.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k)Summary


1) SUBMITTER
         Rhythm AI Ltd.
          Witney Business & Innovation Center
          Windrush Industrial Park
           Witney, Oxfordshire
        OX29 7DX
           United Kingdom
           Phone: (714) 235-6608
            website: n/a
           Contact Person: Linda D’Abate
           Date Prepared: October 27, 2022

        2) DEVICE
           510(k) Number: K220786
        Name of Device: STAR Apollo™ Mapping System
        Common or Usual Name: Electroanatomic mapping system
             Classification Name: Programmable, Diagnostic, Computer
           Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1425
           Regulatory Class: II
           Product Code: DQK

        3) PREDICATE DEVICE
           510(k) Number: K201298
           Primary Predicate: VX1 manufactured by Volta Medical

        4) DEVICE DESCRIPTION
         The STAR ApolloTM Mapping System is a software driven system designed to assist operators
            in identifying Early Site of Activations (ESA) and Repetitive Patterns of Activation (RPA) in
            patients undergoing a cardiac mapping procedure for Atrial Fibrillation (AF). The software is
           designed for use in association with a commercially approved electroanatomic mapping
           system, specifically, Ensite Precision Cardiac Mapping System Model EE 3000 (V2.6) or
           Ensite X EP System (V 1.1.1) (Abbott Medical), and the commercially approved catheter,
         Advisor™ HD Grid Mapping Catheter, Sensor Enabled™ (Abbott Medical).

         The STAR Apollo Mapping System is a cardiac mapping method that is based on proprietary
           algorithms developed to identify localized sources of atrial activation during AF       . The STAR
          Apollo Mapping System does not aim to elucidate the mechanism of AF, rather it seeks to
            reveal the anatomical location of regions where activation may be originating from, regardless
           of mechanism. This is based on a very simple and fundamental principle that the source of
            activation will have activation emerging from it in multiple directions, but not progressing
          towards it.

         The system consists of proprietary Star Apollo Mapping System software and a hardware
          component. Star Apollo Mapping System software consists of 3 main components:

510(k)Summary

   Electroanatomic data import, the STAR Apollo Mapping System engine (C++ code) and
   Graphics User Interface (GUI). The STAR Apollo Mapping System is designed to run on a
    laptop computer running Windows 10 or later operating system. Star Apollo Mapping System
    software is pre-installed onto the laptop.

   The STAR Apollo Mapping System uses export data from the Ensite Precision or Ensite X EP
   system that has been collected with the HD Grid catheter during the mapping procedure. The
  HD Grid is used to collect anatomy, localization and electrogram data in the atria. Recordings
    are made for 30 seconds with the HD Grid in a stable position and in contact with the atrial
    wall. These 30 seconds acquisitions are made in multiple, non-overlapping locations, so as to
    generate recordings over the entire atrial chamber. Once the data has been acquired, the data is
   anonymized and exported, via a portable external data storage device, to the laptop computer
   running the STAR Apollo Mapping System. The export data from the Ensite Precision or
    Ensite X EP systems consists of electrograms, electrode coordinates, ECG recordings and the
   geometry model. The data are imported, utilizing the portable external data storage device, into
    the STAR Apollo Mapping System and then processed by the STAR Apollo engine to generate
   a STAR Apollo map visualized by the GUI.
   The STAR Apollo Mapping System operates outside the sterile field and is not connected
    directly to the Ensite Precision or Ensite X EP mapping system, or any other devices used in
    the procedure. The system uses the data transferred, via a portable external data storage device,
   from the Ensite Precision or Ensite X EP mapping system, which is then disconnected from
    that Ensite Precision or Ensite X EP mapping system and then loaded onto the laptop computer
   running STAR Apollo Mapping System software. No data is transferred from the STAR Apollo
   Mapping System back to the Ensite Precision or Ensite X EP mapping system i.e. data transfer
     is only in one direction. No modifications to the Ensite Precision or Ensite X EP mapping
   systems are made to accommodate the STAR Apollo Mapping System. The Star Apollo maps
   may be used to give physicians information about the AF activations. The physicians may use
   them as an additional aid to identify areas within the atria that may warrant further and close
   examination using the Ensite Precision or Ensite X EP mapping system, and the HD Grid
    catheter. The system is never directly connected to a patient, nor does it deliver therapy. It is
   used as a software tool that provides supplementary information to the physician. The STAR
   Apollo Mapping System is intended to be used in an electrophysiology procedure and/or
    outside of the electrophysiology lab.

5) STATEMENT OF INDICATION for USE
  STAR Apollo™ Mapping System assists users in manual annotation of 3D anatomical and
    electrical maps of human atria using data from multipolar, intracardiac, atrial, electrograms
   during atrial fibrillation. The clinical significance of utilizing the STAR Apollo Mapping
   System, to help identify areas with intracardiac atrial electrograms, of atrial arrhythmias, such
    as atrial fibrillation, has not been established by clinical investigations.

510(k)Summary

 6) SUMMARY OF NON-CLINICAL TESTING
   The following testing was conducted to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the primary predicate.
   •  Software design verification testing
       •   Algorithm description and testing- Identification of each of the algorithms within the software code and
              testing to demonstrate that the mathematical calculations performed by the software match that of the
              correct, predetermined output.
       •    Verification of algorithm calculations and graphic output – Test cases were performed for each of the
            software requirement specifications and demonstrated that the software performance met the acceptance
               criteria for each of the test cases and both numerical and graphical output was correct.
   •  Software design validation testing
       •    Blinded Physician Validation (Manual Annotation versus STAR Apollo Mapping System) – Simulated
              testing was completed with electrophysiologists performing manual annotation of ECGs and comparing
             the results with the STAR Apollo Mapping System. Testing demonstrated that manual annotation
             yielded similar results to the STAR Apollo Mapping System output.
       •   STAR Apollo Physician Use- Simulated testing was completed with electrophysiologists and rated the
             overall use of the STAR Apollo Mapping System software. Testing demonstrated that the STAR
           Apollo System Mapping System software was appropriate for use.

7) TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS AND COMPARISON TO PREDICATE

The STAR Apollo Mapping System and its predicate Volta VX1(K201298) both work with
standard electrophysiology catheters to aid in mapping the atria. The predicate device outputs
multiple real-time sequential annotation in order to complete a global assessment of the atria (the
map updates each time an acquisition is processed but the aim is to map the entire atria to produce
a global assessment after multiple analysis). The STAR Apollo device outputs information as a
single global output of sequentially acquired input data (the map produced is global and is a single
analysis of multiple sequential acquisitions). Both are separate stand alone software systems.
Whether these functions are presented sequentially, or as one global map of sequentially acquired
data in real-time, or performed separately during the same procedure, does not affect the subject
device’s performance nor raise different questions of safety or effectiveness. The information
provided is used independently from the clinical procedure, and requires further clinical validation
by the physician before any mapping or treatment decisions are made.
In particular, the STAR Apollo Mapping System performs an equivalent function to the Volta VX1
device. Both devices aid operators by assisting in annotating complex electrical maps of the atria,
and both devices process and output information, via a computer and displays that are operated by
use of a keyboard/mouse. Additionally, the input data used by STAR Apollo Mapping System
software are of the same nature (multipolar atrial electrograms) as those used by the Volta VX1
device. Both devices also have similar outputs, the results of analysis of these signals and
representation of this analysis on a computer display.
The STAR Apollo Mapping System software performs analysis of individual per procedural data
sets, with the algorithms based on fundamental principles of electrophysiology, in order to
replicate what a physician would do manually, given sufficient time. VX1 also automates the
process that can be performed manually, but the analytical parameters pertain to recordings of
previous procedures. VX1 is a software that utilizes deep learning based algorithms to analyze data
sets, whereas the STAR Apollo Mapping System software uses fixed algorithms and equations to
analyze the data sets. Both STAR Apollo Mapping system software and VX1 are not connected to

510(k)Summary

a server network.
Like the predicate device, the STAR Apollo Mapping System assists in the annotation of complex
3D anatomical and electrical maps of the human atria, including the presence of multipolar
electrograms. Thus, both the subject and predicate device have similar intended use.

510(k)Summary

    Neither device is intended for directing treatment or affecting the outcome of any particular heart
    arrhythmia.

                         SUBJECT DEVICE             PRIMARY PREDICATE             COMPARISON

                   STAR Apollo Mapping System               Volta VX1                Subject Device to Predicates

Regulatory

510(k) Number               K220786                      K201298


Regulation No. (s)          21 CFR 870.1425                21 CFR 870.1425             Identical

Product Code (s)             DQK                     DQK                   Identical

Indications for Use  STAR Apollo™ Mapping System   The VX1 assists operators in real-    Similar.
                        assists users in manual          time manual annotation of 3D                                                                                               Like the predicate, both STAR                    annotation of 3D anatomical and  anatomical and electrical maps of                                                                                      Apollo Mapping System and                        electrical maps of human atria   human atria for the presence of                                                                       VX1 assist operators in manual                     using data from multipolar,       multipolar intracardiac, atrial,                                                                                    annotation of anatomical and                       intracardiac, atrial, electrograms  electrograms exhibiting                                                                                                       electrical maps of human atria,                    during atrial fibrillation.          spatiotemporal dispersion during                                                                                         using data from multipolar,                                                                 atrial fibrillation or atrial                  The clinical significance of                                              intracardiac electrograms                                                       tachycardia.                         utilizing the STAR Apollo                                            during atrial fibrillation.
                 mapping system, to help identify  The clinical significance of utilizing                                                                         STAR Apollo Mapping identifies                    areas with intracardiac atrial     the VX1 software to help identify                                                                                       areas with intracardiac                     electrograms, of atrial            areas with intracardiac atrial                                                                                      electrograms showing repetitive                     arrhythmias, such as atrial        electrograms exhibiting                                                                                        patterns of activation (RPA)                          fibrillation, has not been         spatiotemporal dispersion for                                                                                             including earliest site of                     established by clinical            catheter ablation of atrial                                                                                              activation (ESA); while VX1                       investigations.                   arrhythmias, such as atrial                                                                                                     identifies areas with intra-                                                                  fibrillation, has not been                                                                                            cardiac atrial electrograms                                                       established by clinical                                                                                              exhibiting spatiotemporal                                                          investigations.                                                                                              dispersion. The STAR mapping
                                                                                system uses algorithms to
                                                                                       analyze and summarize AF
                                                                                                repetitive activation patterns,
                                                                                        allowing physicians to
                                                                                 understand how the AF may be
                                                                                               activating the atrium. The VX1

510(k)Summary


                         SUBJECT DEVICE             PRIMARY PREDICATE             COMPARISON

                   STAR Apollo Mapping System               Volta VX1                Subject Device to Predicates

                                                                                     uses an algorithm to analyze
                                                                                      electrograms and identify
                                                                                       dispersed regions. Both the
                                                                         STAR Apollo Mapping system
                                                                          and the VX1 simply provides
                                                                                complimentary additional
                                                                                      information regarding atrial
                                                                                                           fibrillation to the user in
                                                                                         addition to the information
                                                                                   provided by mapping systems.
                                                                            The clinical significance of both
                                                                                    the STAR Apollo Mapping
                                                                                system and VX1 have not been
                                                                                          established by clinical
                                                                                                investigation.
                                                                                            Neither device is
                                                                                   intended for directing
                                                                                  treatment or affecting the
                                                                         outcome of any particular atrial
                                                                                       arrhythmia.
                                                                            The slight difference between
                                                                                    the subject device and the
                                                                                         predicate device does not alter
                                                                                    the intended diagnostic effect
                                                                          and does not introduce any new
                                                                                              issues of safety or efficacy


                     Individuals undergoing EP          Individuals undergoing EPIntended Use                                                                                   Identical                  procedures                      proceduresPopulation

                        Clinical and hospital environment  Clinical and hospital environmentIntended Use                                                                                   Identical
Environment

510(k)Summary


                          SUBJECT DEVICE             PRIMARY PREDICATE             COMPARISON

                   STAR Apollo Mapping System               Volta VX1                Subject Device to Predicates

                      Prescription Only                  Prescription Only                     Identical Prescription (Rx
 Only)/ Over-theCounter

                      Electrophysiological mapping of    Electrophysiological mapping of     Identical Device Design                    the atria with visual cues for       the atria with visual cues for
                      analysis of atrial fibrillation using   analysis of atrial fibrillation using
                    software                        software

Mapping Display     The physician transfers the        Displays adjudications as visual                                                                                                     Similar, both subject device and                     export data into the STAR Apollo  cues after analyzing intracardiac Principal Mapping                                                                       predicate device provide                  Mapping System software. The    atrial electrograms in real-time Approach                                                                                 graphics based upon input data.                  STAR Apollo Mapping System     using signal processing and deep
                    performs calculations and       and machine learning techniques   STAR Mapping system displays
                    computations using the input                                    ESAs and RPAs overlaid a
                      data. The STAR Apollo Mapping                                       graphical representation of the
                   System displays a graphical                                     anatomy; VX1 displays the
                     representation of the anatomy                                       electrode locations on a
                      of the heart atrial chamber                                          catheter model without the
                      overlaid with the Early                                       anatomy of the heart atrial
                      Activation Sites (ESAs) and                                      chamber.
                      Repetitive Patterns of
                      Activation(RPAs) for atrial
                           fibrillation.

                     Using the individualized, patient-  The locations are displayed          Similar, the locations of interest Cardiac Model                         specific anatomical model         relative to the mapping catheter    of both the subject device and Used                     created with the 3D mapping      electrodes.                       the predicate device and both
                     systems. The locations are                                          are displayed as the output
                      displayed relative to the                                               graphical data.
                  mapping catheter electrodes
                      overlaid with the anatomical                                   The anatomical representations
                    model.                                             may assist the physicians in
                                                                                              interpreting the electrophysiological data as
                                                                                demonstrated by the verification
                                                                           and validation studies.

                   The STAR Apollo Mapping       The map type generated by VX1,     Similar. Both the STAR Apollo Cardiac Maps                   System displays graphical            is a real-timed Dispersed          Mapping system and the VX1 Provided                     representation of the anatomy    Electrograms (DE) subtype of       simply provides complimentary
                      of a heart chamber overlaid with  multipolar electrogram map. The    additional information regarding
                       Early Activation Sites (ESAs) and  operator is provided with a display   atrial fibrillation to the user, in
                      Repetitive Activation Patterns     of the electrode locations where    addition to the information
                     (RPAs) using stable contact       dispersed or non-dispersed         provided by mapping systems.
                      multipolar catheter recording     electrograms have been recorded
                     during atrial fibrillation to        during atrial fibrillation or atrial

510(k)Summary


                         SUBJECT DEVICE             PRIMARY PREDICATE             COMPARISON

                   STAR Apollo Mapping System               Volta VX1                Subject Device to Predicates

                    provide insights of atrial          tachycardia.
                          fibrillation.

                      Signal processing-based atrial     Signal processing-based atrialSystem Type                                                                                    Identical                 mapping system               mapping system

                     Color Monitor                   Color MonitorDisplay(s)                                                                                       Identical

                   Laptop                        Standard keyboard/mouseControl                                                                           Laptop keyboard versus                   keyboard/mouse/trackpad/touc                                                                                    standard keyboard.                     hscreen.
                                                                         STAR Apollo additionally has
                                                                                     trackpad and touchscreen for
                                                                                            additional usability by
                                                                                              physicians, as demonstrated by
                                                                                                   verification and validation
                                                                                                studies.


Principles of Operation

Software Driven      Yes                             Yes                                  Identical
Analysis


Reports of         No                       No                                  Identical
Diagnostic Results


Electrophysiologic     Yes, Patient-specific                Yes. Patient -specific                Identical
al Cardiac Input       intracardiac electrogram           intracardiac electrogram
                     information (acquired by          information (acquired by
                    compatible catheter)             compatible catheter


Principal Mapping     Displays visual cues after           Displays adjunctions as visual      Identical with the exception of
Output               analyzing intracardiac atrial       cues after analyzing intra-         real time for Volta VX1. The
                     electrograms using signal           cardiac atrial electrograms in      lack of not being performed in
                     processing techniques (not in       real-time using signal              real time does not affect the
                       real-time)                         processing techniques           performance of STAR Apollo’s
                                                                                                  functionality.


Compatible          Advisor HD Grid Mapping        Any compatible catheter         Although Volta specifies a
Catheters             Catheter, Sensor Enabled         meeting the requirements       broader range of specified

510(k)Summary


                         SUBJECT DEVICE             PRIMARY PREDICATE             COMPARISON

                   STAR Apollo Mapping System               Volta VX1                Subject Device to Predicates

                    (K172393)                             listed below:                     catheters when compared to
                                                                                    the Rhythm AI recommended                                                         Compatibility Requirements:                                                                                                  single catheter, it does not
                                             Mapping catheter:               change the performance
                                                                                                   relative to atrial mapping and                                                          -Electrodes size: 1mm                                                                              does not raise different
                                                           -Inter-electrode spacing: 2-3      questions of safety or
                              mm                               effectiveness.
                                              -Number of dipoles: 10
                                                   Coronary sinus catheter
                                                         -Electrode size: 1mm
                                                               -Inter electrode Spacing: 2-3
                              mm
                                              -Number of selected dipoles: 5
                                                   Note: The Advisor HD Grid
                                             Mapping Catheter, Sensor
                                                     Enabled, recommended by
                                            Rhythm AI, is within the range
                                                        of the above stated
                                                         compatibility parameters for
                                                    the catheters


Compatible           Ensite Precision Cardiac         2D Acquisition Data System:       Similar
System            Mapping System Model EE        LabSystem Pro, Acquisition                                                                         STAR Apollo Mapping system                   3000 (V2.6) (K201148)            System (Boston Scientific)                                                                                     uses a 3D electro-anatomical                                                    (K141185) and MacLab                       Ensite X EP System (V 1.1.1)                                  mapping system versus a 2D                                                     CardioLab Acquisition System                    (K213364)                                                mapping system which does not                                                      (General Electric) (K130626).                                                                               change the safety and efficacy
                                                                                           of the subject device and the
                                                                                            predicate.

Hardware Design     Off-the Shelf information           Off-the-shelf information          Similar
and Materials        technology (IT) hardware:         technology (IT) hardware:                                                                         STAR Apollo Mapping SystemUsed               Laptop computer and screen,      computer and monitor,                                                                                     uses a laptop computer and                    connection cable, acquisition      connection cable, acquisition                                                                                                           utilizes a USB to transfer the                    USB, proprietary software         system, proprietary software                                                                                              acquisition data to the STAR                     algorithm                        algorithm                                                                                      Apollo Mapping System.
                                                                              Both the subject device and the
                                                                                         predicate device use proprietary
                                                                                    software algorithms.

510(k)Summary

8) CONCLUSION
   The STAR  Apollo Mapping  System  software  and   it  predicate  both  work  with  standard
    electrophysiology catheters to aid in mapping the human atria. Both STAR Apollo Mapping System
   and VX1 assist operators in manual annotation of anatomical and electrical maps of human atria, using
    data from multipolar, intracardiac electrograms during atrial fibrillation.
    Specifically, the STAR Apollo Mapping System software is substantially equivalent to the VX1 device.
    In particular, the STAR Apollo Mapping System performs an equivalent function to the VX1 device
   and works with mapping systems and compatible catheters to form a system which is equivalent to the
    predicate  system. The STAR Apollo Mapping System and VX1 have  similar  technological
    characteristics and principles of operation. The signals identified by the STAR Apollo Mapping System
    software are of the same nature (multipolar electrograms) and have the same input (intra-cardiac atrial
    signals) and have similar output. The STAR Apollo Mapping System software has the same intended
    use and similar indications, technological characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate
    device. The minor differences in indications do not alter the intended use of the device as an
    electrophysiological evaluation tool. In addition, the minor technological differences of the STAR
    Apollo Mapping System software does not affect substantial equivalence to the predicate. Performance
    data, as described above, demonstrate that the STAR Apollo Mapping System software is as safe and
    effective as the predicate. Thus, the STAR Apollo Mapping System software is substantially equivalent.