3D-Side SA
℅ Mieke Janssen
Regulatory Affairs Consultant
OrthoGrow NV
Davincilaan 1
Zaventem, Vlaams-Brabant 1930
BELGIUM

Re: K221432                                                         August 3, 2022
    Trade/Device Name: Customize
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH,
    Dated: July 8, 2022
    Received: July 11, 2022

Dear Mieke Janssen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K221432 - Mieke Janssen                                                              Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                             DHT 8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                             OHT 8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                            See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K221432

Device Name
Customize


Indications for Use (Describe)
Customize for ankle arthroplasty is intended to be used as a software interface to assist in:
- Visualization, modification, validation of the planning of total ankle arthroplasty
- Communication of treatment options
- Segmentation of CT-scan data
- 3D CAD models generation
- use x-ray scan information to enhance the planning of ankle arthroplasty
- Managing timeline and cases

Customize is not intended to be used for
- Spine surgeries
- Implant and instrument design

Experience in usage and clinical assessment are necessary for a proper use of the software. It is to be used for adult
patients only and should not be used for diagnostic purposes.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)     E  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                         CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                         Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

FORM FDA 3881 (6120)                             Page 1 of 1                                                      PSC PublisAing Servics (301) 443-6740   EF

Submitter: 3D-Side                        Premarket Notification: Traditional 510(k)
 Device: Customize
                          K221432510(K) SUMMARY (21CFR807.92)

SUBMITTER
     Company Name:                       3D-Side
       Establishment registration number:        3013561205
       Address:                           Rue André Dumont 5
                                          1435 Mont-Saint-Guibert, BE
      Phone number:                       +32 (0) 10 81 35 48
Principal contact person:                      Mieke Janssen
        Principal contact e-mail address           mieke@ortho-grow.com
       Additional contact person:                 Laurent Paul
       Additional contact e-mail address          lp@3dside.eu
Summary date:

DEVICE
     Name & trade name:                    Customize
        Classification name:                    Automated Radiological Image Processing
                                               Software
        Classification product code            QIH
       Regulation number                     21 CFR 892.2050

PREDICATE AND REFERENCE DEVICES
The predicate device to which substantial equivalence is claimed:

 Item                       Description

 Device Classification Name  Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
 510(k) number            K213779
 Trade  or   proprietary  or  Customize
 model name
 Original Applicant          3D-Side SA
 Regulation Number         21 CFR 892.2050
 Decision date             March 16, 2022
 Classification product code  QIH
 510(k) Review Panel         Radiology


DESCRIPTION AND FUNCTIONING OF THE DEVICE
Customize is intended to be used during the preparation of ankle arthroplasties. It visualizes
surgical treatment options that were previously created based on 3D CAD files generated from
multi-slice DICOM data from a CT scanner. It consists of a single software user interface where
the physician can review the CAD files in 3D, CT and X-Ray images in 2D and modify the position
                                                                   Page 1 of 3

Submitter: 3D-Side                        Premarket Notification: Traditional 510(k)
 Device: Customize


and orientation of the different 3D objects. Customize includes an implant library with 3D digital
representations of various implant models so that the right implant positioning and sizing can be
achieved based on the physician’s input. After approval by the physician, the treatment plan is
saved on the server and can be used as a reference during surgery. It is also possible to export the
treatment plan for further processing such as designing and manufacturing of patient specific
devices (the design of those later is done using an external software).

Customize is prescription use only.

INTENDED USE
Customize for ankle arthroplasty is intended to be used as a software interface to assist in:

     -   Visualization, modification, validation of the planning of ankle arthroplasty
     -  Communication of treatment options
     -   Segmentation of CT-scan data
     -  3D CAD models generation
     -  Use X-Ray images to enhance the planning of ankle arthroplasty
     -  Managing timeline and cases

Customize is not intended to be used for
     -   Spine surgeries
     -   Implant, instrument or patient-specific devices design

Experience in usage and clinical assessment are necessary for a proper use of the software. It is to
be used for adult patients only and should not be used for diagnostic purposes.

COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE
Following similarities exist between the subject device Customize and the predicate device
(Customize, K213779):

     -   Intended use/indications for use: both the subject and the predicate device share the same
       intended use
     -  Device functionality:
        o  Both devices read and visualize medical images compliant with the DICOM
               standard, and visualize 3D objects.
        o  Both devices implement  artificial intelligence including nonadaptive machine
               learning, followed by human supervision.
        o  Both devices use 3D rendering to visualize the treatment options, and allow preview
              of the implant replacement components intraoperatively.

Following technological difference exists between the subject device and the predicate device:

                                                                   Page 2 of 3

Submitter: 3D-Side                        Premarket Notification: Traditional 510(k)
 Device: Customize


     -  Next to CT imaging data as input for the generation of 3D CAD models, the subject device
       also uses information from x-ray images as input for the pre-operative planning.

Since the fundamental technologies are similar, no new or different questions of safety or
effectiveness are raised. Bot the subject as well as predicate device visualize x-ray images,
therefore the use of landmark information to calculate parameters for the preoperative planning
does not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness.


SUMMARY OF PERFORMANCE DATA
Non-clinical performance data was included in the 510(k)-submission demonstrating Customize
has been validated for its intended use and substantial equivalence to the predicate device.

Software verification and validation were performed, and documentation was included in this
submission  in accordance with FDA Guidance “Guidance  for  the Content of Premarket
Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”. This includes verification against
defined requirements, and validation against user needs. In addition, performance testing included
1) segmentation validation of the Customize software, 2) Repeatability and Reproducibility (R&R)
study on the segmentation of ankle anatomies and 3) accuracy study on 3D model generation for
tibia and talus.

For image segmentation, the device includes artificial intelligence including nonadaptive machine
learning followed by human supervision by a 3D-Side engineer. The AI-based ankle algorithm is
based on a machine that has been trained to identify bones using a dataset of 126 medical images
(CT scans) and their corresponding segmentation. A proportion of 30% of the cases are eligible
for ankle arthroplasty surgery, 70% are cadaveric cases. No confounder is available in the dataset.
The population consists of 32% of women, and 68% of man, with an average age of 62 years old.
The machine produces a temporary label to the user which should be seen as an initialization to
the segmentation which requires manual editions.


CONCLUSION
The characteristics that determine the functionality and performance of Customize, the subject
device, are substantially equivalent to the predicate device cleared under K213779. The nonclinical testing indicates that the subject device is as safe, as effective, and performs as well as the
predicate.


                                                                   Page 3 of 3