September 13, 2022
Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
℅ Alina Goodman
Regulatory Affairs Professional
40 Liberty Boulevard
MALVERN PA 19355

Re: K221733
    Trade/Device Name: MAGNETOM Sola, MAGNETOM Altea, MAGNETOM Sola Fit
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic resonance diagnostic device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH, LNI, MOS
    Dated: June 9, 2022
    Received: June 15, 2022

Dear Alina Goodman:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reporting-

K221733 - Alina Goodman                                                             Page 2


combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                          Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                          and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (ifknown)
Device Name
MAGNETOM Sola;
MAGNETOM Altea;
MAGNETOM Sola Fit
Indications for Use (Describe)
The MAGNETOM system is indicated for use as a magnetic resonance diagnostic device (MRDD)
that produces transverse, sagittal, coronal and oblique cross sectional images, spectroscopic
images and/or spectra, and that displays the internal structure and/or function of the head, body, or
extremities. Other physical parameters derived from the images and/or spectra may also be
produced. Depending on the region of interest, contrast agents may be used. These images and/or
spectra and the physical parameters derived from the images and/or spectra when interpreted by a
trained physician yield information that may assist in diagnosis.
The MAGNETOM system may also be used for imaging during interventional procedures when
performed with MR compatible devices such as in-room displays and MR Safe biopsy needles.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) oO Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

K221733510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in
accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Devices Act 1990 and 21 CFR
§ 807.92.


1. General Information
Establishment:      Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
                    40 Liberty Boulevard
                       Malvern, PA 19355, USA
                        Registration Number: 2240869

Date Prepared:       June 9th, 2022

Manufacturer:       Siemens Healthcare GmbH
                       Henkestr. 127
                    91052 Erlangen
                   Germany
                        Registration Number: 3002808157

                    Siemens Shenzhen Magnetic Resonance LTD.
                    Siemens MRI Center
                      Hi-Tech Industrial park (middle)
                     Gaoxin C. Ave., 2nd
                   Shenzhen 518057
                      P.R. CHINA
                        Registration Number: 3004754211

2. Contact Information
                        Alina Goodman
                      Regulatory Affairs Professional
                    Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
                    40 Liberty Boulevard
                       Malvern, PA 19355, USA
                     Phone:     +1(317)371-8593
                        E-mail: alina.goodman@siemens-healthineers.com

3. Device Name and Classification
Device/ Trade name: MAGNETOM Sola, MAGNETOM Altea, MAGNETOM
                      Sola Fit with syngo MR XA51A
Classification Name:  Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device (MRDD)
Classification Panel:  Radiology
CFR Code:          21 CFR § 892.1000
Classification:              II
Product Code:        Primary: LNH
                     Secondary: LNI, MOS

4. Legally Marketed Predicate Device
Trade name:       MAGNETOM Vida with syngo MR XA50A
510(k) Number:      K213693
Classification Name:  Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device (MRDD)
Classification Panel:  Radiology
CFR Code:          21 CFR § 892.1000
Classification:              II
Product Code:        Primary: LNH
                     Secondary: LNI, MOS

5. Intended Use
The indications for use for the subject devices are the same as the predicate
device:
The MAGNETOM system is indicated for use as a magnetic resonance diagnostic
device (MRDD) that produces transverse, sagittal, coronal and oblique cross
sectional images, spectroscopic images and/or spectra, and that displays the
internal structure and/or function of the head, body, or extremities. Other physical
parameters derived from the images and/or spectra may also be produced.
Depending on the region of interest, contrast agents may be used. These images
and/or spectra and the physical parameters derived from the images and/or
spectra when interpreted by a trained physician yield information that may assist
in diagnosis.
The MAGNETOM system may also be used for imaging during interventional
procedures when performed with MR compatible devices such as in-room
displays and MR Safe biopsy needles.

6. Device Description
The subject devices, MAGNETOM Sola, MAGNETOM Altea, MAGNETOM Sola
Fit with software syngo MR XA51A, consist of new and modified software and
hardware that is similar to what is currently offered on the predicate device,
MAGNETOM Vida with syngo MR XA50A (K213693). A high-level summary of the
new and modified hardware and software is provided below:
 Hardware
 New Features and Application
- The myExam 3D Camera feature supports the radiographer and/or the
   technician with the positioning of the patient during the examination

 Software
 New Features and Applications
- myExam_Autopilot is a simplified scan workflow designed for enabling lessMRI experience users to complete MRI routine Brain and Knee examinations
   successfully.
- Open Recon Framework  interface  allows  to  apply  container-based
   reconstruction algorithms on the reconstruction systems. The Open Recon
  Framework only allows FDA cleared 3rd party algorithms to be imported for
   clinical use.
 Modified Features and Applications
- myExam Angio Advanced Assist for Test Bolus examinations supports the
   clinical user in planning and execution of peripheral angiography examinations.

The user is guided in the multi-station planning and the correct timing of the
  angiography measurement using the Angio Advanced Bolus Timing Addin.
- Beat Sensor Cardiac triggering is a physiological triggering technique based on
   the pilot tone technology that has been adapted in the subject devices to allow
   for cardiac triggering with a wide range of sequences typically used in MRI
  examinations of the heart and great vessels


7. Substantial Equivalence
MAGNETOM Sola, MAGNETOM Altea, MAGNETOM Sola Fit with software syngo
MR XA51A is substantially equivalent to the following predicate device:

 Predicate Device       FDA Clearance Number   Product     Manufacturer
                      and Date              Code
MAGNETOM Vida with     K213693, cleared on     LNH        Siemens Healthcare
 syngo MR XA50A          February 25, 2022          LNI, MOS   GmbH

8. Technological Characteristics
The subject devices, MAGNETOM Sola, MAGNETOM Altea, MAGNETOM
Sola Fit with software syngo MR XA51A, are substantially equivalent to the
predicate device with regard to the operational environment, programming
language, operating system and performance.
The subject devices conform to the standard for medical device software
(IEC 62304) and other relevant IEC and NEMA standards.
There are some differences in technological characteristics between the subject
device and predicate device, including new and modified hardware/software.
These differences have been tested and the conclusion from the non-clinical data
suggests that the features bear an equivalent safety and performance profile to
that of the predicate device.

9. Nonclinical Tests
The following performance testing was conducted on the subject devices.
                    Tested                     Acceptance
                                  Source/Rationale              Overall  For Details
 Performance Test   Hardware or                     Criteria
                                       for test                       Result  please refer to
                    Software
 Software verification   mainly new   Guidance for the   Verification   Passed  V&V-List
 and validation       and modified  Content of       and                 see Attachment
                       software     Premarket         Validation           10_4
                        features      Submissions for   tests are met
                                   Software
                                  Contained in
                                   Medical Devices
 Electrical, mechanical, complete       - AAMI / ANSI    Tests       Passed  IEC testing
 structural, and related system       ES60601-1      according to          see Attachment
 system safety test                           - IEC 60601-2-33  applicable           12
                                                     standard are
                                                  met/passed
 Electrical safety and   complete    IEC 60601-1-2   EMC       Passed  IEC testing
 electromagnetic      system                        requirements         see Attachment
 compatibility (EMC)                                   are                12
                                                  met/passed

The results from each set of tests demonstrate that the devices perform as
intended and are thus substantially equivalent to the predicate device to which it
has been compared.

10. Clinical Tests / Publications
No additional clinical tests were conducted to support substantial equivalence for
the subject devices; however, as stated above, sample clinical images were
provided. Furthermore, no additional clinical publications were needed referenced
to provide information on the use of the following features and functions, since this
was sufficiently done for the predicate device.


11. Safety and Effectiveness
The device labeling contains instructions for use and any necessary cautions and
warnings to ensure safe and effective use of the device.
Risk Management is ensured via a risk analysis in compliance with ISO 14971, to
identify and provide mitigation of potential hazards early in the design cycle and
continuously throughout the development of the product. Siemens Healthcare
GmbH adheres to recognized and established industry standards, such as the
IEC 60601-1 series, to minimize electrical and mechanical hazards. Furthermore,
the device is intended for healthcare professionals familiar with and responsible
for the acquisition and post processing of magnetic resonance images.
MAGNETOM Sola, MAGNETOM Altea, MAGNETOM Sola Fit with software syngo
MR XA51A conforms to the following FDA recognized and international IEC, ISO
and NEMA standards:


                                                                   Standards
Recognition  Product                               Reference
                              Title of Standard                            Development
Number     Area                             Number and date
                                                                       Organization
19-4         General II  Medical electrical equipment -   ES60601-        ANSI AAMI
              (ES/        Part 1: General requirements for 1:2005/(R)2012
           EMC)       basic safety and essential      and A1:2012,
                        performance (IEC 60601-       C1:2009/(R)2012
                          1:2005, MOD)               and
                                                     A2:2010/(R)2012
                                                         (Consolidated Text)
12-295       Radiology  Medical electrical equipment -   60601-2-33 Ed. 3.2 IEC
                           Part 2-33: Particular           b:2015
                         requirements for the basic
                            safety and essential
                        performance of magnetic
                        resonance equipment for
                         medical diagnosis
5-40         General I   Medical devices - Application of 14971 Second     ISO
             (QS/         risk management to medical     edition 2007-03-01
           RM)        devices
5-114        General I   Medical devices - Part 1:       62366-1:2015     ANSI AAMI
             (QS/        Application of usability                         IEC
           RM)        engineering to medical devices
13-79         Software/   Medical device software -      62304 Edition 1.1  IEC
               Informatics Software life cycle processes    2015-06
                                         CONSOLIDATED
                                          VERSION

12. Conclusion as to Substantial Equivalence
MAGNETOM Sola, MAGNETOM Altea, MAGNETOM Sola Fit with software syngo
MR XA51A has the same intended use and same basic technological
characteristics than the predicate device system, MAGNETOM Vida with syngo
MR XA50A, with respect to the magnetic resonance features and functionalities.
While there are some differences in technical features compared to the predicate
device, the differences have been tested and the conclusions from all verification
and validation data suggest that the features bear an equivalent safety and
performance profile to that of the predicate device and reference devices.
Siemens believes that MAGNETOM Sola, MAGNETOM Altea, MAGNETOM Sola
Fit with software syngo MR XA51A is substantially equivalent to the currently
marketed device MAGNETOM Vida with software syngo MR XA50A (K213693,
cleared on February 25, 2022).