July 14, 2022

Fifth Eye Inc.
℅ Donna-Bea Tillman
Senior Consultant
Biologics Consulting
1555 King Street, Suite 300
Alexandria, Virginia 22314

Re: K221203
    Trade/Device Name: AHI System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2220
    Regulation Name: Adjunctive hemodynamic indicator with decision point
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QNV,QNL
    Dated: June 17, 2022
    Received: June 21, 2022

Dear Donna-Bea Tillman:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K221203 - Donna-Bea Tillman                                                          Page 2


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                     Stephen C. Browning -S

                             LCDR Stephen Browning
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                Diagnostics and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K221203
Device Name
AHI System (v 2.2.0)
Indications for Use (Describe)
The AHI System is intended for use by healthcare professionals managing patients 18 years or older
who are receiving continuous physiological monitoring with electrocardiography (ECG) in hospitals.
AHI provides a frequently updated binary output over time based on pattern analysis of a lead-Il
ECG waveform intended to describe a patient's hemodynamic status and indicate if a patient is
showing signs of hemodynamic stability or instability. Signs of hemodynamic instability (HI) are
defined as hypotension (systolic blood pressure <90 mmHg or mean arterial pressure (MAP) <70
mmHg) combined with tachycardia (heart rate = 100 bpm).
AHI-PI provides the clinician with physiological insight into a patient's likelihood of a future episode
of HI. An episode of HI is defined as 10 continuous minutes or more where HI is present.
The goal of this adjunctive monitoring method is to enable identification of patients who are showing
HI or are likely to experience a future episode of HI, and to allow clinicians an opportunity to
increase vigilance. This device is intended for adjunctive use with other physical vital sign
parameters and patient information and is not intended to independently direct therapy.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) oO Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
Page 1 of 1

F  810(k) Summary Pretest 2022.08:14
| Contact Details 21 CFR 807.92(a)(1)
Correspondent Contact Telephone
Correspondent Contact Email
| Device Name 21 CFR 807.92(a)(2)
| Legally Marketed Predicate Devices 21 CFR 807.92(a)(3)
Predicate # Predicate Trade Name (Primary Predicate is listed first) Product Code
Device Description Summary 21 CFR 807.92(a)(4)
The AHI System is a multiparameter system designed to meet clinicians’ need to identify patient hemodynamic status and predict
patient hemodynamic instability episodes using two analytics:
1. Analytic for Hemodynamic Instability (AHI): Utilizing data from a single existing lead of a non-invasive electrocardiograph (ECG), AHI
analyzes heart rate variability (HRV) and ECG morphology features to rapidly detect signs of hemodynamic stability or instability and
categorize each window of data as either “AHI Stable” or “AHI Unstable.” Time trending of AHI outputs is also provided.
data, AHI-PI indicates the likelihood of a future episode of hemodynamic instability, defined as ten continuous minutes or more where
signs of hemodynamic instability are present.

Page 1

Intended Use/Indications for Use 21 CFR 807.92(a)(5
The AHI System is intended for use by healthcare professionals managing patients 18 years or older who are receiving continuous
physiological monitoring with electrocardiography (ECG) in hospitals.

AHI provides a frequently updated binary output over time based on pattern analysis of a lead-Il ECG waveform intended to describe a
patient's hemodynamic status and indicate if a patient is showing signs of hemodynamic stability or instability. Signs of hemodynamic
instability (HI) are defined as hypotension (systolic blood pressure <90 mmHg or mean arterial pressure (MAP) <70 mmHg) combined
with tachycardia (heart rate > 100 bpm).

AHI-PI provides the clinician with physiological insight into a patient's likelihood of a future episode of HI. An episode of HI is defined as

10 continuous minutes or more where HI is present.

The goal of this adjunctive monitoring method is to enable identification of patients who are showing HI or are likely to experience a
future episode of HI, and to allow clinicians an opportunity to increase vigilance. This device is intended for adjunctive use with other
physical vital sign parameters and patient information and is not intended to independently direct therapy.

Indications for Use Comparison 21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)
The subject device and predicate device have identical indications for use statements.

Technological Comparison 21 CFR 807.92(a)(6)
Technological Characteristics: The subject device and predicate device have very similar technological characteristics. The only
difference is a minor modification to the user interface to allow users to contraindicate only the exceptions for whom contraindications
apply, rather than having to proactively assert "not contraindicated" on all patients.

Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions 21 CFR 807.92(b)
Software: Software verification and validation testing were conducted and documentation was provided as recommended by FDA's
Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.”
The software for this device was considered as a moderate level of concern. Testing was conducted to ensure the AHI System works as
designed.

K221203
Page 2 of 2