November 16, 2022

MRlguidance B.V.
℅ Sujith Shetty
Executive Vice President
MAXIS Medical
3031 Tisch Way, Suite 1010
SAN JOSE CA 95128

Re: K221762
    Trade/Device Name: BoneMRI v1.4
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: October 7, 2022
    Received: October 11, 2022

Dear Sujith Shetty:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for

K221762 - Sujith Shetty                                                                Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                          and Radiation Therapy Devices
                             OHT 8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K221762

Device Name
BoneMRI V1.4


Indications for Use (Describe)
BoneMRI is an image processing software that can be used for image enhancement in MRI images. It can be used to
visualize the bone structures in MRI images with enhanced contrast with respect to the surrounding soft tissue. It is to be
used in the pelvic region, which includes the bony anatomy of the sacrum, hip bones and femoral heads; and the lumbar
spine region, which includes the bony anatomy of the vertebrae from L3 to S1. BoneMRI is not to be used for diagnosis or
monitoring of (primary or metastatic) tumors.

Warning: BoneMRI images are not intended to replace CT images.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Traditional 510(k) Notification


                           510(K) SUMMARY

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in
accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CRF 807.92.
510 (k) number: K221762

Applicant Information

  MRIguidance B.V.
  Gildstraat 91a
  3572 EL, Utrecht
  The Netherlands
  info@mriguidance.com
  www.mriguidance.com
  +31 854000810
Contact Person

  Marijn van Stralen
  Chief Technology Officer
  MRIguidance B.V.
  Email: marijn@mriguidance.com
  Tel.: +31 610 505 649
  Date Prepared: December 22, 2021
Official Correspondent

  Dr. Sujith Shetty
  Executive Vice President
  MAXIS LLC
  Email: sjshetty@maxismedical.com
Device Information

  Trade Name:          BoneMRI application
 Common Name:        MRI image enhancement software
  Classification name:      Medical image management and processing
  system (21CRF892.2050)
  Regulatory Class:        Class II
  Product Code:          QIH

                                       Page 1 of 8

Traditional 510(k) Notification


Predicate Device

                    Table 5-1 Predicate Device – BoneMRI v1.2
          Name                 Manufacturer               510(k)#

         BoneMRI v1.2           MRIguidance B.V.           K202404


This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall. No reference devices
were used in this submission.


Device Description

The BoneMRI application is a standalone image processing software application that
analyses 3D gradient echo MRI scans acquired with a dedicated MRI scan protocol.
From the analysis, 3D tomographic radiodensity contrast images, called BoneMRI
images, are constructed.

The BoneMRI images can be used to visualize the bone structures in MR images with
enhanced contrast with respect to the surrounding soft tissue. The application is
designed to be used by imaging experts, such as radiologists or orthopedic surgeons,
typically in a physician’s office.

The BoneMRI application is a server application running in the clinic or hospital
networks. It returns the reconstructed BoneMRI images as DICOM images. The
application uses an algorithm to detect bone images from MRIs obtained using a
specific acquisition sequence. The algorithm training sets included information from
multiple clinical sites, multiple anatomies and multiple scanners to ensure that the
trained algorithm was robust with respect to the approved indications for use. None of
the data used in the training dataset was used subsequently in the validation dataset.


                                       Page 2 of 8

Traditional 510(k) Notification


Indications for Use

BoneMRI is an image processing software that can be used for image enhancement in
MRI images. It can be used to visualize the bone structures in MRI images with
enhanced contrast with respect to the surrounding soft tissue. It is to be used in the
pelvic region, which includes the bony anatomy of the sacrum, hip bones, and femoral
heads; and the lumbar spine region, which includes the bony anatomy of the vertebrae
from L3 to S1. BoneMRI is not to be used for diagnosis or monitoring of (primary or
metastatic) tumors.

Warning: BoneMRI images are not intended to replace CT images.


Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device:

A comparison of the intended use, indication for use, and technological characteristics
of the BoneMRI v1.4 application to the predicate device, BoneMRI v1.2, is presented
below. We have included the attributes suggested in FDA’s website guidance for this
comparison.


A. Intended Use

                   Predicate Device    Subject Device                                             Comment               BoneMRI v1.2     BoneMRI v1.4
 Indications for     BoneMRI is an      BoneMRI is an        Similar –
 Use             image processing    image processing    BoneMRI
                    software that can be  software that can be  v1.4 has an
                 used for image      used for image      expanded
                 enhancement in     enhancement in       indications for
                MRI images. It can   MRI images. It can   use
                 be used to visualize  be used to visualize   including the
                    the bone structures   the bone structures   boney structures
                        in MRI images with    in MRI images with    of the lumbar
                 enhanced contrast   enhanced contrast    spine.
                     with respect to the    with respect to the


                                       Page 3 of 8

Traditional 510(k) Notification


                   Predicate Device    Subject Device                                             Comment               BoneMRI v1.2     BoneMRI v1.4
                    surrounding soft      surrounding soft
                       tissue. It is to be       tissue. It is to be
                 used in the pelvic    used in the pelvic
                      region, which         region, which
                     includes the boney    includes the bony
                 anatomy of the      anatomy of the
                   sacrum, hip bones    sacrum, hip bones
                 and femoral heads.   and femoral heads;
                   Warning: BoneMRI   and the lumbar
                  images are not       spine region, which
                    intended to replace   includes the bony
              CT images and are   anatomy of the
                    not to be used for     vertebrae from L3 to
                    diagnosis or         S1. BoneMRI is not
                    monitoring of          to be used for
                     (primary or           diagnosis or
                     metastatic) tumors.   monitoring of
                                          (primary or
                                            metastatic) tumors.
                                       Warning: BoneMRI
                                    images are not
                                        intended to replace
                             CT images
 21CFR Section    892.2050           892.2050          The same
 Product Code     QIH              QIH              The same
 Target Population   Adults                Adults             The same


B. Technological Characteristics

                   Predicate Device   Subject Device                                            Comment               BoneMRI v1.2     BoneMRI v1.4
 Device Nature     Software package    Software package   The same
 Operating          Linux                Linux            The same
 System
 Data input       MRI images in      MRI images in      The same
              DICOM format     DICOM format


                                       Page 4 of 8

Traditional 510(k) Notification


                  Predicate Device   Subject Device                                           Comment              BoneMRI v1.2     BoneMRI v1.4
Data output      MRI images in      MRI images in      The same
             DICOM format     DICOM format
Processing       MRIguidance       MRIguidance      The same
Algorithms         software             software
                 implements an      implements an
                image             image
                enhancement       enhancement
                   algorithm using      algorithm using
                    convolutional         convolutional
                   neural network.      neural network.
                    Original images are   Original images
                enhanced by        are enhanced by
                  running them        running them
                  through a cascade   through a cascade
                     of filter banks,        of filter banks,
                where thresholding  where thresholding
                and scaling        and scaling
                   operations are       operations are
                    applied. Separate    applied. Separate
                   neural network-      neural networkbased filters are     based filters are
                  obtained to assign   obtained to assign
                a Hounsfield Unit    a Hounsfield Unit
                 (HU) value to a      (HU) value to a
                    single volume        single volume
                  element, based on   element, based on
                      intensity and          intensity and
                    contextual            contextual
                    information. The      information. The
                 parameters of the    parameters of the
                model were        model were
                  obtained through     obtained through
                an algorithm        an algorithm
                 development        development
                      pipeline.               pipeline.
User Interface    None – enhanced   None – enhanced   The same
                images are viewed   images are viewed
                on existing PACS   on existing PACS
                   workstations         workstations


                                     Page 5 of 8

Traditional 510(k) Notification


                   Predicate Device   Subject Device                                            Comment               BoneMRI v1.2     BoneMRI v1.4
 Workflow        The software       The software       The same
                   operates on         operates on
              DICOM files on the  DICOM files on the
                             file system,               file system,
                 enhances the       enhances the
                   images, and stores   images, and stores
                    the enhanced        the enhanced
                 images on the file    images on the file
                   system. The receipt  system. The
                      of original DICOM    receipt of original
                 image files and     DICOM image files
                      delivery of         and delivery of
                 enhanced images   enhanced images
                  as DICOM files      as DICOM files
                 depends on other    depends on other
                    software systems.    software systems.
                 Enhanced images   Enhanced images
                      co-exist with the      co-exist with the
                       original images.       original images.

Performance Data:

Previous performance testing to verify and validate the software of BoneMRI v1.2 for
the pelvic and hip region was submitted and approved under K202404.

BoneMRI conducted the following performance testing:

       1.  Software verification and validation testing

       2.  Studies that utilized retrospective clinical data to demonstrate the software
         enhanced imaging quality in MR images via an enhancement of bone.

     BoneMRI Lumbar spine region – Voxel-by-Voxel analysis

A quantitative voxel-by-voxel validation of BoneMRI was performed on imaging data
from 73 patients. The demographics of the patient population is described in the table
below.

                                       Page 6 of 8

Traditional 510(k) Notification


 Validation data demographics
 Number of patients                 73
 Indications                                     sacroiliitis, degenerative spine and pelvic
                                       diseases, spondylolisthesis, radiculopathy,
                                       spondylosis and spinal fractures
 Gender                              Male: 48%
                                   Female: 52%
 Age                             50 ± 15 years
 Data origin/Ethnicity                 Europe
                                       Asia


The imaging data consists of the BoneMRI and a standard CT of the same patient in the
same anatomical region, acquired during previously conducted clinical investigations.
The validations were conducted by MRIguidance based on an algorithm to detect bone
images from MRIs obtained using a specific acquisition sequence.

Training and test datasets were selected and maintained to be appropriately
independent of one another. All training and validation activities were recorded to
ensure independence. In addition, validation was performed on data from independent
sites (cross-site validation) to ensure that validation was performed on data from
unseen centers.

The objective was to validate the quantitative accuracy of BoneMRI for the lumbar spine
region using rigorous, objective, and unbiased statistical tests comparing bone
morphology, radiodensity, and radiodensity contrast in BoneMRI and CT images.
Therefore, the endpoints of this testing were the metrics that described the accuracy of
3D bone morphology, radiodensity, and radiodensity contrast versus co-registered CT
scans (reference standard) in terms of voxel-by-voxel HUs and standard deviations
around these HU values.

The results from the validation testing were compared to the accuracy acceptance
criteria, specified below, and were found to fall within the pre-specified acceptance
criteria (p<0.05).

                                       Page 7 of 8

Traditional 510(k) Notification


The results demonstrate clinically acceptable accuracy on each of these endpoints.


The data provided demonstrate that BoneMRI application can

        o  accurately reconstruct the 3D bone morphology with a mean absolute
               cortical delineation error below 1.0 mm on average;

        o  accurately reconstructs the tissue radiodensity, with a mean deviation
           below 25 HU on average and a mean deviation below 55 HU specifically
               for bone;

       o  accurately reconstructs the tissue radiodensity contrast, with a mean HU
              correlation coefficient above 0.75 specifically for bone.


CONCLUSION: BoneMRI demonstrates accurate bone morphology, radiodensity, and
radiodensity contrast. Thus, BoneMRI is a useful tool to qualitatively and quantitatively
assess the lumbar spine region.


Conclusions:

BoneMRI v1.4, based on the indications for use, product performance, and clinical
information provided in this notification, has been shown to be substantially equivalent
to the currently marketed predicate device, its predecessor, BoneMRI v1.2. The two
devices have the same technological characteristics: both algorithms use the same
image-based reconstruction, and both methods have optimized parameters to ensure
the robustness of the algorithm. This 510(k) submission includes information on the
BoneMRI v1.4 technological characteristics, as well as performance data and
verification and validation activities demonstrating that BoneMRI is as safe and effective
as the predicate. This evaluation did not raise any new issues pertaining to safety or
effectiveness.


                                       Page 8 of 8