October 5, 2022
PacificMD Biotech Llc
℅ David Locke
Regulatory Consultant
Canyon Labs
6217 South Bringhurst Blvd, Suite 600
Bluffdale, Utah 84065


Re: K221892
    Trade/Device Name: VISIONAIR
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 868.1800
    Regulation Name: Rhinoanemometer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: BXQ, EOB
    Dated: September 3, 2022
    Received: September 7, 2022

Dear David Locke:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K221892 - David Locke                                                                Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,

                        Joyce C. Lin -S


                                              for Shu-Chen Peng, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT1B: Division of Dental and ENT Devices
                                  OHT1: Office of Ophthalmic, Anesthesia,
                                                  Respiratory, ENT and Dental Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K221892

Device Name
VISIONAIR™


Indications for Use (Describe)

The VISIONAIR™ system is a software application intended to be used with third-party endoscopic systems in the
measurement of the nasal respiratory airway. The VISIONAIR™ system measures the nasal respiratory airway from the
endoscopic images taken in the region of the internal nasal valve (INV) and nasal cavum (NC).


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K221892

                     510(K) SUMMARY


[807.92(a)(1)] Submitter Information

Applicant:                PacificMD Biotech
                         3195 Saint Rose Pkwy
                              Suite 210
                           Henderson, NV, 89052
                                 Tel.: 201-819-8685
                            Fax: 702-780-6912

Contact Person:                         David Locke
                            Regulatory Consultant
                        Canyon Labs
                         16217 South Bringhurst Blvd.,
                              Suite 600 Bluffdale, UT 84065
                          David.locke@canyonlabs.com

Authored by:             David Locke
                            Regulatory Consultant
                        Canyon Labs
                           Phone: 419-233-2611


Date Summary             October 4, 2022
Prepared:

[807.92(a)(2)] Name of Device

Device Trade Name:      VISIONAIR™
Device Common Name:    VISIONAIR™
Classification Name:       Rhinoanemometer (Measurement of Nasal Decongestion)
Regulation Number:       868.1800
Device Classification:       Class II
Product Code:         BXQ
Secondary Code:       EOB
Primary Review Panel:     Anesthesia

[807.92(a)(3)] Legally Marketed Devices

Primary Predicate        Eccovision™ System (K170071)
Device:
                         Smith & Nephew Image Video System (K970247)Reference Device:


[807.92(a)(4)] Device Description
Device Description:                     The VISIONAIR™ software can be utilized to automatically
                       measure the cross-section area of the Internal Nasal Valve (INV)
                       and Nasal Cavum (NV) and measure the nasal respiratory airway in
                               this region of the anatomy.

                     The VISIONAIR™ system consists of the following components:
                                 - The VISIONAIR™ algorithm which performs the Internal Nasal
                       Valve and Nasal Cavum cross-section area segmentations.
                                 - The VISIONAIR™ Graphical User Interface (GUI) used for
                           data entry, view the endoscopic image from third party endoscopes
                       and display the data analysis to the user.
                                 - A smart device such as tablet or laptop which runs on Windows
                      10 or a later operating system with the VISIONAIR™ application
                              installed.
                                 - A cloud service that runs in the background and can be activated
                      by the user when a particular dataset for a case is desired to securely
                       and anonymously be stored to the Cloud Server (REAl).
                                 - USB memory used to encrypt and anonymize the patient
                           information, whether the data is stored locally or to the cloud, and
                             stores the credits needed to activate the VISIONAIR™ software for
                        each case.

                     The VISIONAIR™ application interfaces with third-party
                         endoscopic systems via the ports located on the smart device. The
                         smart device ports enable the third-party systems endoscopic video
                           display to be streamed on the VISIONAIR™ application
                         endoscopic video display. In this 510(k) submission, a FDAcleared endoscope (K970247) was selected as the reference device
                            to support the scientific methodology.

                     The VISIONAIR™ application automatically analyzes the
                         endoscopic images using its trained AI algorithm to measure the
                           nasal valve and nasal cavum surface areas. The VISIONAIR™
                           application also provides a database file system to manage the data
                       and interface securely and anonymously with the cloud server via
                           the REAl module.

The USB KEY adds another level of security for the data
                      management file system by allowing the user to physically have
                          possession of the database encryption key all the time.

                           In addition, the segmented cross-section areas by the
                  VISIONAIR™ application, of the internal nasal valve and nasal
                     cavum on the endoscopic images are captured on a report which
                            consists of quantitative and qualitative information related to the
                         assessment of the nasal respiratory airway.
                     The VISIONAIR™ application manages the data by creating for
                        each patient a directory with a unique encrypted ID where the
                             patient endoscopic anatomical images and videos are stored
                        anonymously. The smart device and USB KEY both consist of
                          encryption keys which are used to translate unique IDs to patient
                          information and vice versa. The database, whether stored locally on
                           the smart device, or to the cloud via the REAl module, never stores
                       any of the patient’s information without encrypting them. The only
                             patient information captured during the procedure, which is
                         encrypted using the VISIONAIR™ application, are the patient’s
                       name, patient Date of Birth (DOB) and optionally their ethnicity,
                       which is used to compare the measured results of the patient against
                           the normative published data of the nasal respiratory airway and
                       apex angle measurements.


[807.92(a)(5)] Intended Use and Predicate Device Comparison

Indications for Use:     The VISIONAIR™ system is a software application intended to be
                        used with third-party endoscopic systems in the measurement of the
                           nasal respiratory airway. The VISIONAIR™ system measures the
                           nasal respiratory airway from the endoscopic images taken in the
                          region of the internal nasal valve (INV) and nasal cavum (NC).


[807.92(a)(6)] Technical Characteristics
System Characteristics:                     The VISIONAIR™ application comes installed into a windowsbased operating system smart device. The HDMI and USB ports of
                           the smart device can be utilized to connect the external third-party
                         endoscopic system to the VISIONAIR™ application. The user can
                         use the HDMI, DISPLAY or DVI output port from the third-party
                         endoscopic system, to connect it to the USB port of the smart
                           device. A standard adapter to convert the output of the endoscopic
                        system to the USB port may be utilized and is provided with the
                         smart device.

The smart device which comes with the VISIONAIR™ software
                             installed is programmed with an encryption key to encode and
                       anonymize the data acquired. In addition, a separate USB KEY is
                         provided which adds a second layer of encryption for the database.
                     The USB KEY is plugged into the smart device prior to starting the
                  VISIONAIR™ application otherwise the data will remain on its
                          encryption and anonymized state, resulting on the VISIONAIR™
                           application not being able to read the data.

                       Once, the smart device, the third-party endoscopic system and the
                 USB KEY are connected, the user is ready to start the
                  VISIONAIR™ application. The VISIONAIR™ application can be
                        used pre-, during, or post- procedure to measure the cross section of
                           the internal nasal valve and nasal cavum to measure the nasal
                            respiratory airway. In addition, the application will store the data
                            locally or to the cloud, depending on the clinician’s preference in a
                          secure manner so the clinician can access them at any time by using
                           the dedicated smart device and the USB KEY.
                            Prior to each use of the VISIONAIR™ application, credits are
                           required for the VISIONAIR™ application to be used for image
                           analysis and processing. A USB TOKEN can be plugged into the
                         smart device and used until the credits are fully used.
Non-clinical                     The VISIONAIR™ system was tested to ensure that it functions in
Performance Data:                         accordance with the device design specifications related to
                            substantial equivalence in terms of device safety and effectiveness.
                     The following nonclinical tests were performed:

                                  1.  System Level Test: Confirmation of system components
                               such as Windows OS, processor, RAM requirements, ports,
                                  wireless connectivity, and other items required to operate the
                       VISIONAIR™ application.
                                  2.  System Interface and Connectivity Test: Confirmation of the
                       VISIONAIR™ application to the USB device containing the
                                cloud key and application credits and system connections to
                                  other devices.
                                  3. VISIONAIR™ Application Test: VISIONAIR™
                                  connectivity to external endoscopes, cloud server, successful
                                  launch, and other interaction tests of the VISIONAIR™
                                    application.
                                  4.  Patient Database Verification Test: Confirmation of the data
                                     stored, anatomical marking, and successful
                                 encryption/decryption of the database verification.
                                  5.  Endoscopic Display Test: Endoscopic view verification of
                                   the image capture, video recording and other functions.
                                  6.  Nasal respiratory airway Analysis Test: VISIONAIR™ AI
                                   application confirmation of successful segmentation of the
                                    Internal Nasal Valve and Nasal Cavum. This test also

verifies the ability of manipulating images, loading new
   images, removing unwanted images and other functions
    related to the analysis phase.
7.  Report Generation Test: Confirmation of successful report
    generation in pdf, csv, and other formats.
8.  User Validation Test: Validation of the entire
  VISIONAIR™ system by the clinicians. This test includes
    successful verification of all the features of the
  VISIONAIR™ application which the user will have access
   and visibility.
9. CT vs Segmentation Accuracy Test: Comparison of
   endoscopic image cross-sectional areas which were
   segmented by the VISIONAIR™ application vs. the crosssectional areas of the same anatomical regions marked on
    the CT scans.
10. VISIONAIR™ AI Segmentation Accuracy Test:
   Comparison of segmented endoscopic images by the
  VISIONAIR™ application vs. segmented endoscopic
   images by experienced clinicians.

Substantial Equivalence Table


                     Primary Predicate          Subject Device:      Substantial Equivalence      Attribute
                        Device (K170071):        VISIONAIR™              Rationale
                       Eccovision™


     510(k) number           K170071              K221892               N/A
                              Sleep Group
     Manufacturer              Solutions            PacificMD Biotech            N/A


     Trade Name           Eccovision™         VISIONAIR™             N/A


   Common Name         Eccovision™         VISIONAIR™             N/A

        Class                            II                                 II                   Same

      Classification                         BXQ
     Product Code         BXQ              EOB                  Same

      Subsequent
     Product Code             868.1800                868.1800                Same

       Sterilization              Non-sterile                 Non-sterile               Same

      Packaging          Provided non-sterile       Provided non-sterile            Same

   Single Patient Use          No                No                  Same
                                                              The IFU and Indications
                                        The VISIONAIR™         of the subject
                                              system is a software      VISIONAIR™ System is
                                                    application intended to be   aligned with the predicate
                   The Eccovision™ is       used with third-party        devices. The change in
                       intended to measure the    endoscopic systems in the   the manner in which data
Indications for Use     upper respiratory airway   measurement of the nasal    is captured and processed
                   by acoustic reflection.      respiratory airway. The     does not bring about any
                                  VISIONAIR™ system    new concerns with respect
                                             measures the nasal           to substantial equivalence,
                                                      respiratory airway from    and the safety and
                                                   the endoscopic images      effectiveness of the
                                                 taken in the region of the    subject device is
                                                       internal nasal valve (INV)   supported by completed
                                            and nasal cavum (NC).     device testing.
                                                                    These are different but the
   System Function      Both mouthpiece or                                                   Applicable FDA         differences do not raise   to Capture Data        nose tip via the Wave                                                       cleared endoscopes.     any new concerns with
                        Tube.                                                respect to safety and
                                                                                    effectiveness.

Primary Predicate          Subject Device:      Substantial Equivalence   Attribute
                     Device (K170071):        VISIONAIR™              Rationale
                    Eccovision™

Computer
Requirements:     A customer owned                                      Windows 10 or later    Same with the onlyHardware and         computer with the                                                  operating system (OS)   exception being systemSoftware              Eccovision software                                             computer is provided     version.(Operating              application loaded by                                          by PacificMD Biotech.System, device         the customer.
application
software)

                      Provided hardware                                      Windows 10 or later    Same with the only                    which connects to the                                                  operating system (OS)   exception being system                      computer.                                             computer is provided     version.Control Unit -         Modified with the                                                with theHardware              redesign of the PCB                                VISIONAIR™                          (Print Circuit Board)                                                    application installed                        configuration.                                            and tested prior to its
                                                     release to the market.
                                                                  These are different but the
                      Supporting the                                             Endoscopic System –    differences do not raiseElectronic            Pharyngometer and                                             Connects to the         any new concerns withPlatform -             connects to the                                      Windows 10 computer   respect to safety andHardware             Control Unit.                                                    via the USB port.         effectiveness.
                                      Windows based GUI   Same as compared to
Application         Windows with GUI       and AI written in        applicable devices.
Software                                     Python 3.6 language.
(Language)

Primary Predicate          Subject Device:      Substantial Equivalence   Attribute
                     Device (K170071):        VISIONAIR™              Rationale
                    Eccovision™


                                        The VISIONAIR™
                                              system uses the
                                               endoscopic image,
                                           which is created from
                   The Eccovision             light reflection
                       device uses acoustic       technology, to         The technological
                          reflection technology       accurately map the       characteristics have been
                         to accurately map the       size and structure of      tested through nonclinical
                         size and structure of        the nasal                  testing and they do notTechnological                        the nasal airway.           airway. Light is sent    impact substantialCharacteristics /                   Sound waves are sent     up the nasal             equivalence. Moreover,Principles of                   up the nasal              passageway and         the minor technologicalOperation                     passageway and are         reflected to accurately    differences do not raise
                         reflected back to        map out the            any new concerns with
                        accurately map out        topography of the        respect to safety and
                        the topography of the      nasal airway. Each       effectiveness.
                        nasal airway.               pixel brightness
                                                 correspondents to how
                                      much light is being
                                                      reflected thus
                                                determining the
                                                proximity of the tissue
                                                        relative to the
                                               endoscopic optics and
                                                    ultimately result on a
                                        2-D image that maps
                                                   the size and structure
                                                  of the nasal anatomy.

Conclusion:             The VISIONAIR™ device is substantially equivalent to
                             the predicate device in indication for use, performance,
                            technology, features, principles operation and
                          components.