Quantib BV                                              May 13, 2022
℅ Arnault Massink
Quality & Regulatory Manager
Westblaak 106
3012 KM Rotterdam, Zuid-Holland
NETHERLANDS

Re: K221106
    Trade/Device Name: Quantib Prostate (version 2.0)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: April 4, 2022
    Received: April 15, 2022

Dear Arnault Massink:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K221106 - Arnault Massink                                                             Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                        For
                                              Thalia T. Mills, Ph.D.
                                             Division Director
                                 DHT8B: Imaging Devices and
                                                Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K221106
Device Name
Quantib Prostate (version 2.0)
Indications for Use (Describe)
Quantib Prostate is image post-processing software that provides the user with processing,
visualization, and editing of prostate MRI images. The software facilitates the analysis and study
review of MR data sets and provides additional mathematical and/or statistical analysis. The
resulting analysis can be displayed in a variety of formats, including images overlaid onto
source MRI images.
Quantib Prostate functionality includes registered multiparametric-MRI viewing, with the option to
view images combined into a single image to support visualization. The software can be used
for semi-automatic segmentation of anatomical structures and provides volume computations,
together with tools for manual editing. PI-RADS scoring is possible using a structured workflow.
Quantib Prostate is intended to be used by trained medical professionals and provides
information that, in a clinical setting, may assist in the interpretation of prostate MR studies.
Diagnosis should not be made solely based on the analysis performed using Quantib Prostate.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K221106

Quantib Prostate 2.0
Special 510(k)
Summary


1  SUBMITTER

Quantib B.V.

Westblaak 106
3012 KM Rotterdam

Phone: (+31) 108 41 17 49
Contact Person: Floor van Leeuwen
Date Prepared: April 4th, 2022

2  DEVICE

Name of Device: Quantib Prostate  - version 2.0
Common or Usual Name: Quantib Prostate

Classification Name: System, image processing, radiology (892.2050)
Regulatory Class: II

Product Code: Medical image management and processing system (former Picture archiving
and communication system) - LLZ

3  PREDICATE DEVICE

Device: Quantib Prostate – version 1.0
Manufacturer: Quantib B.V.

510(k) Reg. No: K202501
This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.

Classification Name: System, image processing, radiology (892.2050)

Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: Medical image management and processing system (former Picture archiving
and communication system) - LLZ

4  DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Quantib Prostate is an extension to the Quantib AI Node software platform and enables analysis
of prostate MRI scans. Quantib Prostate makes use of Quantib AI Node functionality, and
includes the following specific Quantib Prostate modules:


                                                                                 05-01-1

•  An automatic processing module that performs prostate and prostate sub-region
       segmentation and multi-parametric MRI image registration and computation of a
        biparametric combination image.
    •  A user-interaction module in which the user can edit and approve the computed
        prostate segmentation and determine PSA density.
    •  A user-interaction module in which the user can view multi-parametric MRI images,
       segment and analyze potential lesions and set and view PI-RADS properties. This
      module also shows the prostatic sub-region segmentation and biparametric combination
      image overlay.
    •  An automatic processing module that collects all results, and creates the report and
     DICOM output so that they can be exported back to the user.


5   INDICATIONS FOR USE

Quantib Prostate – version 1.0 and version 2.0
Quantib Prostate is image post-processing software that provides the user with processing,
visualization, and editing of prostate MRI images. The software facilitates the analysis and study
review of MR data sets and provides additional mathematical and/or statistical analysis. The
resulting analysis can be displayed in a variety of formats, including images overlaid onto
source MRI images.

Quantib Prostate functionality includes registered multiparametric-MRI viewing, with the option to
view images combined into a single image to support visualization. The software can be used
for semi-automatic segmentation of anatomical structures and provides volume computations,
together with tools for manual editing. PI-RADS scoring is possible using a structured workflow.

Quantib Prostate is intended to be used by trained medical professionals and provides
information that, in a clinical setting, may assist in the interpretation of prostate MR studies.
Diagnosis should not be made solely based on the analysis performed using Quantib Prostate.

Indications for use comparison

The intended use of the device is equivalent to the intended use of the previously cleared
predicate device [K202501]

6  DEVICE MODIFICATIONS

Quantib Prostate 2.0 is the first update of Quantib Prostate 1.0 that includes a substantial
change. The substantial changes are the following:

   1.  Division of prostate segmentation into prostatic sub-regions
       The semi-automatic prostate segmentation is extended with an algorithm to divide the
        prostate segmentation into sub-regions (central gland, peripheral zone, and urethra),
        without impacting the original prostate segmentation. The segmentations are displayed
         in the mpMRI analysis user interaction step and can be exported as a secondary
       capture series that also includes the ROI segmentations. Internal boundaries of subregions cannot be edited, but user edits of the outer prostate segmentation are reflected
         in the sub-region outer boundaries. Individual volumes of sub-regions are not provided.


                                                                                 05-01-2

2.  Initialization of ROI location on PI-RADS sector map
        For an annotated ROI the location on the PI-RADS sector map is now initialized with a
        cross, based on the sub-region segmentation input when the PI-RADS scoring window
          is opened. Inspecting, editing and confirming the location should be done manually.

7  COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The following technological characteristics are the same for Quantib Prostate 2.0 and its
predicate device Quantib Prostate 1.0:

    •   Indications for use
    •   Target users, anatomical site, and use environment
    •  Human factors
    •   Reported measures
    •   Design control activities and recognized standards
    •   Required input, reported measures
    •  Deployment and compatibility with environment and other devices

The following technological characteristics are different:

    •   Software Design: addition of ROI localization initiation on PI-RADS sector map.
    •   Algorithm design and performance: prostate sub-region segmentation added as
       segmentation output.
    •  Output formats: additionally presented in a PDF report, DICOM RT structure set and
     DICOM segmentation storage.


 7.1  QUALITY AND SAFETY
Quantib Prostate 2.0 is designed in compliance with the following process standards:
    •  ISO 14971 – Medical devices - Application of risk management to medical devices
    •   IEC 62304 – Medical device software – Software life cycle processes
    •   IEC 62366-1 – Medical devices – part 1 - Application of usability engineering to medical
       devices


The following quality assurance measures were applied to Quantib Prostate 2.0 development:
    •   Risk and hazard analysis
    •   Design and code reviews
    •   Software verification & validation activities
    •   Performance testing
    •   Usability engineering
    •   Cybersecurity and vulnerability analysis


 7.2  PERFORMANCE DATA
The prostate segmentation algorithm and performance are unchanged. For the sub-region
segmentation and ROI localization initiation the following performance tests are added:


                                                                                 05-01-3

Non-clinical performance testing:

Bench testing of the software was done to show that the system is suitable for its intended use
and to evaluate the stand-alone performance of the sub-region segmentation algorithm. This
was done by comparing the automatic sub-region segmentation to a ground truth and
calculating the Dice overlap and Mean Surface Distance. To place the agreement between the
automatic method and the manual segmentation into context, the results are compared with the
inter-observer measurements using statistical tests. Bench testing did not reveal any issues with
the system, demonstrating that the modified device is as safe and effective as the predicate
device.

Clinical performance:

The clinical performance test of the sub-region prostate segmentation and the ROI localization
initiation as seen by the user in a clinical context is conducted in a qualitative manner.
Radiologists were asked to score the sub-region segmentations and ROI initial localizations
using a 5-point Likert scale. It is concluded that sub-regions and ROI localizations are judged to
be of high quality.

8  CONCLUSIONS

By virtue of its intended use and physical and technological characteristics, Quantib Prostate
2.0 is substantially equivalent to a device that has been approved for marketing in the United
States. The performance data show that Quantib Prostate 2.0 is as safe and effective as the
predicate device.


                                                                                 05-01-4