Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                             May 17, 2022
℅ Monsuru Bello
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
810 Innovation Drive
KNOXVILLE TN 37932

Re: K221219
    Trade/Device Name: syngo.CT CaScoring
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed tomography x-ray system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: April 25, 2022
    Received: April 27, 2022

Dear Monsuru Bello:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K221219 - Monsuru Bello                                                              Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                 For
                                             Laurel Burk, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                             DHT 8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                            Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K221219
Device Name
syngo.CT CaScoring
Indications for Use (Describe)
syngo.CT CaScoring is an image analysis software package for evaluating CT data sets. The software is designed to
support the physician in evaluating and documenting calcified coronary lesions, using standard or low-dose spiral or
sequential CT scanning data sets. After loading noncontrasted cardiac CT images, syngo.CT CaScoring can be used to
mark calcified coronary lesions and to allocate each lesion to one of several coronary arteries, that is, the right coronary
artery (RCA), the left main coronary artery (LM), the left anterior descending artery (LAD), and the left circumflex artery
(CX). syngo.CT CaScoring calculates the Agatston equivalent score, the mass score and the volume score of each
coronary artery as well as the corresponding total scores across all coronary arteries. syngo.CT CaScoring allows the user
to create a paper report including the calcium scoring data, any userdocumented images, cited literature and additional
relevant information.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K221219 -510(k) Summary


                    510(k) Summary

I.    Identification of the Submitter

Importer/Distributor
Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
40 Liberty Boulevard
Malvern, PA 19355
Establishment Registration Number
2240869


Manufacturing Site
Siemens Healthcare GmbH
Siemensstr 1
D-91301 Forchheim, Germany

Establishment Registration Number
3004977335

 Submitter Contact Person:                        Alternate Contact:
 Monsuru K Bello                                   Alaine Medio
 Regulatory Affairs Specialist                        Regulatory Affairs Manager
 Siemens Medical Solutions, Inc. USA               Siemens Medical Solutions, Inc. USA (MI)
 810 Innovation Drive                            810 Innovation Drive
 Knoxville, TN 37932                                 Knoxville, TN 37932
 Phone: +1 (202) 856-6099                          Phone: +1 (865) 206-0337
 Email: Monsuru.bello@siemens-healthineers.com     Email: alaine.medio@siemens-healthineers.com


II.   Device Name and Classification

Product Name:         syngo.CT CaScoring
Propriety Trade Name:  syngo.CT CaScoring
Classification Name:    Computed Tomography X-ray System
Classification Panel:    Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.1750
Device Class:           Class II
Product Code:        JAK

III.  Predicate Device

Trade Name:          syngo.CT CaScoring
510(k) Number:       K201034
Clearance Date:         05/14/2020
Classification Name:    Computed Tomography X-ray System
Classification Panel:    Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.1750
Device Class:           Class II
Product Code:       JAK


                                                                                                1 of 5

K221219 -510(k) Summary


IV.  Device Description

The post-processing application syngo.CT CaScoring SOMARIS/8 VB70 is designed to support the
physician in evaluating and documenting calcified coronary lesions. After loading non-contrasted
cardiac CT images, syngo.CT CaScoring can be used to interactively mark calcified coronary lesions
and to allocate each lesion to one of several coronary arteries, that is, the right coronary artery (RCA),
the left main coronary artery (LM), the left anterior descending artery (LAD), and the left circumflex
artery (CX). syngo.CT CaScoring calculates the Agatston-equivalent score, the mass score and the
volume score of each coronary artery as well as the corresponding total scores across all coronary
arteries. syngo.CT CaScoring allows the user to create a paper report including the calcium scoring
data, any user-documented images, cited literature and additional relevant information.

For the current software version SOMARIS/8 VB70 one major and one minor change have been
implemented:

       Since the last 510(k) clearance of the predicate device (syngo.CT Calcium Scoring
      SOMARIS/8 VB50, K201034, clearance date 05/14/2020) the algorithm to precompute the
       calcium score has been enhanced. In the subject device, the CaScoring algorithm was retrained on a larger database.
       This version contains UI (user-interface) modifications.


V.   Indications for Use

syngo.CT CaScoring is an image analysis software package for evaluating CT data sets.

The software is designed to support the physician in evaluating and documenting calcified coronary
lesions, using standard or low-dose spiral or sequential CT scanning data sets. After loading
noncontrasted cardiac CT images, syngo.CT CaScoring can be used to mark calcified coronary lesions
and to allocate each lesion to one of several coronary arteries, that is, the right coronary artery (RCA),
the left main coronary artery (LM), the left anterior descending artery (LAD), and the left circumflex
artery (CX).

syngo.CT CaScoring calculates the Agatston equivalent score, the mass score and the volume score of
each coronary artery as well as the corresponding total scores across all coronary arteries. syngo.CT
CaScoring allows the user to create a paper report including the calcium scoring data, any userdocumented images, cited literature and additional relevant information.


                                                                                                2 of 5

K221219 -510(k) Summary


VI.  Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

The differences and similarities between the above referenced predicate device are listed at a highlevel in the following table:

 Feature                         Subject Device                      Predicate Devices

                               syngo.CT CaScoring                syngo.CT CaScoring
                            (SOMARIS/8 VB70)              (SOMARIS/8 VB50)

 Modality                  CT                       CT

 Loading of a series of            Yes                            Yes
 appropriate CT from the patient
 database

 Body Part                        Heart / Chest                        Heart / Chest

 Acquisition Part                ECG-gated / ECG-triggered          ECG-gated / ECG-triggered

 Automated Calcium Scoring       Assignment of a probability of a      Assignment of a probability of a candidate
 Evaluation                        candidate being a coronary            being a coronary calcification based on
                                        calcification based on location          location within the heart, density, shape and
                                    within the heart, density, shape and     similar properties: if the probability of a
                                       similar properties: if the probability    candidate is higher than a predefined
                                     of a candidate is higher than a          threshold, the candidate is labelled as a
                                    predefined threshold, the candidate     calcification.
                                              is labelled as a calcification.         Each calcification is labeled according to one
                               Each calcification is labeled            of four coronary arteries it most probably
                                   according to one of four coronary      belongs to.
                                          arteries it most probably belongs to.    In addition, results of the evaluation can be
                                     In addition, results of the evaluation    sent via Rapid Results Technology to any
                                 can be sent via Rapid Results          generic DICOM viewer.
                                Technology to any generic DICOM
                                    viewer.

                             Comparison to the predicate
                                    device:

                              The algorithm was re-trained on a
                                       larger database.
                     A configuration option was added so
                                      the user can disable the automated
                                  calcium scoring evaluation.

 Browsing, selecting, and         Yes                            Yes
 displaying images for searching
 calcium regions/lesions

  Interactive definition of ROIs and   Yes                            Yes
 assignment of the four major
 coronary arteries (LM, LAD,CRC
 and RCA) to the lesions

 Automatic definition of ROIs and   Yes                            Yes
 assignment of a generic calcium
  label to the lesions

 Calculation and display of the      Agatston, volume and mass scores     Agatston, volume and mass scores
 2D-Agatston score/factor or
 other metric on the defined ROIs

  Interactive definition of ROIs (for   Yes                            Yes
 example noise) to disqualify the
 region from participation in the
 score

 Displaying the score in form of    Yes                            Yes
  result tables/reports on paper
 and/or film


                                                                                                3 of 5

K221219 -510(k) Summary


 Feature                         Subject Device                      Predicate Devices

                               syngo.CT CaScoring                syngo.CT CaScoring
                            (SOMARIS/8 VB70)              (SOMARIS/8 VB50)

 Pan and Zoom                 Yes                            Yes
 functionality/windowing

 Reformatting                  Yes                            Yes

 Comparison of Score to Cited      Yes                            Yes
 Literature (including calculation
  of coronary age)

 User Interface                     syngo.via GUI                        syngo.via GUI


 Archiving/Storing              CD-R, film, DVD, USB, Network     CD-R, film, DVD, USB, Network

 Hardware                   As specified by syngo.via          As specified by syngo.via

 Communication             DICOM compatible            DICOM compatible


The subject device syngo.CT CaScoring does not have changes in fundamental scientific technology
compared to the predicate device. The post-processing software functionality remains unchanged from
the subject device and the predicate device. The operating principle and the scientific technology are
the same; therefore, Siemens believes that syngo.CT CaScoring application is substantially equivalent
to the predicate device. The major change in this software version is that the Automated Calcium
Scoring Evaluation algorithm has been re-trained on a larger database.

VII. Performance Data

The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence
determination.

Non-Clinical Testing
This submission contains performance tests (Non-clincal test reports) to demonstrate continued
conformance with special controls for medical devices containing software. Non-clinical tests
(integration and functional) were conducted for syngo.CT CaScoring during product development.
These tests have been performed to test the ability of the included features of the subject device. The
results of these tests demonstrate that the subject device performs as intended. The result of all
conducted testing was found acceptable to support the claim of substantial equivalence.

Performance Evaluation of the Algorithm
Since the automatic scoring algorithm was retrained on re-annotated data, a complete performance
evaluation (bench test) of the algorithm has been conducted additionally. The algorithm was
successfully executed on all testing datasets. No data has been excluded from the analysis. The
summary of the bench test is that an adequate and acceptable performance of the automatic scoring
algorithm was found for the total Agatston-equivalent score and the classification into the
corresponding Agatston score categories, which are the aspects of calcium scoring that have a wellestablished impact on management recommendations. All pre-specified acceptability criteria were
passed.

Risk Analysis
The risk analysis was completed, and risk control implemented to mitigate identified hazards. The
testing results support that all the software specifications have met the acceptance criteria. Testing for
verification and validation of the device was found acceptable to support the claims of substantial
equivalence.


                                                                                                4 of 5

K221219 -510(k) Summary


Siemens hereby certifies that syngo.CT CaScoring will meet the following voluntary standards
covering electrical and mechanical safety listed below, prior to introduction into interstate commerce:


                                                                                          Standards
   Recognition      Product                                                Date of
                                                    Title of Standard                              Development
    Number        Area                                                   Recognition
                                                                                           Organization

                                     Digital Imaging and Communications in
 12-300           Radiology                                                   06/27/2016      NEMA
                               Medicine (DICOM) Set; PS 3.1 – 3.20

                               Medical Device Software –Software Life Cycle                AAMI, ANSI,
 13-79            Software                                                     01/14/2019
                                   Processes; 62304:2015-06 (Edition 1.1)                           IEC

                               Medical devices – Application of risk
                   Software/
 5-125                       management to medical devices; 14971 Third       12/23/2019         ISO
                    Informatics
                                   Edition 2019-12

                               Medical devices - Part 1: Application of
                  General I
 5-129                              usability engineering to medical devices           07/06/2020    ANSI, AAMI, IEC
               (QS/RM)
                           IEC 62366-1:2015 +AMD1:2020

                               Medical devices - Symbols to be used with
                  General I      medical device labels, labelling, and
 5-117                                                                         8/21/2017         ISO
               (QS/RM)      information to be supplied - Part 1: General
                                  requirements 15223-1:2016


VIII. Conclusion

syngo.CT CaScoring has the same intended use and same indication for use as the predicate device.
The technological characteristics such as evaluation and documentation of calcified coronary lesions
are the same as the predicate device. The result of all testing conducted was found acceptable to
support the claim of substantial equivalence. The comparison of technological characteristics, nonclinical performance data, and software validation demonstrates that the subject device is as safe and
effective when compared to the predicate device that is currently marketed for the same intended use.
For the subject device, syngo.CT CaScoring, Siemens used the same testing with the same workflows
as used to clear the predicate device. Siemens considers syngo.CT CaScoring to be as safe, as effective
and with performance substantially equivalent to the commercially available predicate device.


                                                                                                5 of 5