March 1, 2023

GE Healthcare
℅ George Mashour
Regulatory Affairs Manager
4 Hayozma Street
Tirat Hacarmel, 30200
ISRAEL

Re: K221680
    Trade/Device Name:  Xeleris V Processing and Review System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: January 26, 2023
    Received: January 27, 2023

Dear George Mashour:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K221680 - George Mashour                                                            Page 2


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                          and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                  Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                         See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

510(k) Number  (if known)
K221680
Device Name
Xeleris V Processing and Review System


Indications for Use  (Describe)


FORM FDA 3881 (6120)                             Page  1 3                                                         PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740

The system is intended for use by Nuclear Medicine (NM) or Radiology practitioners and referring physicians for
display, processing, archiving, printing, reporting and networking of NMI data, including planar scans (Static, Whole
Body, Dynamic, Multi-Gated) and tomographic scans (SPECT, Gated SPECT, dedicated PET or Camera-Based-PET)
acquired by gamma cameras or PET scanners. The system can run on dedicated workstation or in a server-client
configuration.

The NM or PET data can be coupled with registered and/or fused CT or MR scans, and with physiological signals in
order to depict, localize, and/or quantify the distribution of radionuclide tracers and anatomical structures in scanned
body tissue for clinical diagnostic purposes.

The DaTQUANT optional application enables visual evaluation and quantification of 1231-ioflupane (DaTscanTM)
images. DaTQUANT Normal Database option enables quantification relative to normal population databases of
1231-ioflupane (DaTscanTM) images. These applications may assist in detection of loss of functional dopaminergic
neuron terminals in the striatum, which is correlated with Parkinson disease.

The Q.Lung Al application may aid physicians in:
-Diagnosis of Pulmonary Embolism (PE), Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD), Emphysema and other lung
deficiencies.
-Assess the fraction of total lung function provided by a lobe or whole lung for Lung cancer resection requiring removal
of an entire lobe, bilobectomy, or pneumonectomy.

The Q.Brain application allows the user to visualize and quantify relative changes in the brain's metabolic function or
blood flow activity between a subject's images and controls, which may be resulting from brain function alterations in:
-Epileptic seizures
-Dementia. Such as Alzheimer's disease, Lewy body dementia, Parkinson's disease with dementia, vascular dementia,
and frontotemporal dementia.
-Inflammation
-Brain death
-Cerebrovascular disease such as Acute stroke, Chronic and acute ischemia
-Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI)
When integrated with the patient's clinical and diagnostic information, Q.Brain application may aid the physician in the
interpretation of cognitive complaints, neuro-degenerative disease processes and brain injuries.

The Alcyone CFR application allows for the quantification of coronary vascular function by deriving Myocardial Blood
Flow (MBF) and then calculating Coronary Flow Reserve (CFR) indices on data acquired on PET scanners and on
stationary SPECT scanners with the capacity for dynamic SPECT imaging. These indices may add information to
physicians using Myocardial Perfusion Imaging for the diagnosis of Coronary Artery Disease (CAD).

The Exini Bone application is intended to be used with NM bone scans for the evaluation of adult male patients with
bone metastases from prostate cancer. Exini Bone quantifies the selected lesions and provides a Bone Scan Index value
as adjunct information related to the progression of disease.

The Q.Liver application provides processing, quantification, and multidimensional review of Liver SPECT/PET and CT
images for display, segmentation, and a calculation of the SPECT 'liver to lung' shunt value and the patient's Body
Surface Area (BSA) for use in calculating a therapeutic dose for Selective Internal Radiation Therapy (SIRT) treatment
using a user defined formula.

The Q.Thera Al application allows physicians review and monitor patient radiation doses derived from nuclear medicine
imaging data, including SPECT/CT, PET/CT, and Whole-body Planar images, and from biological samples from the
patient. The application provides estimates of isotope residence time, absorbed dose, and equivalent dose at the whole
organ level, as well as estimates of whole-body effective dose. The output from Q.Thera Al may aid physicians in
monitoring patient radiation doses.
For use with internally administered radioactive products. Q.Thera Al should not be used to deviate from approved
product dosing and administration instructions. Refer to the product's prescribing information for instructions.


FORM FDA 3881 (6120)                             Page  1 3                                                       PSC Publishing Servie  (301) 443-6740

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                        Fj   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)     F  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."


FORM FDA 3881 (6120)                             Page  1 3                                                       PSC Publishing Servie  (301) 443-6740

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

                                                              K221680
                     510(k) SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVNESS

This 510(k) summary of Safety and Effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the
requirement of 21 CFR Part 807.87(h):

  Date:                    June 8, 2022
  Submitter:             GE Medical Systems Israel, Functional Imaging (GE Healthcare)
                         4 Hayozma Street
                                 Tirat Hacarmel, 30200, Israel


  Primary Contact:         George Mashour
                             Regulatory Affairs Manager
                      GE Medical Systems Israel, Functional Imaging
                                  Tel: +972-4-8563666 ext. 639
                              Email: george.mashour@ge.com


  Secondary Contact:       John Jaeckle
                              Chief Regulatory Affairs Engineer and Strategist
                      GE Healthcare
                                  Tel: 262-424-9547
                              email: john.jaeckle@ge.com
  Device Trade Name:        Xeleris V Processing and Review System

  Device Classification:       Class II
  Regulation Number:      21CFR 892.2050
  Product Codes:            LLZ


  Predicate Device Information

  Device Name:               Xeleris V Processing and Review System

  Manufacturer:          GE Medical Systems Israel, Functional Imaging

  510(k) Number:          K201103

  Regulation Number/      21CFR 892.2050
  Product Code:             LLZ


  Reference Device Information

  Device Name:            Olinda/EXM v2.0

  Manufacturer:           Hermes Medical Solutions AB

  510(k) Number:          K163687

  Regulation Number/      21 CFR 892.1100
  Product Code:                              IYX

                                           5-1

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


  Reference Device Information

  Device Name:               Xeleris 4.0 Processing and Review System

  Manufacturer:          GE Medical Systems Israel, Functional Imaging

  510(k) Number:          K153355

  Regulation Number/      21CFR 892.2050
  Product Code:             LLZ

Marketed Devices
Xeleris V Processing and Review System is a modification to the predicate Xeleris V Processing and Review
System (K201103). It includes all of the clinical applications and features in the current production version
of the predicate Xeleris V, and introduces two clinical applications: Q.Thera AI and Generate Planar. The
Indications for Use remain the same as those of the predicate device, except for the additional indications
for the Q.Thera AI application. The proposed Xeleris V indications for use do not add a new Intended Use.

Device Description
Xeleris V Processing and Review System is a Nuclear Medicine Software system that is designed for general
nuclear medicine processing and review procedures for detection of radioisotope tracer uptake in the
patient’s body, using a variety of individual processing applications orientated to specific  clinical
applications. It includes all of the clinical applications and features in the current production version of
the predicate Xeleris V and, introduces two clinical applications

Q.Thera AI: The Q.Thera AI application allows physicians review and monitor patient radiation doses
derived from nuclear medicine imaging data, including SPECT/CT, PET/CT, and Whole-body Planar images,
and from biological samples from the patient. The application provides estimates of isotope residence
time, absorbed dose, and equivalent dose at the whole organ level, as well as estimates of whole-body
effective dose. The output from Q.Thera AI may aid physicians in monitoring patient radiation doses.

Q.Thera AI is a modification to the predicate’s Dosimetry Toolkit application for enhancing site’s dosimetry
workflow through the following updates:

 - Image Pre-Processing: Q.Thera AI uses the predicate’s Q.Volumetrix MI application for image preprocessing, bringing additional automated organ segmentations as well as enabling dosimetry on
   PET/CT imaging data.

 - Dosimetry Calculations: Q.Thera AI adds calculation of radiation doses to Dosimetry Toolkit’s previous
   determination of isotope residence time. Similar to the reference Olinda/EXM (K163687), the added
   calculations follow the guidelines published by the Medical Internal Radiation Dose (MIRD) committee
   of the Society of Nuclear Medicine (SNM) and models from publication Nº 89 of the International
   Commission on Radiological Protection (ICRP).

Generate Planar: The Generate Planar application produces 2D derived planar images from 3D SPECT
images that are acquired using GE Healthcare’s StarGuide SPECT-CT system (K210173). Generate Planar
was first cleared on Xeleris 4.0 (K153355).   It was also included in StarGuide’s 510(k) clearance for
producing derived planar images from hybrid SPECT-CT studies. Xeleris V brings the Generate Planar


                                           5-2

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


application from Xeleris 4.0 and expands it to also produce derived planar images from SPECT-only
studies.

Intended Use
The system  is intended for use by Nuclear Medicine (NM) or Radiology practitioners and referring
physicians. The intended use of the system is to provide digital processing, review and reporting of medical
images, including data display, quality control, image manipulation and quantification analysis, transfer,
storage, and printing capabilities.

The system operates in a variety of configurations. The hardware components may include computer
workstations, communications devices, video monitors, data storage and hardcopy devices.

Software components provide functions for performing operations related to image display, manipulation,
enhancements, analysis and quantification and can operate on dedicated workstations and client-server
architectures.

Indications for Use
The system  is intended for use by Nuclear Medicine (NM) or Radiology practitioners and referring
physicians for display, processing, archiving, printing, reporting and networking of NMI data, including
planar scans (Static, Whole Body, Dynamic, Multi-Gated) and tomographic scans (SPECT, Gated SPECT,
dedicated PET or Camera-Based-PET) acquired by gamma cameras or PET scanners. The system can run
on dedicated workstation or in a server-client configuration.

The NM or PET data can be coupled with registered and/or fused CT or MR scans, and with physiological
signals in order to depict, localize, and/or quantify the distribution of radionuclide tracers and anatomical
structures in scanned body tissue for clinical diagnostic purposes.

The DaTQUANT optional application enables visual evaluation and quantification of 123I-ioflupane
(DaTscanTM) images. DaTQUANT Normal Database option enables quantification relative to normal
population databases of 123I-ioflupane (DaTscanTM) images. These applications may assist in detection
of loss of functional dopaminergic neuron terminals in the striatum, which is correlated with Parkinson
disease.

The Q.Lung AI application may aid physicians in:

   -  Diagnosis of Pulmonary Embolism (PE), Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD), Emphysema
    and other lung deficiencies.

   -  Assess the fraction of total lung function provided by a lobe or whole lung for Lung cancer resection
     requiring removal of an entire lobe, bilobectomy, or pneumonectomy.

The Q.Brain application allows the user to visualize and quantify relative changes in the brain’s
metabolic function or blood flow activity between a subject’s images and controls, which may be
resulting from brain function alterations in:

   -  Epileptic seizures

   -  Dementia. Such as Alzheimer’s disease, Lewy body dementia, Parkinson’s disease with dementia,
     vascular dementia, and frontotemporal dementia.

   -  Inflammation

                                           5-3

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


   -  Brain death

   -  Cerebrovascular disease such as Acute stroke, Chronic and acute ischemia

   -  Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI)

When integrated with the patient’s clinical and diagnostic information, Q.Brain application may aid the
physician in the interpretation of cognitive complaints, neuro-degenerative disease processes and brain
injuries.

The Alcyone CFR application allows for the quantification of coronary vascular function by deriving
Myocardial Blood Flow (MBF) and then calculating Coronary Flow Reserve (CFR) indices on data acquired
on PET scanners and on stationary SPECT scanners with the capacity for dynamic SPECT imaging. These
indices may add information to physicians using Myocardial Perfusion Imaging for the diagnosis of
Coronary Artery Disease (CAD).

The Exini Bone application is intended to be used with NM bone scans for the evaluation of adult male
patients with bone metastases from prostate cancer. Exini Bone quantifies the selected lesions and
provides a Bone Scan Index value as adjunct information related to the progression of disease.

The Q.Liver application provides processing, quantification, and multidimensional review of Liver
SPECT/PET and CT images for display, segmentation, and a calculation of the SPECT ‘liver to lung’ shunt
value and the patient’s Body Surface Area (BSA) for use in calculating a therapeutic dose for Selective
Internal Radiation Therapy (SIRT) treatment using a user defined formula.

The Q.Thera AI application allows physicians review and monitor patient radiation doses derived from
nuclear medicine imaging data, including SPECT/CT, PET/CT, and Whole-body Planar images, and from
biological samples from the patient. The application provides estimates of isotope residence time,
absorbed dose, and equivalent dose at the whole organ level, as well as estimates of whole-body
effective dose. The output from Q.Thera AI may aid physicians in monitoring patient radiation doses.
For use with internally administered radioactive products. Q.Thera AI should not be used to deviate from
approved product dosing and administration instructions. Refer to the product's prescribing information
for instructions.


Technological Characteristics
Xeleris V’s basic functionality for processing and reviewing Nuclear Medicine images and their associated
CT images  is not changed from  its predicate. This functionality includes manual and automatic
segmentation to depict, localize, and/or quantify the distribution of radionuclide tracers and anatomical
structures in patients for diagnostic purposes. Much of this functionality is designed for streamlined user
workflows.

Xeleris V introduces the Q.Thera AI and Generate Planar applications that are focused on specific clinical
imaging scenarios, using this basic functionality. Q.Thera AI and Generate Planar are both modifications
to previously cleared applications:


                                           5-4

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


                                  Predicate Device                 Proposed Device
         Attributes          Xeleris V Processing and Review      Xeleris V Processing and Review
                             System (K201103)                    System

   Q.Thera AI Application

   Supported Input Data   - NM Imaging Data: SPECT-CT and     - NM Imaging Data: SPECT-CT, PETWhole-body Planar                  CT, and Whole-body Planar
                                                                                       - Non-Imaging Data

   Image Pre-Processing    - Preparation for Dosimetry Toolkit    - Preparation for Dosimetry Toolkit
   Application                                                                    - Q.Volumetrix MI for Q.Thera AI

   Supported Dosimetry    - Organ and Lesion isotope               - Organ and Lesion isotope
   Calculations             residence time                      residence time
                                                                                       - Radiation dose calculations per
                                                MIRD committee of SNM and
                                                           ICRP Publication 89

   Generate Planar Application

   Derived Planar                 Not Available                  - Derived planar images from
   Images                                                 SPECT-CT studies, as cleared on
                                                            the reference Xeleris 4.0.
                                                                                       - Derived planar images from
                                                       SPECT only studies.


The Xeleris V Processing and Review System has identical or equivalent technological characteristics as
its predicate and reference devices. The changes and the different technological characteristics do not
raise new or different questions of safety and effectiveness. The software was developed, verified, and
validated under GE Healthcare’s QMS including software development lifecycle.

Determination of Substantial Equivalence

Summary of Non-Clinical, Design Control Testing
The proposed Xeleris V device has successfully completed the design control testing per GE’s quality
system, and also verified compliance with the relevant standards (i.e. NEMA PS3.1 - 3.20, IEC62304). No
additional hazards were identified, and no unexpected test results were observed. Xeleris V is designed
and manufactured under the Quality System Regulations of 21CFR 820 and ISO 13485.

The following quality assurance measures have been applied to the development of the system:

  •  Requirement Definition

  •  Risk Analysis

  •  Technical Design Reviews

  •  Formal Design Reviews

  •  Software Development Lifecycle

  •  Testing on unit level (Module verification)


                                           5-5

GE Healthcare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


  •  Integration testing (System verification)

  •  System Testing:
   o  Safety Testing (Verification)
   o System and Image Performance Testing (Verification)
   o Simulating Use Testing (Validation)

The testing and results did not raise new or different questions of safety and effectiveness than those
associated with predicate device. GE considers the proposed device is substantially equivalent to the
predicate device. The substantial equivalence is also based on software documentation for a “Moderate”
level of concern. GE believes that Xeleris V is of comparable type and substantially equivalent to the
predicate and reference devices.

Q.Thera AI and Generate Planar Non-Clinical Testing

Bench testing for Q.Thera AI confirmed the correctness of the resulting radiation doses across different
possible combinations (e.g. models, organs, isotopes) of calculations. For Generate Planar, bench testing
demonstrated similarity between derived planar images produced from SPECT only studies to derived
planar images produced from SPECT-CT studies. Similarity was demonstrated using representative clinical
datasets for a variety of factors that impact attenuation levels (e.g. body region, BMI).

Clinical Testing
The proposed Xeleris V did not require clinical studies to support substantial equivalence. The bench
testing, including measurements on representative clinical datasets where applicable, demonstrated the
outputs of the software applications to substantiate their performance

Substantial Equivalence Conclusion
The Indications for Use of the proposed Xeleris V Processing and Review System do not create a new
Intended Use. Xeleris V, with the added Q.Thera AI and Generate Planar applications, has identical or
equivalent technological characteristics as its predicate device. GE’s quality system’s design verification,
and risk management processes did not identify any new questions of safety or effectiveness, hazards,
unexpected results, or adverse effects stemming from the modifications made to the predicate.

Based on development under GE’s quality system, the successful verification testing, including the bench
testing of Q.Thera AI and Generate Planar, as well as conformance to standards demonstrate that Xeleris V
is substantially equivalent to, and hence as safe and as effective for its Intended Use, as the legally
marketed predicate device.


                                           5-6