November 22, 2022

Avenda Health, Inc.
℅ Brittany Berry-Pusey, Ph.D.
Co-Founder and COO
4130 Overland Avenue
CULVER CITY CA 90230

Re: K221624
    Trade/Device Name: Avenda Health AI Prostate Cancer Planning Software
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2060
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer-assisted diagnostic software for
                          lesions suspicious of cancer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: POK
    Dated: October 23, 2022
    Received: October 24, 2022

Dear Brittany Berry-Pusey:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K221624 - Brittany Berry-Pusey                                                         Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                          and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K221624

Device Name
Avenda Health AI Prostate Cancer Planning Software


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Avenda Health AI Prostate Cancer Planning Software is an artificial intelligence (AI)-based decision support
software, indicated as an adjunct to the review of magnetic resonance (MR) prostate images and biopsy findings in the
prostate oncological workflow. The Avenda Health AI Prostate Cancer Planning Software is designed to support the
prostate oncological workflow by helping the user with the segmentation of MR image features, including the prostate; in
the evaluation, quantification, and documentation of lesions; and in pre-planning for diagnostic and interventional
procedures such as biopsy and/or soft tissue ablation. The device is intended to be used by physicians trained in the
oncological workflow in a clinical setting for planning and guidance for clinical, interventional, diagnostic, and/or
treatment procedures of the prostate.
The Avenda Health AI Prostate Cancer Planning Software’s lesion characterization functions are intended for use on
patients with a pathology-confirmed Gleason Grade Group (GGG) ≥ 2 lesion and for whom corresponding biopsy
coordinate information have been uploaded. These functions are indicated for the evaluation of the extent of known
disease. Extent of known disease refers to the boundary of a pathology confirmed lesion of GGG ≥ 2 for a particular
patient. Specifically, using prostate MR images, biopsy, pathology, and clinical data, the device creates and displays a
cancer map that assigns a probability to each voxel within the prostate, indicating its probability for containing clinically
significant prostate cancer (csPCa, defined as GGG ≥ 2 ). A user selects a threshold for the cancer map to create a
boundary of the lesion. The lesion boundary is assigned an Encapsulation Confidence Score indicating the confidence
that all csPCa is encapsulated within the boundary. The Encapsulation Confidence Score is from a lookup table generated
by a database of cases with known ground-truth. When interpreted by a trained physician, this information may be useful
in supporting lesion characterization and subsequent patient management.

The Avenda Health AI Prostate Planning Software may also be used as a medical image application, for the viewing,
manipulation, 3D-visualization, and comparison of MR prostate images. The images can be viewed in a number of output
formats including volume rendering.  It enables visualization of information that would otherwise have to be visually
compared disjointedly.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

5.0    510(k) SUMMARY

                    510(k) Notification K_______________________221624

GENERAL INFORMATION [807.92(a)(1)]

Applicant:
Avenda Health, Inc.
4130 Overland Avenue
Culver City, CA 90230
USA

Contact Person:
Brittany Berry-Pusey, Ph.D.
Co-Founder and COO, Avenda Health, Inc.
Phone: 310-957-5202
Email: brit@avendahealth.com

Prepared By:
Veranex, Inc.
Regulatory, Clinical, and Quality Services
224 Airport Parkway, Suite 250
San Jose, CA 95110
USA

Date Prepared: November 18, 2022

DEVICE INFORMATION [807.92(a)(2)]

Trade Name:
Avenda Health AI Prostate Cancer Planning Software

Generic/Common Name:
Medical Image Software Application and Decision Support Software

Classification:
21 CFR§892.2060, Radiological computer-assisted diagnostic software for lesions suspicious of
cancer

Product Code:
POK, Computer-Assisted Diagnostic Software For Lesions Suspicious For Cancer

5.0    510(k) SUMMARY

PREDICATE DEVICE [807.92(a)(3)]
Quantitative Insights, Inc. QuantX (DEN170022)

DEVICE DESCRIPTION [807.92(a)(4)]
The Avenda Health AI Prostate Cancer Planning Software (“AI Prostate Cancer Planning
Software” or “Software”) is an artificial intelligence (AI)-based decision support software,
indicated as an adjunct to the review of magnetic resonance (MR) prostate images and biopsy
findings in the prostate oncological workflow. The Avenda Health AI Prostate Cancer Planning
Software is designed to support the prostate oncological workflow by helping the user with the
segmentation of MR image features, including the prostate; in the evaluation, quantification, and
documentation of lesions; and in pre-planning for diagnostic and interventional procedures such
as biopsy and/or soft tissue ablation. The device is intended to be used by physicians trained in
the oncological workflow in a clinical setting for planning and guidance for clinical,
interventional, diagnostic, and/or treatment procedures of the prostate. The software has three
main features:
    1.  Artificial Intelligence (AI) Powered Prostate MRI Segmentation Tool,
    2. AI Powered Lesion Contour Tool, and
    3.  Simulated Interventional Tool Placement.
The user can choose which subset of features of the Software to employ based on the specific
oncological workflow. Not all features are required to be used for every workflow. Once the
user has completed planning and has reviewed and verified the information, it can be exported
into a supported file format such that it can be imported into a compatible interventional system
or biopsy system.

INDICATIONS FOR USE [807.92(a)(5)]
The Avenda Health AI Prostate Cancer Planning Software is an artificial intelligence (AI)-based
decision support software, indicated as an adjunct to the review of magnetic resonance (MR)
prostate images and biopsy findings in the prostate oncological workflow. The Avenda Health
AI Prostate Cancer Planning Software is designed to support the prostate oncological workflow
by helping the user with the segmentation of MR image features, including the prostate; in the
evaluation, quantification, and documentation of lesions; and in pre-planning for diagnostic and
interventional procedures such as biopsy and/or soft tissue ablation. The device is intended to be
used by physicians trained in the oncological workflow in a clinical setting for planning and
guidance for clinical, interventional, diagnostic, and/or treatment procedures of the prostate.
The Avenda Health AI Prostate Cancer Planning Software’s lesion characterization functions are
intended for use on patients with a pathology-confirmed Gleason Grade Group (GGG)≥ 2 lesion
and for whom corresponding biopsy coordinate information have been uploaded. These
functions are indicated for the evaluation of the extent of known disease. Extent of known
disease refers to the boundary of a pathology confirmed lesion of GGG≥ 2 for a particular
patient. Specifically, using prostate MR images, biopsy, pathology, and clinical data, the device
creates and displays a cancer map that assigns a probability to each voxel within the prostate,
indicating its probability for containing clinically significant prostate cancer (csPCa, defined as
GGG≥ 2). A user selects a threshold for the cancer map to create a boundary of the lesion. The

5.0    510(k) SUMMARY

lesion boundary is assigned an Encapsulation Confidence Score indicating the confidence that all
csPCa is encapsulated within the boundary. The Encapsulation Confidence Score is from a
lookup table generated by a database of cases with known ground-truth. When interpreted by a
trained physician, this information may be useful in supporting lesion characterization and
subsequent patient management.
The Avenda Health AI Prostate Planning Software may also be used as a medical image
application, for the viewing, manipulation, 3D-visualization, and comparison of MR prostate
images. The images can be viewed in a number of output formats including volume rendering.
It enables visualization of information that would otherwise have to be visually compared
disjointedly.

COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICES
[807.92(a)(6)]
Avenda Health, Inc. believes that the Avenda Health AI Prostate Cancer Planning Software (the
“Proposed Device”) is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, Quantitative Insights, Inc.
QuantX (DEN170022, “QuantX”). Like QuantX, the Proposed Device is used by physicians to
support tasks within the oncological workflow. The range of functionalities supported by the
Proposed Device, which include segmentation, lesion characterization, and image overlays (i.e.,
simulated tool placement to support subsequent treatment planning), in addition to basic
magnetic resonance image (MRI) and medical information review functionalities, is similar to
those available in the identified predicate device. QuantX is selected as the predicate device
because, like the Proposed Device, its primary imaging functionality is to characterize lesions
suspicious for cancer through an artificial intelligence-powered algorithm and provide
information to support the physician user’s interpretation of the patient’s medical and imaging
information. DynaCAD is selected as a reference device to support the performance testing
methodology for the prostate segmentation function. The Proposed Device is substantially
equivalent to the identified predicate device.

SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE
The Proposed Device and the predicate device have the same intended use and similar
Indications for Use. Both devices also have similar technological characteristics, and any
differences in technological characteristics do not raise different questions of safety and
effectiveness. The results of performance bench, usability, and reader performance testing
demonstrated that the Proposed Device meets the established specifications necessary for
consistent performance to achieve its intended use as safely and as effectively as the predicate
device. Further, the results of the performance bench, usability, and reader performance testing
confirmed that the technological differences do not raise different questions of safety and
effectiveness. As such, the Avenda Health AI Prostate Cancer Planning Software is substantially
equivalent to the predicate device, QuantX (DEN170022).

PERFORMANCE DATA [807.92(b)]
All necessary testing was conducted on the Avenda Health AI Prostate Cancer Planning
Software to support a determination of substantial equivalence to the predicate devices.

Non-clinical Testing Summary:

5.0    510(k) SUMMARY

Avenda has performed software verification, validation, and usability testing to demonstrate that:
1) the device performs to its intended use in accordance with design specifications, and 2) the
technological differences presented in the Proposed Device do not raise different questions of
safety and effectiveness. These tests include:
   •  Software verification and validation demonstrated that the Proposed Device performs in
       accordance with its specification for every requirement and functionality.
   •  Standalone performance testing for the prostate segmentation and lesion contouring
       algorithms within standalone test datasets, established against clinically valid ground
        truths. Specifically, the prostate segmentation algorithm has been determined to
       accurately segment the prostate organ in T2-weighted MRI in a standalone test set of 137
        patients. Furthermore, the lesion contouring algorithm has been validated for accuracy in
       contouring GGG ≥2 lesions in the intended use population within a representative,
       independent whole mount pathology dataset of N=50 patients.
   •  Human factors usability testing for the Proposed Device has demonstrated that
       representative intended users can use the device safely and effectively, without
        significant use-related risks.

Reader Study Summary:
A multi-reader, multi-case (MRMC) study was conducted for the Avenda Health AI Prostate
Cancer Planning Software (“Proposed Device”) to demonstrate that the device improves reader
performance for prostate cancer lesion contouring in the intended use population.
Overall, the study dataset consisted of cases within a prostate whole mount pathology database
derived from GGG 2-3 patients, which is representative of the device patient population. Each
whole mount sample included 3D surfaces and pathology labels representing tumors as annotated
on the whole mount prostatectomy slides, which are registered to preoperative T2-weighted
MRI. Ten practicing urologists or radiologists from different institutions with a range of
experience levels (2 to 23 years of clinical practice experience) participated in this reader study.
Each reader reviewed each case. For each case, the reader created a prostate cancer lesion
contour based both on standard of care (SOC) practices and with the assistance of the Proposed
Device. The lesion contours created with each method were evaluated against whole mount
pathology data as ground truth and subsequently compared to one another as well as hemi-gland
contours, in order to assess the ability of the Proposed Device to improve reader ability in lesion
contouring.
The study results demonstrated that lesion contours produced using the Proposed Device had
superior sensitivity (mean 97.4% vs 38.2%, p < 0.0001) compared to SOC contours and superior
specificity compared to hemi-gland contours (mean 72.1% vs 53.4%, p < 0.0001). Furthermore,
lesion contours produced using the Proposed Device were superior to both SOC and hemi-gland
contours using measures of balanced accuracy (mean 84.7% vs 67.2% & 75.9% respectively, p <
0.0001) and "clinical quality" (in 99% and 60% of cases respectively, p < 0.0001). On average,
the readers achieved a complete csPCa encapsulation rate of 72.8% with the Proposed Device,
and only 1.6% with SOC methods (p < 0.0001).
The outcomes of this study demonstrated improved reader performance, and showed that readers,
when using the Proposed Device, can create lesion contours that better fully encapsulate csPCa

5.0    510(k) SUMMARY

while excluding as much non-csPCa tissue as possible. The proposed device helps resolve the
systematic underestimation of csPCa present with SOC manual contouring methods, while
simultaneously sparing much of the benign tissue unnecessarily encapsulated with hemi-gland
contours. These findings demonstrate that the Proposed Device improves reader performance as
intended in the intended user population when used in accordance with the instructions for use.

CONCLUSIONS
The Avenda Health AI Prostate Cancer Planning Software (Proposed Device) and the predicate
device QuantX (DEN170022) are both intended as a medical image software application for
MRI which can be used to support the clinical workflow of oncological diagnostic and
interventional procedures. The devices have the same intended use and similar Indications for
Use. Both devices also have similar technological characteristics, and any differences in
technological characteristics do not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness. The
collective performance bench, usability, and reader performance testing results demonstrated that
the Proposed Device performed to its intended use in accordance with its specifications, and
confirmed the technological differences presented in the Proposed Device do not raise different
questions of safety and effectiveness.

SUMMARY
The Avenda Health AI Prostate Cancer Planning Software is substantially equivalent to the
identified predicate device.

5.0    510(k) SUMMARY

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Table
                           Avenda Health AI Prostate Cancer        Predicate Device:
                               Planning Software                       Quantitative Insights, Inc. QuantX        Rationale for Substantial
                               (Proposed Device)                    (DEN170022)                          Equivalence
                            The Avenda Health AI Prostate Cancer     QuantX is a computer-aided diagnosis       Similar to the predicate device. Indications for Use                                 Planning Software is an artificial          (CADx) software device used to assist
                                      intelligence (AI)-based decision support      radiologists in the assessment and
                                    software, indicated as an adjunct to the       characterization of breast abnormalities
                                review of magnetic resonance (MR)         using MR image data. The software
                                     prostate images and biopsy findings in the    automatically registers images, and
                                     prostate oncological workflow. The        segments and analyzes user-selected
                            Avenda Health AI Prostate Cancer           regions of interest (ROI). QuantX extracts
                                 Planning Software is designed to support    image data from the ROI to provide
                                    the prostate oncological workflow by        volumetric analysis and computer
                                  helping the user with the segmentation of     analytics based on morphological and
                   MR image features, including the prostate;   enhancement characteristics. These
                                      in the evaluation, quantification, and        imaging (or radiomic) features are then
                                documentation of lesions; and in pre-        synthesized by an artificial intelligence
                                  planning for diagnostic and interventional    algorithm into a single value, the QI score,
                                  procedures such as biopsy and/or soft       which is analyzed relative to a database of
                                       tissue ablation. The device is intended to     reference abnormalities with known
                               be used by physicians trained in the         ground truth.
                                   oncological workflow in a clinical setting                                                               QuantX is indicated for evaluation of                                      for planning and guidance for clinical,                                                                                     patients presenting for high-risk screening,                                      interventional, diagnostic, and/or treatment                                                                                 diagnostic imaging workup, or evaluation                                  procedures of the prostate.                                                                               of extent of known disease. Extent of
                            The Avenda Health AI Prostate Cancer     known disease refers to both the
                                 Planning Software’s lesion                 assessment of the boundary of a particular
                                     characterization functions are intended for   abnormality as well as the assessment of
                                 use on patients with a pathology-confirmed   the total disease burden in a particular
                                Gleason Grade Group (GGG)≥ 2 lesion       patient. In cases where multiple
                               and for whom corresponding biopsy         abnormalities are present, QuantX can be
                                   coordinate information have been           used to assess each abnormality
                                  uploaded. These functions are indicated     independently.
                                      for the evaluation of the extent of known                                                                           This device provides information that may                                      disease. Extent of known disease refers to                                                                      be useful in the characterization of breast                                    the boundary of a pathology confirmed                                                                               abnormalities during image interpretation.                                     lesion of GGG≥ 2 for a particular patient.                                                                        For the QI score and component radiomic                                      Specifically, using prostate MR images,                                                                                       features, the QuantX device provides

5.0    510(k) SUMMARY

                           Avenda Health AI Prostate Cancer        Predicate Device:
                               Planning Software                       Quantitative Insights, Inc. QuantX        Rationale for Substantial
                               (Proposed Device)                    (DEN170022)                          Equivalence
                                   biopsy, pathology, and clinical data, the      comparative analysis to lesions with
                                  device creates and displays a cancer map    known outcomes using an image atlas and
                                       that assigns a probability to each voxel       histogram display format.
                                   within the prostate, indicating its                                                               QuantX may also be used as an image                                     probability for containing clinically                                                                         viewer of multi-modality digital images,                                      significant prostate cancer (csPCa, defined                                                                               including ultrasound and mammography.                                   as GGG ≥2). A user selects a threshold for                                                                The software also includes tools that allow                                    the cancer map to create a boundary of the                                                                                 users to measure and document images,                                       lesion. The lesion boundary is assigned an                                                                     and output in a structured report.                                  Encapsulation Confidence Score indicating
                                    the confidence that all csPCa is               Limitations: QuantX is not intended for
                                  encapsulated within the boundary. The      primary interpretation of digital
                                  Encapsulation Confidence Score is from a   mammography images.
                                lookup table generated by a database of
                                   cases with known ground-truth. When
                                     interpreted by a trained physician, this
                                  information may be useful in supporting
                                     lesion characterization and subsequent
                                      patient management.
                            The Avenda Health AI Prostate Planning
                                 Software may also be used as a medical
                              image application, for the viewing,
                                   manipulation, 3D-visualization, and
                                comparison of MR prostate images. The
                               images can be viewed in a number of
                                  output formats including volume
                                    rendering.  It enables visualization of
                                  information that would otherwise have to
                               be visually compared disjointedly.

 Regulation Number             §892.2060, Radiological computer-assisted   §892.2060, Radiological computer-       Same as the predicate device.
                                    diagnostic software for lesions suspicious     assisted diagnostic software for lesions
                                   of cancer.                                   suspicious of cancer.

5.0    510(k) SUMMARY

                           Avenda Health AI Prostate Cancer        Predicate Device:
                               Planning Software                       Quantitative Insights, Inc. QuantX        Rationale for Substantial
                               (Proposed Device)                    (DEN170022)                          Equivalence
 Product Codes:              POK, Computer-Assisted Diagnostic       POK, Computer-Assisted Diagnostic      Same as the predicate device.
                                 Software For Lesions Suspicious For        Software For Lesions Suspicious For
                               Cancer                                 Cancer

 Primary Intended User          Trained physicians in the intended           Trained physicians in the intended        Same as the predicate device –
                              workflow (Radiologist/Urologist)          workflow (Radiologist)                     intended for use by the
                                                                                                                            appropriate trained physicians.

 Anatomical Site:                  Prostate only                               Breast only                                   Different, but same intended
                                                                                                                    use and the differences do not
                                                                                                                                         raise different questions of
                                                                                                                                  safety or effectiveness.

 Oncological Workflow of         Prostate Cancer                             Breast Cancer                                Different, but same intended
 Interest                                                                                                           use within the workflow and
                                                                                                                              the differences do not raise
                                                                                                                                      different questions of safety or
                                                                                                                                    effectiveness.

 Clinical Workflow Steps       Image Review and Workflow Support      Image Review and Workflow Support       Similar to the predicate device.
 Where Used:                                   Interventional/Treatment Planning and
                               Guidance for Diagnostic and Interventional
                                 Procedures

 Platform/Architecture          Cloud-only solution                        Software-only platform                     Similar – both devices are
                                                                                                       Web-based software devices.

 DICOM Compatible          Yes                                 Yes                              Same as the predicate device.

 Type of Scans              MR, DICOM-compatible              MR, DICOM-compatible               Same as the predicate device.

 Image Navigation Tools       ●   Pan, zoom, rotate, slice scroll (view    ●   Pan, zoom, rotate, change in contrast,   Same as the predicate device.
                                        multiple slices),                                 slice scroll (view multiple slices)

5.0    510(k) SUMMARY

                           Avenda Health AI Prostate Cancer        Predicate Device:
                               Planning Software                       Quantitative Insights, Inc. QuantX        Rationale for Substantial
                               (Proposed Device)                    (DEN170022)                          Equivalence
                         ●   Adjust window level,
                                   minimize/maximize

 Image Review tools:         ●  2D                          ●  2D                                    Similar to the predicate device.
                         ●  3D                          ●  3D
                         ●  MPR                        ●  MIPs

 Image Manipulation and         Interventional tool, trajectory, and damage   Measure and document images               Different, but same intended
 Analysis                     volume overlay (overlay profiles                                                     use and the differences do not
                                  customizable by the user)                                                                      raise different questions of
                                                                                                                                  safety or effectiveness.

 Image Segmentation:            Algorithm-driven segmentation of the       Automated segmentation of the ROI         Similar to the predicate device.
                                     prostate gland with the possibility of
                              manual adjustment

 Measurement Functionalities    Prostate gland:                           For each lesion:                            Similar to the predicate device.
                            ●  Volume                           • Volume
                            ●  ROIs within the prostate             • Surface Area
                                For each Lesion:
                            ●   Location
                            ●  Volume

 CADx Task                   Assessment and characterization of         Assessment and characterization of breast    Similar to the predicate device
                                     prostate lesions/abnormalities confirmed to   abnormalities using MR image data.         with respect to analysis of
                                   contain csPCA through biopsy and MR                                              image-based information for
                              image data.                                                                        assessment of lesions.

 Lesion Analysis Supported      Extent of Disease (boundary and total       Risk Stratification, Classification, Extent    Subset of the functionalities of
                                 burden)                                     of Disease (boundary and total burden)       the predicate device.

5.0    510(k) SUMMARY

                           Avenda Health AI Prostate Cancer        Predicate Device:
                               Planning Software                       Quantitative Insights, Inc. QuantX        Rationale for Substantial
                               (Proposed Device)                    (DEN170022)                          Equivalence
 CADx Algorithm              Machine learning-based algorithm based    Machine learning-based algorithm based     Similar to the predicate device.
                             on patient information and image          on image morphological and enhancement
                                  morphological, intensity, and geometric       characteristics.
                                        characteristics.

 CADx Outputs                Cancer Estimation Map                 QI Score                            The Proposed Device utilizes
                                                                                                                                      different outputs from the                                  Default Lesion Contour                     Similar Cases Database (via Image Atlas                                                                                                                              predicate device. As these                                                                     and Histogram Display)                                  Encapsulation Confidence Score                                                        outputs do not impact the
                                                                                                                       intended use and are similarly
                                                                                                                  supplementary to information
                                                                                                                reviewed by the physician as a
                                                                                                                                    part of standard of care, they
                                                                                                       do not raise different questions
                                                                                                                           of safety or effectiveness.

 User Must Approve/ Reject     Yes                                 Yes                              Same as the predicate device.
 Results:

 Export Formats:               ●  DICOM                      ●  DICOM                           Similar – both devices allow
                                                                                                                        export of findings for use in
                            ●   Planning assets                                                                                                                                 future oncological steps.
                            ●   Intervention plan for supported
                                         systems