September 27, 2022

Neosoma, Inc.
℅ Aly Abayazeed
Co-founder and Chief Medical Officer
44 Farmers Row
GROTON MA 01450

Re: K221738
    Trade/Device Name: NS-HGlio
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: September 1, 2022
    Received: September 2, 2022

Dear Aly Abayazeed:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K221738 - Aly Abayazeed                                                           Page  2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                          Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                          and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K221738
Device Name
NS-HGlio
Indications for Use (Describe)
NS-HGlio is intended for the semi-automatic labeling, visualization, and volumetric quantification of high-grade brain
glioma (WHO grade 3 astrocytoma, WHO grade 4 astrocytoma and WHO grade 4 glioblastoma) from a set of standard
MRI images of male or female patients 18 years of age or older who are known to have pathologically proven high-grade
glioma. Volumetric measurements may be compared to past measurements if available. NS-HGlio is not to be used for
primary diagnosis, and is intended to be used by qualified clinical personnel as an additional source of information and is
not intended to be the sole diagnostic metric.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Summary

1.1  General Information                                        K221738

    510(k) Sponsor         Neosoma, Inc.
   Address               44 Farmers Row
                             Groton, MA 01450
   Correspondence        Aly H. Abayazeed, MD.
   Person                  Co-founder and Chief Medical Officer
   Contact Information     aly.abayazeed@neosomainc.com
                           443-804-8096
   Date Prepared           June 14, 2022


1.2  Proposed Device

    Proprietary Name       NS-HGlio
    Classification Name     Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
   Regulation Number     21 CFR 892.2050
   Product Code         QIH
   Regulatory Class            II


1.3  Predicate Device

    Proprietary Name       NeuroQuant
   Premarket Notification  K170981
    Classification Name     Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
   Regulation Number     21 CFR 892.2050
   Product Code         LLZ
   Regulatory Class            II


1.4  Device Description

    NS-HGlio  is a non-invasive software as a medical device (SaMD) tool intended for
      labeling, visualization, and volumetric quantification of high-grade brain gliomas for a
     population that has been pathologically diagnosed to have brain tumors. The device is used


                                                                                  Page 1

as a  tool by  clinicians  in determining  the  patient's disease conditions on pre- and
      post-operative MRI images. The device is not used for primary diagnosis.

    NS-HGlio device takes as an input imported Digital Imaging and Communications in
     Medicine (DICOM) images of high-grade brain glioma acquired with standard brain tumor
    MRI protocols and uses a deep learning methodology to semi-automatically label the
      different subcomponents of  the high-grade glioma. Results are displayed on a Neosoma
     viewing  software.  Optionally,  the software connects to clinicians’ applications  (e.g.,
     PACS).


1.5  Indications for Use

    NS-HGlio is intended for the semi-automatic labeling, visualization, and volumetric
      quantification of high-grade brain glioma (WHO grade 3 astrocytoma, WHO grade 4
     astrocytoma and WHO grade 4 glioblastoma) from a set of standard MRI images of male or
     female patients 18 years of age or older who are known to have pathologically proven
     high-grade glioma. Volumetric measurements may be compared to past measurements if
      available. NS-HGlio is not to be used for primary diagnosis, and is intended to be used by
      qualified clinical personnel as an additional source of information and is not intended to be
      the sole diagnostic metric.


1.6 Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

    Feature/              Subject Device:                    Predicate Device
    Function              NS-HGlio                NeuroQuant manufactured by
                                                           CorTechs Labs
                                                       K170981

  Type of Scans              MRI:                         MRI:

                  Acquired using four different MRI   Neuroquant: 3D T1 pre-contrast scans
                  sequences either in 2D or 3D using     acquired with specified protocols
                         a specified protocol                                                     Lesionquant: 3D FLAIR scan acquired
                 (T1 pre-contrast, T1 post-contrast,          with specified protocol
                      T2 and FLAIR)


     Intended                   Brain                               Brain
    Anatomy


  Lesion Review          2D and 3D                     2D


                                                                                  Page 2

Feature/              Subject Device:                    Predicate Device
    Function              NS-HGlio                NeuroQuant manufactured by
                                                           CorTechs Labs
                                                       K170981

  Segmentation       Semi-automatic and manual          Semi-automatic and manual
                  segmentation of high-grade glioma      segmentation of brain structures

                                                  Automated measurement of brain  Quantification     Volumetric measurement of the
                                                                tissue volumes and structures and                   sub-components of high-grade
                                                                           lesions                              glioma

                         -  Provides volumetric                  -  Provides volumetric measurements     Output
                   measurements of high-grade         of brain structures and lesions
                      brain glioma and                       -  Includes segmented color overlays
                   sub-components                  and morphometric reports
                         -  Includes segmented color           -  Automatically compares results to
                     overlays of sub-components and     reference percentile data and to prior
                       reports                            scans when available
                         -  Automatically compares results
                       to prior scans when available


  Image Format          DICOM                   DICOM


     Report              YES                      YES


1.7 Performance Data

      Safety and performance of NS-HGlio have been evaluated and verified in accordance
      with software specifications and applicable performance standards through software
       verification and validation testing. Additionally, the software validation activities were
      performed in accordance with IEC 62304:2006/AC:2015 - Medical device software –
      Software life cycle processes, in addition to the FDA Guidance document, “Guidance for
      the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.”


                                                                                  Page 3

The testing dataset consisted of 33 subjects and 132 MRIs used for the evaluation of the
     machine learning model performance. The test dataset was acquired from medical sites
       that were not included in the training dataset to ensure device generalizability. The data
     were acquired using standard of care MRI protocols on Siemens, GE, and Toshiba
      scanners. Following the real world prevalence of the high grade glioma, the data consisted
      of more males than females within the age range of 18 to 79 and covering a diverse group
      of ethnic backgrounds.

     The reference standard (ground truth) was established using three US board certified
      neuroradiologists with expertise in measuring high grade gliomas. The dataset was
      evaluated using the DSC (Dice Similarity Coefficient) assessing the degree of overlap
      between device output and the reference standard as well as the Intraclass correlation
       coefficient (ICC) of the device output volumes and the reference standard.

     The device achieved a mean DSC of 0.88 with 95% CI of 0.86-0.90 on preoperative
      imaging and 0.80 with 95% CI of 0.77-0.83 on postoperative imaging which is higher
      than the mean DSC of the average of the three experts for the same task, which was 0.84
     on preoperative imaging and 0.74 for postoperative imaging respectively. The mean ICC
     was 0.98 with 95% CI of 0.97-0.99.


1.8  Conclusion

     Based on the information submitted in this premarket notification, and based on the
       indications for use, technological  characteristics, and performance testing, NS-HGlio
       raises no new questions of safety or effectiveness and is substantially equivalent to the
      predicate device in terms of safety, efficacy, and performance.


                                                                                  Page 4