Ever Fortune AI Co., Ltd.
℅ Ti-Hao Wang
Chief Technology Officer
RM.D, 8F, NO. 573, SEC 2, Taiwan Blvd, West Dist.
Taichung City, 403020
TAIWAN
                                                                November 8, 2022
Re: K221552
    Trade/Device Name: EFAI ChestSuite XR Pneumothorax Assessment System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Aided Triage And Notification Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QFM
    Dated: October 3, 2022
    Received: October 4, 2022

Dear Ti-Hao Wang:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K221552 - Ti-Hao Wang                                                               Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices
                                           and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

w F@RTUNE.AI
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K221552
Device Name
EFAI Chestsuite XR Pneumothorax Assessment System
indications tor Use (Describe)
EFAI PNXXR is a software workflow tool designed to aid the clinical assessment of adult (22 years of age or older)
Posteroanterior (PA) view Chest X-Ray cases with features suggestive of pneumothorax in the medical care environment.
EFAI PNXXR analyzes cases using an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify suspected findings. It makes case-level
output available to a PACS/workstation for worklist prioritization or triage. EFAL PNXXR is not intended to direct
attention to specific portions or anomalies of an image. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for
clinical decision-making nor is it intended to rule out pneumothorax or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of X-Ray
cases.
Type of Use (Select one or both. as applicable)
1X] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) CL Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 601 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services 301) 407-6740 EF
SS
EFAI PNXXR Traditional 510(k)

510(k) Summary

   1. General Information                                  K221552
 510(k) Sponsor             Ever Fortune.AI Co., Ltd.
 Address                Rm. D, 8F. No. 573, Sec. 2 Taiwan Blvd.
                          West Dist.
                            Taichung City 403020
                    TAIWAN
 Applicant                   Joseph Chang
 Contact Information        886-04-23213838 #216
                               joseph.chang@everfortune.ai
 Correspondence Person      Ti-Hao Wang, MD
 Contact Information        886-04-23213838 #168
                               tihao.wang@everfortune.ai
 Date Prepared           May 31, 2022


   2. Proposed Device
 Proprietary Name         EFAI ChestSuite XR Pneumothorax Assessment System v1.0
 Common Name           EFAI PNXXR v1.0
 Classification Name          Radiological Computer-Assisted  Prioritization Software For
                              Lesions
 Regulation Number         21 CFR 892.2080
 Regulation Name             Radiological Computer Aided Triage and Notification Software
 Product Code          QFM
 Regulatory Class                 II


   3. Predicate Device
 Proprietary Name            red dot™
 Premarket Notification      K191556
 Classification Name          Radiological Computer-Assisted  Prioritization Software For
                              Lesions
 Regulation Number         21 CFR 892.2080
 Regulation Name             Radiological Computer Aided Triage and Notification Software
 Product Code          QFM
 Regulatory Class                 II


EFAI PNXXR Traditional 510(k)
                                       1

4. Device Description
EFAI ChestSuite XR Pneumothorax Assessment System, herein referred to as EFAI PNXXR, is
a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software system. The software uses deep
learning techniques to automatically analyze PA chest x-rays and sends notification messages to
the picture archiving and communication system (PACS)/workstation to allow suspicious
findings of pneumothorax to be identified.

The device is intended to provide a passive notification through the PACS/workstation to the
radiologists indicating the existence of a case that may potentially benefit from the prioritization.
It does not mark, highlight, or direct users’ attention to a specific location on the original chest
X-ray. The device aims to aid in prioritization and triage of radiological medical images only.

The deployment environment is recommended to be in a local network with an existing hospitalgrade IT system in place. EFAI PNXXR should be installed on a specialized server supporting
deep learning processing. The configurations are only being operated by the manufacturer:
       ●  Local network setting of input and output destinations;

   5. Intended Use / Indications for Use

EFAI PNXXR is a software workflow tool designed to aid the clinical assessment of adult (22 years
of age or older) Posteroanterior (PA) view Chest X-Ray cases with features suggestive of
pneumothorax in the medical care environment. EFAI PNXXR analyzes cases using an artificial
intelligence algorithm to identify suspected findings. It makes case-level output available to a
PACS/workstation for worklist prioritization or triage. EFAI PNXXR is not intended to direct
attention to specific portions or anomalies of an image. Its results are not intended to be used on
a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making nor is it intended to rule out pneumothorax or
otherwise preclude clinical assessment of X-Ray cases.


EFAI PNXXR Traditional 510(k)
                                       2

6. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with Predicate
     Device
Table below provides a comparison of the intended use and key technological features of EFAI
PNXXR with that of the Primary Predicate, red dot™ (K191556).


                   Table - Comparison with the Predicate Device.

                        Ever Fortune.AI Co., Ltd.
     Company                                     Behold.AI Technologies Limited
                                (EFAI)

     Device Name           EFAI PNXXR                      red dot™
    510k Number              K221552                   K191556
    Regulation No.         21CFR 892.2080            21CFR 892.2080
     Classification                          II                                        II
     Product Code           QFM                 QFM
                  EFAI PNXXR  is  a  software
                     workflow tool designed to aid  The red dot™ software platform
                         the clinical assessment of adult   is  a  software  workflow  tool
                       (22  years  of  age  or  older)  designed  to  aid  the  clinical
                         Posteroanterior (PA) view Chest  assessment of adult Chest X-Ray
                   X-Ray   cases  with   features  cases with features suggestive of
                        suggestive of pneumothorax in  Pneumothorax  in  the  medical
                         the medical care environment.  care  environment.  red  dot™
                  EFAI PNXXR analyzes cases  analyzes cases using an artificial
                        using an  artificial intelligence  intelligence algorithm to identify
                        algorithm to identify suspected  suspected  findings.   It  makes
       Intended         findings.  It makes  case-level  case-level output available to a
   Use/Indication for    output     available     to    a  PACS/workstation  for  worklist
        Use          PACS/workstation for worklist   prioritization or triage. red dot™
                           prioritization  or  triage. EFAI   is not intended to direct attention
               PNXXR is not intended to direct   to specific portions of an image
                          attention to specific portions or  or  to  anomalies  other  than
                       anomalies  of  an  image.   Its  Pneumothorax. Its results are not
                           results are not intended to be  intended to be used on a standused on a stand-alone basis for  alone basis for clinical decisionclinical decision-making nor is  making nor is it intended to rule
                                     it   intended   to   rule   out  out Pneumothorax or otherwise
                     pneumothorax   or   otherwise  preclude clinical assessment of
                        preclude clinical assessment of  X-Ray cases.
                   X-Ray cases.
                        Hospital networks and trained    Hospital networks and trained
     Intended user
                           clinicians                          clinicians


EFAI PNXXR Traditional 510(k)
                                       3

Supported Modalities  X-Ray (PA view)             X-Ray (PA or AP view)

     Body Part       Chest                         Chest

  Artificial Intelligence
                    Yes                        Yes
      Algorithm
 Limited to analysis of
                    Yes                        Yes
     imaging data
     Aids prompt
 identification of cases
                    Yes                        Yes
     with indicated
        findings

     Image Input    DICOM                DICOM

    Identify patients
  with a pre-specified   Yes                        Yes
    clinical condition

   Clinical condition    Pneumothorax                 Pneumothorax

                        Passive notification flagged for   Passive notification flagged for
    Alert to finding
                       review                         review
    Independent of
                      Yes; No cases are removed       Yes; No cases are removed from
    standard of care
                     from worklist                     worklist
      workflow
   Where results are   PACS / RIS / EPR
                                      PACS / RIS / EPR / Workstation
        received        /Workstation


The proposed device, EFAI PNXXR, is substantially equivalent to the claimed predicate, red dot™
(K191556).


EFAI PNXXR Traditional 510(k)
                                       4

7. Performance Data

Performance of the EFAI PNXXR v1.0 has been evaluated and verified in accordance with software
specifications and applicable performance standards through software verification and validation testing.
Additionally,  the  software  validation   activities  were  performed   in  accordance  with  IEC
62304:2006/A1:2016 - Medical device software – Software life cycle processes, in addition to the FDA
Guidance documents, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in
Medical Devices”(2005), and “Content of Premarket Submission for Management of Cybersecurity in
Medical Devices.”

To establish the standalone performance of EFAI PNXXR, a retrospective, blinded, multicenter study
was performed to compare the pneumothorax classification performance and processing time of EFAI
PNXXR against the predicate device, red dot™ (Behold.AI, K191556). The standalone dataset consists
of 800 anonymized Chest X-ray images consecutively collected from 3 institutions from the US and 1
institution from the OUS. Neither of the datasets were used as part of the EFAI PNXXR model
development or analytical validation testing.

The standalone dataset included pneumothorax positive (n=182) and negative cases (n=618). The cases
were acquired from several X-Ray scanner manufacturers, including Samsung Electronics, Shimadzu,
Toshiba, Canon Inc., Fujifilm Corporation, GE Healthcare, Konica Minolta, Philips Medical Systems,
Swissray, etc. The X-Ray is taken in a standard chest X-ray protocol in PA view. Confounding cases in
the dataset include possible confounders as the following: Air-fluid Level, Airspace Disease, Atelectasis,
Blebs, Cardiomegaly, Fracture, Infiltrate, Mass, Nodule, Obstructive Airways Disease, Pleural Effusion,
Pneumonia, Scoliosis and Image Quality Issues.

Three US  board-certified  radiologists  determined  the  presence  of pneumothorax  in each  case
independently. The reference standard (ground truth) was generated by the majority agreement between
the three board-certified radiologists. The performance acceptance criteria were set such that the lower
bounds of 95% confidence intervals of both sensitivity and specificity should exceed 0.8.
Summary of results: The dataset included 56.50% males and 43.25% females, and the mean age of cases
was 50.2 years. Overall, the EFAI PNXXR was able to demonstrate sensitivity and specificity of 0.97
(95% CI=0.94-0.99) and 0.98 (95% CI=0.96-0.99) respectively, as well as an AUC of 0.99 (95% CI=0.98-
1.00), which is substantially equivalent to the predicate device (Behold.ai red dot™ (K191556). The
average performance time of the EFAI PNXXR was 23.3 seconds with a 95% CI of [23.2, 23.4] and was
comparable with the predicate device, red dot™ (Behold.AI, K191556, 29.3 seconds). The subgroup
analysis included gender,  age, manufacturer,  data source (US and OUS),  size and  location of
pneumothorax, and demonstrated consistent performance for the device across all subgroups.
The table below provides a more detailed description of the performance across different manufacturers.


EFAI PNXXR Traditional 510(k)
                                          5

Table. Sensitivity and specificity of EFAI PNXXR by manufacturer

                                           EFAI PNXXR

     Manufacturer
                                              Sensitivity                          Specificity
                             (95% Wilson CI)             (95% Wilson CI)

     Samsung Electronics              1.00 (0.86, 1.00]                   0.99 (0.97, 1.00)

     Shimadzu                        0.98 (0.91, 1.00)                   0.99 (0.95, 1.00)

     Toshiba                          1.00 (0.90, 1.00]                   0.99 (0.95, 1.00)

     Others a, b                         0.94 (0.85, 0.97)                   0.81 (0.66, 0.91)

         a Other X-ray manufacturers include Canon Inc., Fujifilm Corporation, GE Healthcare, Konica Minolta, Philips
       Medical Systems, Swissray, etc.
         b Manufacturers are merged into the category "Others" if the number of cases (Non-PNX Cases or PNX Cases)
       were less than or equal to five in the study.

We also evaluated cases with image quality issues or radiologic findings other than pneumothorax, to see
if these possible confounders systematically affect the software’s performance. We found the device
performs consistently and reliably under these circumstances. The results demonstrate that the EFAI
PNXXR device is as safe and effective as the predicate device red dot™.

   8. Conclusion
Based on the information submitted in this premarket notification, and based on the indications for use,
technological characteristics, and performance testing, the EFAI PNXXR v1.0 raises no new questions of
safety and effectiveness and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in terms of safety,
effectiveness, and performance.


EFAI PNXXR Traditional 510(k)
                                          6