March 17, 2023

New Touch Digital Inc.
Chan Lee
Chief Operating Officer
3124 Dumbarton Street NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20007


Re: K221772
    Trade/Device Name: NeuroRPM
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.1950
    Regulation Name: Tremor Transducer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: GYD, ISD
    Dated: February 15, 2023
    Received: February 15, 2023

Dear Chan Lee:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

K221772 - Chan Lee                                                                  Page 2


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                          Patrick Antkowiak -S

                                                  for
                                            Jay Gupta
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT5A: Division of Neurosurgical,
                                                Neurointerventional
                                           and Neurodiagnostic Devices
                                  OHT5: Office of Neurological
                                           and Physical Medicine Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K221772

Device Name
NeuroRPM


Indications for Use (Describe)
NeuroRPM is intended to quantify movement disorder symptoms during wake periods in adult patients 46 to 85 years of
age with Parkinson's disease. These symptoms include tremor, bradykinesia, and dyskinesia. NeuroRPM is intended for
clinic and home environments.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K221772 Traditional 510(k) SUMMARY
                     New Touch Digital Inc.’s NeuroRPM

Submitter:

     New Touch Digital Inc.
      3124 Dumbarton Street NW
      Washington, DC 20007

       Contact Person: Chan Lee
      Phone: (703)201-9548
       Email: chan.lee@newtouchdigital.com


Date Prepared:          March 17, 2023
Name of Device:        NeuroRPM K221772
Common or Usual Name: NeuroRPM
Classification Name:     Tremor Transducer 21 CFR 882.1950
Regulatory Class:        Class II
Primary Product Code:  GYD
Secondary Product Code: ISD

Predicate Device:

       Manufacturer:     GKC Manufacturing Pty Ltd.
       Trade/Device Name: Personal Kinetigraph (PKG) System Model GKC-2000
       510(K) Number:    K161717
       Decision Date:     September 20, 2016


Device Description:

     NeuroRPM  is a software application  for the Apple Watch that  is prescribed by a health
       professional  to  quantify motor symptoms  of  Parkinson’s disease  including  bradykinesia,
       dyskinesia, and tremor. NeuroRPM collects accelerometer and gyroscope data from the Apple
      Watch. The motion data are transmitted to cloud servers and analyzed using machine learning
      models developed to generate binary symptom classifications. Binary symptom classification
       output is generated every 15-minutes. A description of the NeuroRPM outputs is provided in Table
        1.


                                                                         Page 1 of 5

K221772
                          Table 1 - Description of NeuroRPM Outputs

   Symptom     Output Classification        Output Description             Validated Scale


             NTD-TR A - No Tremor     No tremor detected.             UPDRS-III TR Score of 0
  Tremor
                                                                         UPDRS-III TR Score of 1 and             NTD-TR B - Tremor         Tremor detected.                                                                                   greater

                                          No, minor or mild bradykinesia    Combined UPDRS-III             NTD-BK A - Normal to Low                                                detected.                 BK Score of 0, 1, 2, 3
  Bradykinesia
                                          Moderate or greater than        Combined UPDRS-III             NTD-BK B - Medium to High                                          moderate bradykinesia detected.  BK Score of 4 and greater

             NTD-DK A - No Dyskinesia   No dyskinesia detected.           Total AIMS Score of 0, 1
  Dyskinesia
                                                                                    Total AIMS Score of 2 and             NTD-DK B - Dyskinesia       Dyskinesia detected.                                                                                   greater

Intended Use:

     NeuroRPM is intended to quantify movement disorder symptoms during wake periods in adult
       patients 46 to 85 years of age with Parkinson's disease. These symptoms include tremor,
       bradykinesia, and dyskinesia. NeuroRPM is intended for clinic and home environments.

Summary of Technological Characteristics:

      The proposed device and the predicate device have similar technological characteristics. Both
       devices obtain a patient’s movement data from a wrist-worn device. Sensor data from both the
      proposed and predicate wrist-worn devices are transferred to a cloud server and analyzed using
       algorithms to quantify the movement disorder symptoms. The predicate algorithm uses equations
      and thresholds, while the proposed algorithm was developed using machine learning. Although
       the algorithms are different, both devices provide similar quantification of the presence or absence
        of motor symptoms. In addition, the outputs of both devices indicate the presence of movement
       disorder symptoms (i.e., bradykinesia, tremor, and dyskinesia) in adult patients diagnosed with
       Parkinson's disease. The predicate device provides symptom scores every 2 minutes in median
      and percentiles which are compared to a control group with subjects with no Parkinson’s disease.
        In comparison, NeuroRPM directly outputs the presence of 3 symptom types according to Table
        1, without comparison to a control group. Although the output scales and references differ,
     NeuroRPM outputs were validated in a clinical trial, demonstrating that the device performance is
      adequate to support the intended use of quantifying movement disorder symptoms. Thus, these
       differences  in technological characteristics do not raise  different questions  of safety and
       effectiveness.


                                                                         Page 2 of 5

K221772
Performance Bench Testing:

      Bench testing was conducted to verify that the motion data from the Apple Watch reflected the
        subject’s activities within the expected signal patterns and range of values, and that there were
      no outliers. Raw motion data from test subjects wearing Apple Watch were collected during
     UPDRS and AIMS evaluation and analyzed in time and frequency domains. The test results
      demonstrated that the motion data for all subjects were consistent and reliable.

Performance Clinical Testing:

     An observational, non-intervention study in 36 subjects was conducted to evaluate NeuroRPM’s
         ability to quantify Parkinson’s symptom presence or absence. The primary endpoints  for
       demonstrating the performance  of the NeuroRPM symptom outputs were  sensitivity and
         specificity. Subjects who were previously diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease were enrolled in
       the study. Scores for each subject were obtained using validated clinical scales, the Unified
       Parkinson Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS) and the Abnormal Involuntary Movement Scale
       (AIMS). The ground truth for each sample was derived based on the majority score of an expert
        rater panel of 3 board-certified movement disorder specialists.

      The summary of subject demographics is provided below and is from a single site with 95.5%
      Caucasian subjects.

                          Table 2 - Summary of Subject Demographics
                    Demographics            Min        Mean       Max
                      Age                 46           67.7          85
                Approx. Age at Diagnosis        35.1          59.8          81.3
                 Years Since Diagnosis           0.3            7.9          19
               Average Total UPDRS-III                                                   3.4           11.1          26.7                        Score
                 Number of Males            –           18           –
                Number of Females           –           18           –


                                                                         Page 3 of 5

K221772


                      Figure 1 - Histogram of Hoehn and Yahr Stages (n=36)

      The validation study was not specifically tested in the home environment; however, additional
       supportive data from the clinic, where subjects performed common at-home tasks and observed
        naturalistic behaviors, were provided to demonstrate the potential for similar performance in the
     home environment.

        Clinical performance testing demonstrated that NeuroRPM is substantially equivalent to the
       predicate device. 95% confidence intervals were estimated based on the subject cluster bootstrap
      method.

                  Table 3 - NeuroRPM Output Sensitivity and Specificity of the event with 95%
                                      Confidence Intervals

          NeuroRPM Output            Sensitivity [95% CI]           Specificity [95% CI]

            Tremor                    0.7176 [0.6081, 0.8172]       0.9508 [0.9119, 0.9802]

              Bradykinesia               0.7143 [0.5894, 0.8332]       0.7740 [0.6787, 0.8597]

             Dyskinesia                 0.7123 [0.5323, 0.8652]       0.9466 [0.9069, 0.9741]
          Sample size n = 36
          The analysis is based on events instead of subjects. There are a total of 36 subjects who may have
                 all the 3 types of events. The total number of events (from truth) for sensitivity evaluation is 170 for
           Tremor, and 203 for BK and 73 for DK. The number of events (from truth) for specificity evaluation is
          325 for Tremor, 292 for BK, and 422 for DK.

Conclusions:

     NeuroRPM is substantially equivalent to GKC’s Personal Kinetigraph (PKG) System Model GKC-
       2000. NeuroRPM has the same intended use, technological characteristics, and principles of
       operation as the predicate device. The differences in indications for use do not introduce a new
       intended use. In addition, technological differences between NeuroRPM and the predicate device
      do not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness.
                                                                         Page 4 of 5

K221772

 Substantial equivalence comparison of the predicate device and NeuroRPM is provided in Table 2.

              Table 2 - Substantial Equivalence Comparison of Predicate Device and NeuroRPM

                 Predicate Device:           Subject Device:           Comparison
           GKC PKG System        NeuroRPM
                (K161717)

Indications for    The Personal Kinetigraph    NeuroRPM is intended to    Same intended use of
Use            (PKG) is intended to quantify  quantify movement disorder   quantifying movement
                  kinematics of movement     symptoms during wake        disorder symptoms.
                  disorder symptoms in         periods in adult patients 46
                  conditions such as              to 85 years of age with
                  Parkinson's disease,          Parkinson's disease. These
                   including tremor,           symptoms include tremor,
                  bradykinesia and dyskinesia.  bradykinesia, and
                              It includes a medication        dyskinesia. NeuroRPM is
                  reminder, an event marker    intended for clinic and
               and is intended to monitor    home environments.
                      activity associated with
              movement during sleep. The
                 device is indicated for use in
                    individuals 46 to 83 years of
                 age.

Wearable         Proprietary watch with        Apple Watch triaxial inertial    Both use wrist-worn devices
Device           accelerometer.             measurement unit.             to measure movement.

Algorithm        Equation with data in         Machine learning model with  Both algorithms are
                 frequency domain.            data in time and frequency     deterministic and generate
                                            domain.                          classifications.

Symptom        Tremor, bradykinesia and     Tremor, bradykinesia, and   Same symptom
Measured         dyskinesia.                    dyskinesia.                 measurements. The subject
                                                                           device produces binary
                                                              symptom outputs.

Outputs        Symptom measurement     Symptom presence or       NeuroRPM provides direct
                 every 2 minutes in median    absence levels every 15-     symptom measurement
               and percentiles which are     minutes.                      without comparison to a
               compared to a control group                                    control group. 15-minute
                   with subjects with no                                             intervals provide sufficient
                  Parkison’s disease.                                           characterization of whether a
                                                              symptom is present.

Output Report   PDF report with daily graphs  PDF report with daily graphs  Same output report formats
               and summary statistics of     and summary statistics of      with similar symptom
              symptom outputs.          symptom outputs.             information and
                                                                                       visualizations.

Medication      Yes                   No                        Not required for
Reminder                                                                           quantification of movement
                                                                                disorder symptoms.

                                                                          Page 5 of 5