Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
℅ John J. Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street
WASHINGTON DC 20004
                                                    May 17, 2022
Re: K221240
    Trade/Device Name: BriefCase
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: April 18, 2022
    Received: April 19, 2022

Dear John J. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K221240 - John J. Smith                                                               Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices
                                          and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form  Approved: OMB  No.  0910-0120
                        Food and Drug Administration                              Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                      See PRA Statement below
510(k) Number (if known)

  K221240
Device Name

BriefCase
Indications for Use (Describe)

BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the analysis of nonenhanced head CT images in adults or transitional adolescents aged 18 and older. The device is intended to
assist hospital  networks  and  appropriately  trained  medical  specialists in  workflow  triage  by flagging  and
communication of suspected positive findings of Intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) pathologies.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected findings on a
standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is presented
with notification for cases with suspected findings. Notifications include compressed preview images that are
meant for informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not
alter the original medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on their
professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians are responsible for
viewing full images per the standard of care.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

               ☒Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)                       Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)                                                            ☐Over-The-Counter
                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including
          the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and
         complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
          other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human
                                           Services Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (8/14)                             Page 1 of 1                                           PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF
                                                                                 040

K221240


                                    510(k) Summary
                         Aidoc Medical, Ltd.’s BriefCase

Submitter:

       Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
      92 Yigal Alon St.
        Tel-Aviv, Israel
      Phone:             +972-73-7946870

       Contact Person:      N. Epstein, Ph.D.

      Date Prepared:         April 18, 2022

Name of Device:            BriefCase

Classification Name:         Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
                            device

Regulatory Class:          Class II

Product Code:          QAS (21 C.F.R. 892.2080)

Primary Predicate Device:   BriefCase (ICH triage, K203508)


Device Description

BriefCase is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device.       The
software system is based on an algorithm programmed component and consists of a standard offthe-shelf operating system, the Microsoft Windows server 2012 64bit, and additional applications,
which include PostgreSQL, DICOM module and the BriefCase Image Processing Application. The
device consists of the following three modules: (1) Aidoc Hospital Server (AHS/Orchestrator) for
image acquisition; (2) Aidoc Cloud Server (ACS) for image processing; and (3) Aidoc Desktop
Application for workflow integration.

DICOM images are received, saved, filtered and de-identified before processing.   Filtration
matches metadata fields with keywords. Series are processed chronologically by running the
algorithms on each series to detect suspected cases. The software then flags suspect cases by
sending notifications to the desktop application, thereby facilitating triage and prioritization by the
user. As the BriefCase software platform harbors several triage algorithms, the user may opt to
filter out notifications by pathology, e.g., a chest radiologist may choose to filter out alerts on ICH
cases, and a neuro-radiologist would opt to divert PE alerts. Where several medical centers are
linked to a shared PACS, a user may read cases for a certain center but not for another, and thus
may opt to filter out alerts by center. Activating the filter does not impact the order in which
notifications are presented in the Aidoc desktop application.

The desktop application feed displays all incoming suspect cases, each notified case in a line.
Hovering over a line in the feed pops up a compressed, low-quality, grayscale, unannotated image
that is captioned “not for diagnostic use” and is displayed as a preview function. This compressed
preview is meant for informational purposes only, does not contain any marking of the findings,
and is not intended for primary diagnosis beyond notification.

Presenting the users with worklist prioritization facilitates earlier triage by prompting the user to
assess the relevant original images in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention earlier
than would have been the case in the standard of care practice alone.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the
analysis of non-enhanced head CT images in adults or transitional adolescents aged 18 and older.
The device is intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained medical specialists in
workflow triage by flagging and communication of suspected positive findings of Intracranial
hemorrhage (ICH) pathologies.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with
detected findings on a standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care
image interpretation. The user is presented with notification for cases with suspected findings.
Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only
and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original
medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and
based on their professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified
clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The subject BriefCase for ICH triage and primary predicate BriefCase for ICH triage (K203508) are
identical in most aspects and differ with respect to their algorithm performance, due to training the
subject device on a larger data set. Additional minor changes have been made to reflect software
and the UI.

Both the primary predicate and subject devices are radiological computer-aided triage and
notification software programs. Both devices are artificial intelligence, deep-learning algorithms
incorporated software packages for use with DICOM 3.0 compliant CT scanners, PACS, and
radiology workstations.

Both devices are intended to aid in triage and prioritization of radiological images and utilize the
same design of deep learning algorithm trained on medical images. Both devices are intended to
provide the specialists with notifications and unannotated low-quality preview images of suspect
studies for the purpose of preemptive triage.

The subject and predicate BriefCase devices raise the same types of safety and effectiveness
questions, namely, accurate detection of findings within the processed study. It is important to note
that, like the predicate, the subject device neither removes cases from the standard of care reading
queue nor deprioritized cases. Both devices operate in parallel with the standard of care, which
remains the default option for all cases. A table comparing the key features of the subject and the
primary predicate devices is provided below.


                           Table 1. Key feature comparison
                            Predicate Device                     Subject Device
                   Aidoc Briefcase for ICH triage        Aidoc Briefcase for ICH triage
                             (K203508)

Intended Use  /  BriefCase  is a radiological computer  BriefCase is a  radiological computer
Indications   for  aided triage and notification software  aided triage and notification software
Use              indicated for use in the analysis of non-  indicated for use in the analysis of nonenhanced head CT images. The device  enhanced head CT images in adults or
                      is intended to assist hospital networks   transitional adolescents aged 18 and
              and  appropriately   trained  medical   older.  The device   is  intended   to
                                                              assist hospital     networks     and                   specialists   in  workflow   triage  by
                                                           appropriately      trained     medical                  flagging   and   communication    of
                                                               specialists in     workflow      triage                suspected    positive    findings    of
                                                  by flagging  and  communication   of                 pathologies in head CT images, namely
                                                    suspected    positive    findings    of
                    Intracranial Hemorrhage (ICH).
                                                                Intracranial    Hemorrhage     (ICH)
                                                           pathologies.
                 BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence
                  algorithm  to  analyze  images  and                                                      BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence
                    highlight cases with detected ICH on a                                                          algorithm  to  analyze  images  and
                 standalone  desktop   application   in                                                                highlight cases with detected findings
                    parallel to the ongoing standard of care                                               on a standalone desktop application in
               image  interpretation.  The  user   is                                                                  parallel to the ongoing standard of care
                presented with notifications for cases  image  interpretation.  The  user   is
                  with    suspected   ICH    findings.  presented    with for   cases    with
                   Notifications    include   compressed  suspected ICH findings. Notifications
                preview images  that are meant  for  include compressed  preview  images
                  informational purposes only and not   that    are    meant for informational
                 intended  for  diagnostic use beyond  purposes only and not intended  for
                     notification. The device does not alter  diagnostic                     use
                 the original medical image and is not  beyond notification. The device does
                 intended to be used as a diagnostic  not  alter the  original medical image
                                               and is not intended to be used as a                  device.
                                                           diagnostic device.
              The results of BriefCase are intended to
                                              The results of BriefCase are intended              be used  in  conjunction  with  other
                                                               to be used in conjunction with other                   patient  information  and  based  on
                                                              patient information and based on their
                  professional judgment, to assist with
                                                           professional judgment, to  assist  with
                     triage/prioritization of medical images.
                                                                    triage/prioritization of medical images.
                   Notified clinicians are responsible for
                                                              Notified clinicians are responsible  for
                 viewing full images per the standard of                                                       viewing full images per the standard of
                  care.                                                           care.

User population  Hospital  networks and  appropriately  Hospital  networks and  appropriately
                  trained medical specialists               trained medical specialists

Anatomical     Head                           Head
region        of
interest
Data           Non-enhanced CT scan of the head or  Non-enhanced CT scan of the head or
acquisition      neck                               neck
protocol
Notification-     Yes                             Yes
only
(/notification

alerts),  parallel
  workflow tool
  Images       DICOM                      DICOM
  format
  Interference     No. No cases are removed from        No. No cases are removed from
  with   standard  Worklist or deprioritized.               desktop app or deprioritized
  workflow
   Inclusion/         Inclusion criteria                         Inclusion criteria
  Exclusion              ●  Non-enhanced head or neck  CT     ●  Non-enhanced head or neck CT
   criteria       for      protocol with a 64-slice scanner or      protocol with a 64-slice scanner or
   clinical               higher.                                   higher.
  performance         ●  Scans   performed   on   adults/     ●  Scans   performed   on   adults/
  testing                transitional adults ≥ 18 years of age.       transitional adults ≥ 18 years of age.
                                 ●  Slice thickness 0.625mm – 5.0mm.      ●  Slice thickness 0.625 mm – 5.0 mm.

                   Exclusion Criteria                      Exclusion Criteria
                                 ●  All  scans   that  are  technically     ●  All  scans   that  are   technically
                       inadequate,    including    motion      inadequate,    including    motion
                            artifacts,  severe  metal  artifacts,       artifacts,  severe  metal  artifacts,
                      suboptimal  bolus  timing  or  an     suboptimal  bolus  timing  or  an
                      inadequate field of view.               inadequate field of view.
  Algorithm           Artificial  intelligence  algorithm  with   Artificial  intelligence  algorithm  with
                  database of images.                  database of images.
  Structure       ● AHS module (image acquisition);    ● AHS module ( image acquisition);
                ● ACS module (image processing));   ● ACS module (image processing));
                ● Aidoc   Worklist   application   for  ● Aidoc  Desktop   application   for
                      workflow integration  (worklist and     workflow      integration     (nonnon-diagnostic Image Viewer).           diagnostic Image Viewer).


Performance Data

Pivotal Study Summary

Aidoc conducted a retrospective, blinded, multicenter, study with the BriefCase software to
evaluate the software’s performance in identifying non-contrast head CT images containing
intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) in 220 cases from 5 US-based clinical sites.

Primary endpoints were sensitivity and specificity with an 80% performance goal. Secondary
endpoints were BriefCase  time-to-notification compared  to  the  predicate  device,  Positive
Predictive Value (PPV), Negative Predictive Value (NPV), Positive Likelihood Ratio (PLR), and
Negative Likelihood Ratio (NLR).

The mean age of patients whose scans were reviewed in the study was 65.1 years, with standard
deviation of 18.8 years. Gender distribution was 49.8% male, and 50.2% female. Race distribution
within the study data patient population was unavailable. None of the potential covariates
demonstrated statistical significance, thus, device performance did not meaningfully interact with
location, gender or age.

Primary Endpoint
Sensitivity and specificity exceeded the 80% performance goal. Sensitivity was 96.15% (95% CI:
90.44%, 98.94%) and specificity was 94.83% (95% CI: 89.08%, 98.08%).

Secondary Endpoint

In addition, the time-to-notification metric observed for the BriefCase software in the three medical
centers was compared to the equivalent metric of the predicate devices.

The BriefCase time-to-notification includes the time to get the DICOM exam, de-identify it, upload
it to the cloud, analyze and send a notification on a positive suspect case back to the desktop
application.

The BriefCase time-to-notification was measured for all True Positive cases (i.e., identified as
positive both by the reviewers as well as the BriefCase device) and is given in Table 2 below. The
Table also displays the same metric reported for the predicate BriefCase ICH.

The time-to-notification results obtained for the subject BriefCase device show comparability with
the primary predicate with regard to time savings to the standard of care review.

                Table 2. Time-to- notification comparison for BriefCase devices


      Time -to-notification   Mean  95% Lower 95% Upper   Median      IQR
                           Estimate    CL      CL
             (in seconds)

                            267.6     246.0      289.8       N/A        N/A
       Predicate K203508
        Processing Time

                             33.5       30.9       36.1        30.4        20.2
       BriefCase Time-tonotification


NPV was 99.29% (95% CI: 98.16% - 99.73%) and PPV was 76.64% (95% CI: 60.06% - 87.74%).

PLR was 18.59 (95% CI: 8.52 - 40.56) and NLR was 0.04 (95% CI: 0.02 - 0.11)

Thus, the reported similar time-to-notification data demonstrates that when using the subject
BriefCase for ICH triage the clinician may have the same benefit in time saving as with the
predicate BriefCase for ICH triage.

In summary, performance goals were achieved. The time-to-notification results for the proposed
device are comparable to the results for the predicate, demonstrating preemptive triage in the
range of several minutes.

Conclusions

The subject BriefCase for ICH triage and the predicate BriefCase for ICH triage are intended to aid
in prioritization and triage of radiological images for the indications for suspected positive findings

of Intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) pathologies. Both devices are software packages with the same
technological characteristics and principles of operation, incorporating deep learning AI algorithms
that process images, and software to send notifications and display unannotated compressed lowquality preview images. In both devices, the labeling clearly states that the devices are not for
diagnostic use and instructs the user to further evaluate and diagnose based only on the original
images in the local PACS.

Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not
change the original image, do not provide any marking on the output preview, do not remove
images from the standard of care FIFO queue and do not de-prioritize cases, thus not disturbing
standard interpretation of the images. Both devices notify the radiologist of time-sensitive critical
cases within the range of several minutes, and thus contribute similarly to the standard of care
workflow turnaround time reduction through preemptive triage.

The subject BriefCase device for ICH triage is thus substantially equivalent to the primary predicate
BriefCase for ICH.