Viz.ai, Inc.
℅ Vi Ma
Regulatory Affair Specialist
201 Mission Street, 12th Floor
SAN FRANCISCO CA 94105
                                                               August 29, 2022
Re: K221100
    Trade/Device Name: Viz RV/LV
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: August 4, 2022
    Received: August 5, 2022

Dear Vi Ma:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K221100 - Vi Ma                                                                 Page     2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Imaging Devices
                                           and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                Food and Drug Administration                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                             See PRA Statement below           Indications for Use


510(k) Number (if known)
K221100
Device Name

Viz RV/LV
Indications for Use (Describe)

The Viz RV/LV Software device is designed to measure the maximal diameters of the right and left
ventricles of the heart from a volumetric CTPA acquisition and report the ratio of those measurements.
Viz RV/LV analyzes cases using an  artificial intelligence algorithm to identify the location and
measurements of the ventricles. The Viz RV/LV software provides the user with annotated images
showing ventricular measurements. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for
clinical decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CTPA cases.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                         Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)                       Use (21 CFR 801                ☒Prescription                                   ☐Over-The-Counter                Subpart C)
                  CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

              This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
     *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per
         response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather
        and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send
        comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection,
          including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health
                                     and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug
                                             Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction
                                           Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
      “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                         information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


                                                 Page 1

510(k) SUMMARY-K221100
                                              Viz.ai, Inc.’s Viz RV/LV

Applicant Name:      Viz.ai, Inc.
                  201 Mission Street, 12th Floor
                 San Francisco, CA 94105

Contact Person:      Vi Ma
                     Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                  201 Mission Street, 12th Floor
                 San Francisco, CA 94105
                        Tel. (415) 663-6130
                      vi.ma@viz.ai

Date Prepared:      August 24, 2022

Device Name and Classification

       Name of Device:  Viz RV/LV

 Common or Usual Name:  Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
       Classification Panel:  Radiology
           Regulation No:  21 C.F.R. § 892.2050
        Regulatory Class:  Class II
           Product Code:  QIH

Predicate Device

              Manufacturer              Device Name              Application No.
                   Imbio               Imbio RV/LV Software            K203256


Device Description
The Viz RV/LV is a software-only device that uses a locked artificial intelligence machine learning
(AI/ML) algorithm to measure the maximal diameters of the right and left ventricles of the heart from a
computed tomography pulmonary angiogram (CTPA) and report the ratio of those measurements.
Viz RV/LV produces an Annotated Image Series (Figure 1) and an RV/LV Summary Report (Figure
2) in DICOM format. The Annotated Image Series shows an RGB overlay on each slice of the input
scan:
    •  The red and blue solid lines indicate the maximum ventricular diameter for each ventricle.
    •  The dashed line indicates a diameter measured on a slice that is within 10 slices of the global
      maximum ventricular diameter.


                                     Page 1

•  The interventricular septum is marked in solid green on all images where diameters are
      marked.
   •  The maximal diameter is presented along with solid lines on slices with global maximum
       diameter.


                            Figure 1: Annotated Image Series


                            Figure 2: RV/LV Summary Report
 The RV/LV Summary Report summarizes the results of the ventricle analysis and shows the slices
with the maximum right and left ventricular diameters. The lines measuring the maximum RV and LV

                                     Page 2

diameters are displayed over the original CTPA slice image, along with the lengths of the largest RV
and LV diameters, and the RV/LV ratio.
Viz RV/LV is hosted on Viz.ai’s Backend Server and analyzes applicable CTPA scans that are
acquired on CT scanners and are forwarded to Viz.ai’s Backend Server. The results of the analysis
are exported in DICOM format are sent to a PACS destination for review by thoracic radiologists,
general  radiologists, pulmonologists, cardiologists, or other similar physicians to assist  in the
assessment of right ventricle enlargement. The basic principle of operations is outlined in Figure 3
below.


                            Figure 3. Data and Event Workflow


Intended Use / Indications for Use

Viz.ai RV/LV software and the predicate device, Imbio RV/LV software (K203256), are Medical Image
Management and Processing System software intended to calculate of the ratio of right ventricular
diameter to left ventricular diameter from contrast enhanced CT images of the chest acquired using a
standard CT pulmonary angiogram acquisition.

Viz RV/LV has the following indications for use:

       The Viz RV/LV Software device is designed to measure the maximal diameters of the right
       and left ventricles of the heart from a volumetric CTPA acquisition and report the ratio of those
       measurements. Viz RV/LV analyzes cases using an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify
        the location and measurements of the ventricles. The Viz RV/LV software provides the user
         with annotated images showing ventricular measurements. Its results are not intended to be
       used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical
       assessment of CTPA cases.


The predicate device, Imbio RV/LV Software (K203256), has the following indications use:
      The Imbio RV/LV Software device is designed to measure the maximal diameters of
       the right and left ventricles of the heart from a volumetric CTPA acquisition and report
       the ratio of those measurements. RV/LV analyzes cases using an artificial intelligence
        algorithm to identify the location and measurements of the ventricles. The RV/LV

                                     Page 3

software provides the user with annotated images showing ventricular measurements.
          Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decisionmaking or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CTPA cases.
In comparing the intended use and indications for use of Viz RV/LV and the predicate device, Viz
RV/LV has the same intended use as its predicate device.
A substantial equivalence chart (Table 1) comparing the subject device, Viz RV/LV, and the predicate,
the Imbio RV/LV software, is provided below:
                    Table 1 Technological Characteristic Comparison
                              Predicate Device                         Subject Device
                          Imbio RV/LV Software                           Viz RV/LV
 Device Class                      2                                    2
 Product Code                    QIH                                QIH

 Regulation                         21 C.F.R. § 892.2050                    21 C.F.R. § 892.2050 Number:

 Indications for    The Imbio RV/LV Software device is       The Viz RV/LV Software device is
 Use:             designed to measure the maximal          designed to measure the maximal
                   diameters of the right and left ventricles of    diameters of the right and left ventricles of
                    the heart from a volumetric CTPA            the heart from a volumetric CTPA
                     acquisition and report the ratio of those       acquisition and report the ratio of those
                 measurements. RV/LV analyzes cases      measurements. Viz RV/LV analyzes cases
                   using an artificial intelligence algorithm to    using an artificial intelligence algorithm to
                       identify the location and measurements of     identify the location and measurements of
                    the ventricles. The RV/LV software           the ventricles. The Viz RV/LV software
                   provides the user with annotated images     provides the user with annotated images
                  showing ventricular measurements. Its      showing ventricular measurements. Its
                      results are not intended to be used on a      results are not intended to be used on a
                   stand-alone basis for clinical decision-       stand-alone basis for clinical decisionmaking or otherwise preclude clinical       making or otherwise preclude clinical
                 assessment of CTPA cases.              assessment of CTPA cases.
 Input Data          Non-gated, CT Pulmonary Angiography                                                            Same Requirements:                   (CTPA)
 DICOM                                Yes                             Same Compliant
  Left Ventricle                                Yes                             Same Segmentation
 Right Ventricle                                Yes                             Same Segmentation
 Diameter                          Yes – Automated                        Same Measurements
 Fully automated                                Yes                             Same segmentation
                       Reports, DICOM Secondary Capture Outputs                                                     Same                                      Series


                                     Page 4

Performance Data

Clinical testing was performed as a study comparing the Viz RV/LV’s output to the ground truth as
established by trained radiologists. There was a high degree of agreement between the different
trained radiologist as demonstrated by statical analysis. The study demonstrated that the MAE
(Mean absolute error) was less than 7.2 mm between the algorithm and the established ground
truth, which was aligned with the performance goal.

Additional statistical analysis was performed to describe the degree of agreement between the
ventricle diameters measured by the RV/LV algorithm in comparison to the measurements that were
obtained  manually. The  algorithm’s  ventricle  diameter measurements were  aligned when
compared against the measurements that were obtained manually.

Stratification of device performance was divided by clinical site, gender, age, slice thickness, scanner
manufacture and model.

The 4 clinical sites used in the pivotal study were a subset of a larger 13 sites used as part of
the training data set. There was no overlapping data between the training sets and the pivotal study
in terms of time and patient images.

Conclusions

A comparison of intended use and technological characteristics, along with clinical performance data,
demonstrated that the device is as safe and effective as the previously cleared Imbio RV/LV software
(K203256). Thus, Viz RV/LV is substantially equivalent to Imbio RV/LV.
.


                                     Page 5