October 6, 2022
Hologic, Inc.
℅ Deborah Thomas
Senior Principal Regulatory Affairs
250 Campus Drive
MARLBOROUGH MA 01730

Re: K221449
    Trade/Device Name: Genius AI Detection 2.0
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2090
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer assisted detection and diagnosis software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QDQ
    Dated: August 24, 2022
    Received: August 25, 2022

Dear Deborah Thomas:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K221449 - Deborah Thomas                                                            Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                  Yanna S. Kang -S

                                  Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                          and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K221449

Device Name
Genius AI Detection 2.0


Indications for Use (Describe)
Genius AI Detection is a computer-aided detection and diagnosis (CADe/CADx) software device intended to be used with
compatible digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT) systems to identify and mark regions of interest including soft tissue
densities (masses, architectural distortions and asymmetries) and calcifications in DBT exams from compatible DBT
systems and provide confidence scores that offer assessment for Certainty of Findings and a Case Score. The device
intends to aid in the interpretation of digital breast tomosynthesis exams in a concurrent fashion, where the interpreting
physician confirms or dismisses the findings during the reading of the exam.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Hologic, Inc. 510(k) Pre-Market Notification
                                                                            Genius AI Detection 2.0
  K221449
                     Traditional 510(k)
                  Summary


This 510(k) Summary is submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR Part 807.92

Date Prepared:                  October 06, 2022

Manufacturer:                      Hologic, Inc.
                              36 Apple Ridge Road
                                Danbury, CT 06810 USA

Establishment Registration #:      1220984

Contact Person:                 Deborah Thomas
                                   Senior Principal Regulatory Affairs
                                      P: 508.210.6107

Identification of the Device:
Proprietary/Trade Name:          Genius AI Detection 2.0
Classification Name:                 Radiological Computer Assisted Detection/Diagnosis
                                  Software for Lesions Suspicious For Cancer
Regulatory Number:             21 CFR 892.2090
Product Code:              QDQ
Device Class:                        Class II
Review Panel:                     Radiology

Identification of the Legally Marketed Predicate Device:
Trade Name:                     Genius AI Detection
Classification Name:                 Radiological Computer Assisted
Detection/Diagnosis
                                 Software for Lesions Suspicious For Cancer
Regulatory Number:             21 CFR 892.2090
Product Code:              QDQ
Device Class:                        Class II
Review Panel:                     Radiology
Submitter/510(k) Holder:            Hologic, Inc.
Clearance:                     K201019 (cleared November 18, 2020)

Device Description:
Genius AI Detection  is a software device intended to identify potential abnormalities in breast
tomosynthesis images. Genius AI Detection analyzes each standard mammographic view in a digital
breast tomosynthesis examination using deep learning networks. For each detected lesion, Genius AI

                                                                                          1

Hologic, Inc. 510(k) Pre-Market Notification
                                                                            Genius AI Detection 2.0

Detection produces CAD results that include the location of the lesion, an outline of the lesion and a
confidence score for that lesion. Genius AI Detection also produces a case score for the entire
tomosynthesis exam.


Genius AI Detection packages  all CAD findings derived from the corresponding analysis of a
tomosynthesis exam into a DICOM Mammography CAD SR object and distributes it for display on DICOM
compliant review workstations. The interpreting physician will have access to the CAD findings
concurrently to the reading of the tomosynthesis exam. In addition, a combination of peripheral
information such as number of marks and case scores may be used on the review workstation to enhance
the interpreting physician’s workflow by offering a better organization of the patient worklist.

Indications for Use:
Genius AI Detection is a computer-aided detection and diagnosis (CADe/CADx) software device intended
to be used with compatible digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT) systems to identify and mark regions of
interest including soft tissue densities (masses, architectural distortions and asymmetries) and
calcifications in DBT exams from compatible DBT systems and provide confidence scores that offer
assessment for Certainty of Findings and a Case Score. The device intends to aid in the interpretation
of digital breast tomosynthesis exams in a concurrent fashion, where the interpreting physician
confirms or dismisses the findings during the reading of the exam.


Standards:
   •  IEC 62304: 2015 – Medical device software – Software Life Cycle Processes (#13-79)
   •  ISO 14971: 2012 – Medical devices – Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices
   •  DEN180005 Evaluation of automatic class III designation for OsteoDetect – Decision
      summary with special controls.

FDA Guidance Documents:
   •  Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for
       Software Contained in Medical Devices (Issued on May 11, 2005)
   •  Computer-Assisted Detection Devices Applied to Radiology Images and Radiology Device Data –
      Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submissions (Issued on July 3, 2012)
   •  Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Clinical Performance Assessment: Considerations for
       Computer-Assisted Detection Devices Applied to Radiology Images and Radiology Device Data -
      Premarket Approval (PMA) and Premarket Notification [510(k)] Submissions (Issued on January
       22, 2020)
   •   “Off-the-Shelf Software Use in Medical Devices,” issued on September 9, 1999
   •   “Content of Premarket Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices”
        issued on October 2, 2014.


                                                                                          2

Hologic, Inc. 510(k) Pre-Market Notification
                                                                            Genius AI Detection 2.0


Summary of Substantial Equivalence:

 Features and      Subject Device                           Predicate Device         Difference and
 Characteristics     Hologic, Inc.                              Hologic, Inc.           comments
                  Genius AI Detection 2.0                 Genius AI Detection

 510(k) Number    Pending                            K201019

 Regulation       21 CFR 892.2090 /                   Same                N/A
 Number/Name    Radiological Computer Assisted Detection
                 and Diagnosis Software

 Product Code    QDQ                            Same                N/A

 Regulation      A radiological computer assisted        Same               N/A
 Description        detection and diagnostic software is an
                 image processing device intended to aid
                       in the detection, localization, and
                     characterization of fracture, lesions, or
                   other disease specific findings on
                   acquired medical images (e.g.
                    radiography, MR, CT). The device
                     detects, identifies and characterizes
                      findings based on features or
                   information extracted from images, and
                    provides information about the
                   presence, location, and characteristics
                    of the findings to the user. The analysis
                           is intended to inform the primary
                     diagnostic and patient management
                     decisions that are made by the clinical
                     user. The device is not intended as a
                  replacement for a complete clinician's
                   review or their clinical judgment that
                    takes into account other relevant
                   information from the image or patient
                      history.


                                                                                          3

Hologic, Inc. 510(k) Pre-Market Notification
                                                                           Genius AI Detection 2.0

Indications        Genius AI Detection is a computer-aided  Same                N/A
for Use                   detection and diagnosis (CADe/CADx)
                  software device intended to be used
                  with compatible digital breast
                  tomosynthesis (DBT) systems to identify
                and mark regions of interest including
                     soft tissue densities (masses,
                     architectural distortions and
                  asymmetries) and calcifications in DBT
                exams from compatible DBT systems
                and provide confidence scores that
                     offer assessment for Certainty of
                    Findings and a Case Score.

                The device intends to aid in the
                    interpretation of digital breast
                  tomosynthesis exams in a concurrent
                    fashion, where the interpreting
                    physician confirms or dismisses the
                     findings during the reading of the
                 exam.

Compatible        Hologic Selenia Dimensions            Same                 N/A
DBT                   Hologic 3Dimensions
Systems                  Supports both models in the following
Type of CAD      modes:Radiological computer assisted         Same                N/A
Software         •detectionstandardandresolutiondiagnostic1-mmsoftware.slices
                  •   high resolution 1-mm slices (Clarity
Mode of Action    ImageHD)processing device utilizing        Same                N/A
                machine learning to aid in the                   high resolution 6-mm SmartSlices
                    detection, localization, and
                (3DQuorum)                    characterization of soft tissue densities
                   (masses, architectural distortions and
                  asymmetries) and calcifications in the
             1-mm 3D DBT slices. Findings are coregistered to 6-mm SmartSlices.

Clinical          To inform the primary diagnostic and     Same                N/A
Output                    patient management decisions that
                  are made by the clinical user.

Patient           Symptomatic and asymptomatic        Same                N/A
Population      women undergoing
               mammography

End Users         MQSA-Qualified Interpreting Physicians   Same                N/A
                and Radiologists

Image Source       Digital breast tomosynthesis slices       Same                N/A
Modalities


                                                                                         4

Hologic, Inc. 510(k) Pre-Market Notification
                                                                            Genius AI Detection 2.0

 Output Device     Softcopy Workstation                Same                N/A

 Deployment       Stand-alone computer                Same                N/A

 Method Of Use    Concurrent read                    Same                N/A

 Visualization       Places mark within suspicious lesion by    Same                N/A
 Features           default (Emphasize™; RightOn™) and
                    reports confidence of finding next to each
                      identified lesion in the image. CAD display
               may be toggled on/off. Option to
                    automatically zoom into or contour the
                     suspicious region of interest (PeerView™).


Comparison with Predicate Device:
The Summary of Substantial Equivalence Table above details the similarities and differences between
the Genius AI Detection 2.0 device and its predicate device, Genius AI Detection, K201019. Both the
proposed and predicate devices use the same technology per 21 CFR 892.2090. Both devices aid in
the detection, localization, and characterization of disease specific findings on acquired medical
images. The outputs of both devices serve to augment the interpretation of digital breast
tomosynthesis exams as a concurrent reading tool. The output is used to inform and assist the
interpreting physician, supplementing their clinical expertise and judgment.

Genius AI Detection 2.0 is the follow-up release to the initial launch of the product and provides
better performance both in terms of improved specificity and fewer false positives. Algorithm
enhancements as well as the expanded training data set were used during development of the 2.0
version. These changes do not raise any issues of safety and effectiveness.

Genius AI Detection 2.0 is compatible with the same imaging systems as the predicate device.

Compatible DBT Systems

The following image types have been tested and are compatible with Genius AI Detection 2.0:
     •    Hologic standard resolution tomosynthesis slices (1 mm)
     •    Hologic high resolution tomosynthesis slices (1 mm, Clarity HD)
     •    Hologic high resolution SmartSlices (6 mm, 3DQuorum)

The CAD marks generated by Genius AI Detection 2.0 for the above image types can also be projected
on their corresponding synthesized 2D images, providing that the diagnostic review workstation
supports such a feature similar to the predicate device.


                                                                                          5

Hologic, Inc. 510(k) Pre-Market Notification
                                                                               Genius AI Detection 2.0


  Summary of Updates of Genius AI Detection 2.0
   Genius AI Detection 2.0 has two changes compared to the previously released product aiming to
improve performance, mainly in term of improved specificity, particularly for micro-calcification cancer
detection.

   The first change is an enlarged cancer data set used to train the deep learning AI models. The cancer
database for training and evaluation is enlarged by two-fold. Subsequently, all deep learning AI models
have been retrained on the enlarged dataset.

   The second change in Genius AI Detection 2.0 is the adoption of a more sophisticated Convolutional
Neural Network (CNN) model for the key processing step of calcification cluster classification, replacing
the previously used, simpler conventional Artificial Neural Network (ANN) model. The significantly
expanded dataset made it possible to train this newly introduced more complex neural network model,
and to deliver significantly better performance especially for micro-calcification cancer detection.

In addition, Genius AI Detection 2.0 can now operate directly on processed tomosynthesis
reconstructed slices, instead of first having to process the raw projections to a for presentation 3D
reconstructed volume as it was the case for the previously approved product. This simplifies processing
flow and eliminates the dependency on tomosynthesis raw projection data.

Standalone Performance Testing:
Genius AI Detection 2.0 is a software-only device. The level of concern for the device is determined as
Moderate Level of Concern.
Verification testing consisted of software unit testing, software integration testing and software
system testing. The verification testing showed that the software application satisfied the software
requirements.

Validation testing consisted of determining stand-alone performance of Genius AI Detection 2.0 using a
sequestered dataset of digital breast tomosynthesis exams acquired from multiple centers. This
dataset was not used for training of Genius AI Detection 2.0 and included tomosynthesis exams of
asymptomatic women acquired with Hologic Dimensions 3D Mammography systems.

The sequestered dataset consisted of 764 tomosynthesis exams including 106 biopsy proven cancers,
97 biopsy proven benign cases, 81 recalls and 480 screening negative cases all collected using Hologic’s
Dimensions 3D Mammography systems. The average patient age was 58 years and collected from
multiple sites across the United States. The location for ground truth was determined by a radiology
expert using radiology reports, pathology reports, and diagnostic and post-biopsy images when available.
The truth was verified by another MQSA-qualified, board-certified radiologist to ensure accuracy and
consistency.

To evaluate the performance of Genius AI Detection 2.0 in comparison to its predicate device, a
standalone study was conducted on the sequestered dataset described above. Comparison of
performance between Genius AI Detection 2.0 and its predicate device was conducted using fROC
analysis and by comparing key performance metrics including detection sensitivity, specificity, and rate
of false positive marks per view. The fROC curves demonstrated significant improvement for Genius AI
Detection 2.0 over its predicate device, Genius AI Detection (K201019). The specificity measured at the
operating point of Genius AI Detection 2.0 demonstrated significant increase of 12% as compared to                                                                                            6

Hologic, Inc. 510(k) Pre-Market Notification
                                                                            Genius AI Detection 2.0

the original Genius AI Detection predicate device (McNemar’s p< 0.001), while maintaining the
 sensitivity.

Based on results of the verification and validation tests, it is concluded that the Genius AI Detection
2.0 device is safe and effective in detecting soft tissue lesions and calcification lesions at an
appropriate safety level in tomosynthesis exams acquired with Hologic’s 3D Mammography
systems.

Assessment of Benefit-Risk, Safety and Effectiveness, and Substantial Equivalence:

Risk management is ensured through risk analysis which is used to identify and mitigate potential
hazards. Any potential hazards are controlled via software development, verification, and validation
testing. In addition, device labeling contains instructions for use and any necessary cautions and
warnings to provide for safe and effective use of this device. Hologic finds that the proposed device
has a positive balance in terms of probable benefits vs probable risks and thus may be considered safe
and effective based verification and validation testing.

Conclusion:

Based on the required information submitted in this premarket notification, the proposed Genius AI
Detection 2.0 device has been found to be substantially equivalent to the predicate Genius AI
Detection, K201019. Both devices have the same indications for use and aid in the detection,
localization, and characterization of disease specific findings on acquired medical images. Standalone
performance tests with the updated algorithm demonstrate that Genius AI Detection 2.0 achieves
better detection performance compared to the predicate device. The are no issues of safety and
effectiveness of the proposed Genius AI Detection 2.0 device.


                                                                                          7