Medical Metrics, Inc.
c/o Kirk Johnson
Director of Regulatory and Quality Affairs
2121 Sage Road
HOUSTON, TEXAS 77056                                              October 18, 2022


Re: K221632
    Trade/Device Name: Spine CAMP™
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: September 12, 2022
    Received: September 12, 2022

Dear Kirk Johnson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

K221632 - Kirk Johnson                                                               Page 2


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices and
                                               Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K221632
Device Name
Spine CAMP™
Indications for Use (Describe)
Spine CAMP™ is a fully-automated software that analyzes X-ray images of the spine to produce reports that contain
static and/or motion metrics. Spine CAMP™ can be used to obtain metrics from sagittal plane radiographs of the lumbar
and/or cervical spine and it can be used to visualize intervertebral motion via an image registration method referred to as
“stabilization”. The radiographic metrics can be used to characterize and assess spinal health in accordance with
established guidance. For example, common clinical uses include assessing spinal stability, alignment, degeneration,
fusion, motion preservation, and implant performance. The metrics produced by Spine CAMP™ are intended to be used
to support qualified and licensed professional healthcare practitioners in clinical decision-making for skeletally mature
patients of age 18 and above.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(K) SUMMARY         510(K) # K221632

                       Submitter Information [21 CFR 807.929(a)(1)]
Name                             Medical Metrics, Inc.
Address                        2121 Sage Road, Suite 300
                                  Houston, Texas 77056
Phone number                  +1 713 850-7500
Fax number                    +1 713 850-7527
Establishment Registration
                                 Pending 510(k) clearance and marketing of device
Number
Name of contact person             Kirk Johnson
Date prepared                     17-October-2022
                   Name of the device [21 CFR 807.92(a)(2)]
Trade name                       Spine CAMP™
Classification name              Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Review panel                      Radiology
Regulation Number               892.2050
Product Code                  QIH
Legally marketed device to which
equivalence is claimed          KIMAX QMA® (K022585)
[21 CFR 807.92(a)(3)]
Device description                Spine CAMP™ is a fully-automated image processing software
[21 CFR 807.92(a)(4)]                device.  It  is designed to be used with X-ray images and is
                                    intended to aid medical professionals in the measurement and
                                assessment of spinal parameters. Spine CAMP™ is capable of
                                        calculating distances, angles,  linear displacements, angular
                                    displacements, and mathematical combinations of these metrics
                                         to characterize the morphology, alignment, and motion of the
                                       spine. These analysis results are presented in the form of
                                        reports, annotated images, and visualizations of intervertebral
                                  motion to support their interpretation.
Indications for use                Spine CAMP™ is a fully-automated software that analyzes X-
[21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)]                ray images of the spine to produce reports that contain static
                                    and/or motion metrics. Spine CAMP™ can be used to obtain
                                     metrics from sagittal plane radiographs of the lumbar and/or
                                        cervical spine and  it can be used to visualize intervertebral
                                  motion  via an image  registration method  referred  to as
                                            “stabilization.” The  radiographic  metrics  can be  used  to
                                      characterize and assess  spinal health  in accordance  with
                                     established guidance. For example, common  clinical uses
                                      include assessing  spinal  stability,  alignment,  degeneration,
                                         fusion, motion preservation, and implant performance. The
                                     metrics produced by Spine CAMP™ are intended to be used to
                                    support   qualified  and  licensed   professional  healthcare
                                         practitioners in clinical decision-making for skeletally mature
                                       patients of age 18 and above.
Summary of the technological characteristics of the device compared to the predicate device
[21 CFR 807.92(a)(6)]
         Feature                  Spine CAMP™               KIMAX QMA®
                                    (Subject Device)            (Predicate Device K022585)
Classification Name          Automated Radiological Image    System, Image Processing,
                            Processing Software              Radiological

Product Code               QIH*                        LLZ

                                             * The product code for the predicate
                                device is LLZ. The QIH product
                             code was created subsequent to
                                clearance of the predicate device
                            and appears to be a better match for
                              Spine CAMP™ than LLZ since
                              Spine CAMP™ employs nonadaptive machine learning
                                  algorithms that were trained from
                                data generated by the predicate
                                device to automate the radiological
                             image processing and analysis.
Runs on Server            Yes                         Yes
Image Input             DICOM                          AVI, DICOM, JPEG, TIFF, BMP
Anatomical Area             Spine                            Musculoskeletal (including Spine)
Image Processing             Vertebral body detection;        Landmark specification; rigid body
                               Vertebral body landmark            registration
                                  specification; Vertebral body
                                  registration
Linear Measurements        Yes                         Yes
Angular Measurements       Yes                         Yes
2D Motion Analysis          Yes                         Yes
Image Registration          Yes                         Yes
Display of Image Alignment /  Yes                         Yes
Stabilization
Clinical Reporting           Yes                         Yes
Human Intervention for        Required                       Required
Interpretation
Intended User                Trained professionals             Trained professionals
                              Comparison Summary
Spine CAMP™ is designed to utilize the same analysis methodology as the predicate device, KIMAX
QMA®, except that software operations performed manually in the predicate device software are
automated in Spine CAMP™ through the use of non-adaptive AI models – specifically for lumbar and
cervical spine X-rays. The types of inputs and outputs are identical between the two devices. The data
labels used to train Spine CAMP™’s AI models were derived directly from the KIMAX QMA®
technology. Similarly, substantial equivalence between Spine CAMP™ and the predicate device was
established by directly running the same images through both systems and evaluating the correlation
and statistical equivalence of their outputs.
                         Performance Data [21 CFR 807.92(b)]
Summary of bench tests (non-clinical) conducted for determination of substantial equivalence
[21 CFR 807.92(b)(1)]
Software verification and validation testing was completed to demonstrate functionality of the device
across multiple datasets that had not been used to train any of the AI models and that had ground truth
established directly from the predicate device. Ground-truth results for these validation datasets were
obtained from experienced operators using the predicate device. The software functioned as intended
and all results observed were as expected.

Additional bench testing was performed by evaluating Spine CAMP™’s performance on a large dataset
that was previously analyzed by five experienced operators using the predicate device. This dataset
included 215 lateral cervical spine radiographs and 232 lateral lumbar spine radiographs. Statistical
correlations and  equivalence  tests were performed by  directly comparing  vertebral landmark
coordinates, image calibration, and radiographic metrics between Spine CAMP™ and the predicate
device. This analysis demonstrated correlation and statistical equivalence for all variables evaluated.

Summary of clinical tests conducted for determination of substantial equivalence or of clinical
information [21 CFR 807.92(b)(2)]
This section is not applicable to this submission. Clinical Data are not included.
                        Conclusions drawn [21 CFR 807.92(b)(3)]
Spine CAMP™ is as safe and effective as the predicate device. The subject device has the same
intended use and indications for use as its predicate device. Their technological characteristics and
principles of operations are very similar. The minor differences between the subject and predicate
devices (i.e., methods by which the inputs to the results calculator are produced) do not raise new or
different questions regarding safety and effectiveness when used as labeled. Performance data was
evaluated by providing the same input images to both the subject device and the predicate device and
demonstrated that the outputs were statistically equivalent.