February 24, 2023
Coreline Soft Co.,Ltd.
℅ Hyeyi Park
RA Manager
4,5F(Yeonnam-dong), 49, World Cup buk-ro 6-gil, Mapo-gu
Seoul, 03991
SOUTH KOREA

Re: K221592
    Trade/Device Name: AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: OEB, LLZ
    Dated: January 25, 2023
    Received: January 26, 2023

Dear Hyeyi Park:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K221592 - Hyeyi Park                                                                 Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
              Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Imaging Devices
                                           and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K221592
Device Name
AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD
Indications for Use (Describe)
AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD is a Computer-Aided Detection (CAD) software designed to assist radiologists in the
detection of pulmonary nodules (with diameter 3-20 mm) during the review of CT examinations of the chest for
asymptomatic populations. AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD provides adjunctive information to alert the radiologists to regions
of interest with suspected lung nodules that may otherwise be overlooked. AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD may be used as a
second reader after the radiologist has completed their initial read. The algorithm has been validated using non-contrast
CT images, the majority of which were acquired on Siemens SOMATOM CT series scanners; therefore, limiting device
use to use with Siemens SOMATOM CT series is recommended.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
{| Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (] Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.”
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 ‘PSC Publishing Services (101) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Summary    K221592

1 SUBMITTER

Coreline Soft Co., Ltd.
4,5F (Yeonnam-dong), 49 World Cup buk-ro 6-gil, Mapo-gu, Seoul, 03991, Republic of Korea.


Phone: 82.2.517.7321
Fax: 82.2.571.7324

Contact Person: Hyeyi. Park
Date Prepared: 05.31.2022

2 DEVICE

Name of Device: AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD
Classification Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System.
Classification Panel: Radiology
CFR Section: (21CFR 892.2050)
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: OEB, LLZ

3 PREDICATE DEVICE

Syngo.CT Lung CAD(VD20) by Siemens Healthcare GmbH (K203258)
Name of Device: syngo. CT Lung CAD (VD20)
Classification Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System.
Classification Panel: Radiology
CFR Section: (21CFR 892.2050)
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: OEB


This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.

4 REFERENCE DEVICE

InferRead Lung CT.AI by Beijing Infervision Technology Co., Ltd. (K192880)
Name of Device: InferRead Lung CT.AI
Classification Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System
Classification Panel: Radiology
CFR Section: (21CFR 892.2050)
Regulatory Class: II


                                                                                                                     1

Product Code: OEB, LLZ

AVIEW by Coreline Soft Co., Ltd. (K200714)

Name of Device: AVIEW
Classification Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System
Classification Panel: Radiology
CFR Section: (21CFR 892.2050)
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: LLZ, JAK

All reference devices have not been subject to a design-related recall.

5 DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD is a software product that detects nodules in the lung. The lung nodule detection model
was trained by Deep Convolution Neural Network (CNN) based algorithm from the chest CT image. Automatic
detection of lung nodules of 3 to 20mm in chest CT images. By complying with DICOM standards, this product can be
linked with the Picture Archiving and Communication System (PACS) and provides a separate user interface to provide
functions such as analyzing, identifying, storing, and transmitting quantified values related to lung nodules. The CAD’s
results could be displayed after the user’s first read, and the user could select or de-select the mark provided by the CAD.
The device’s performance was validated with SIEMENS’ SOMATOM series manufacturing. The device is intended to
be used with a cleared AVIEW platform.

6  INDICATIONS FOR USE

AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD is a Computer-Aided Detection (CAD) software designed to assist radiologists in the
detection of pulmonary nodules (with diameter 3-20 mm) during the review of CT examinations of the chest for
asymptomatic populations. AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD provides adjunctive information to alert the radiologists to
regions of interest with suspected lung nodules that may otherwise be overlooked. AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD may be
used as a second reader after the radiologist has completed their initial read. The algorithm has been validated using
non-contrast CT images, the majority of which were acquired on Siemens SOMATOM CT series scanners; therefore,
limiting device use to use with Siemens SOMATOM CT series is recommended.

7 COMPARISION OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH
  THE PREDICATE DEVICE

AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD has the same intended use and the principle of operation and has similar features
to the predicate devices. Snygo.CT Lung CAD (VD20) (K203258). There might be slight differences in
features and menu, but these differences between the predicate device and the proposed device are not so
significant since they do not raise any new or potential safety risks to the user or patient and questions of
safety or effectiveness. Based on the results of software validation and verification tests, we conclude that the
proposed device is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.


                                                                                                                     2

Characteristic      Subject Device       Predicate Device      Reference Device      Reference Device
 Device Name     AVIEW Lung        syngo. CT Lung         InferRead
                                                            AVIEW
                   Nodule CAD      CAD (VD20)        Lung CT.AI
 Classification      Medical Image       Medical Image       Medical Image        Medical Image
   Name       Management and    Management and    Management and     Management and
                 Processing System    Processing System    Processing System     Processing System
  Regulatory      21 CFR 892.2050      21 CFR 892.2050      21 CFR 892.2050      21 CFR 892.2050
  Number
Product Code       OEB, LLZ          OEB            OEB, LLZ           LLZ, JAK
 Review Panel         Radiology             Radiology            Radiology             Radiology
510k Number        K221592            K203258            K192880            K200714
            AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD
            AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD is a Computer-Aided Detection (CAD) software designed to assist
                    radiologists in the detection of pulmonary nodules (with diameter 3-20 mm) during the review of
            CT examinations of the chest for asymptomatic populations. AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD provides
                   adjunctive information to alert the radiologists to regions of interest with suspected lung nodules
                     that may otherwise be overlooked. AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD may be used as a second reader
                     after the radiologist has completed their initial read. The algorithm has been validated using noncontrast CT images, the majority of which were acquired on Siemens SOMATOM CT series
                   scanners;  therefore,  limiting device use  to use with Siemens SOMATOM CT  series  is
                recommended.
                 syngo. CT Lung CAD (VD20)
               The syngo. CT Lung CAD device is a Computer-Aided Detection (CAD) tool designed to assist
                    radiologists in the detection of solid and subsolid (part-solid and ground glass) pulmonary nodules
                  during review of multi-detector computed tomography (MDCT) from multivendor examinations
                   of the chest. The software is an adjunctive tool to alert the radiologist to regions of interest (ROI)
                     that may otherwise be overlooked.
               The syngo. CT Lung CAD device may be used as a concurrent first reader followed by a full
                 review of the case by the radiologist or as second reader after the radiologist has completed his/her
                       initial read.
Indications for   The software device is an algorithm which does not have its own user interface component for
     use         displaying of CAD marks.
               The Hosting Application incorporating syngo. CT Lung CAD is responsible for implementing a
                   user interface.
                InferRead Lung CT.AI
                  lnferRead Lung CT.AI is comprised of computer-assisted reading tools designed to aid the
                    radiologist in the detection of pulmonary nodules during the review of CT examinations of the
                   chest on an asymptomatic population. Infer Read Lung CT.AI requires that both lungs be in the
                     field of view. lnferRead Lung CT.AI provides adjunctive information and is not intended to be
                 used without the original CT series.
            AVIEW
            AVIEW provides CT values for pulmonary tissue from CT thoracic and cardiac datasets. This
                  software could be used to support the physician quantitatively in the diagnosis, follow up
                   evaluation and documentation of CT lung tissue images by providing image segmentation of substructures in lung, lobe, airways and cardiac, registration of inspiration and expiration which could
                  analyze  quantitative  information  such  as  air  trapping  volume,  air  trapped  index,  and
                    inspiration/expiration  ratio. And, volumetric and structure analysis, density evaluation and
                   reporting tools. AVIEW is also used to store, transfer, inquire and display CT data set on premise
                and as cloud environment as well to allow users to connect by various environment such as mobile
                  devices and chrome browser. Characterizing nodules in the lung in a single study, or over the time
                  course of several thoracic studies. Characterizations include nodule type, location of the nodule


                                                                                                                   3

and measurements such as size (major axis, minor axis), estimated effective diameter from the
              volume of the nodule, volume of the nodule, Mean HU(the average value of the CT pixel inside
                 the nodule in HU), Minimum HU, Max HU, mass(mass calculated from the CT pixel value), and
                volumetric measures(Solid major; length of the longest diameter measured in 3D for solid portion
                 of the nodule, Solid 2nd Major: The length of the longest diameter of the solid part, measured in
                  sections perpendicular to the Major axis of the solid portion of the nodule), VDT (Volume doubling
                  time), and Lung-RADS (classification proposed to aid with findings). The system automatically
                performs the measurement, allowing lung nodules and measurements to be displayed and, integrate
                with FDA certified Mevis CAD (Computer aided detection) (K043617). It also provides CAC
                  analysis by segmentation of four main artery (right coronary artery, left main coronary, left anterior
                descending and left circumflex artery then extracts calcium on coronary artery to provide Agatston
                  score, volume score and mass score by whole and each segmented artery type. Based on the score,
                provides CAC risk based on age and gender.
           AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD
              The AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD is a software product that detects nodules in the lung. The lung
                nodule detection model was trained by Deep Convolution Neural Network (CNN) based algorithm
               from the chest CT image. Automatic detection of lung nodules of 3 to 20mm in chest CT images.
            By complying with DICOM standards, this product can be linked with the Picture Archiving and
              Communication System (PACS) and provides a separate user interface to provide functions such
                 as analyzing, identifying, storing, and transmitting quantified values related to lung nodules. The
             CAD’s results could be displayed after the user’s first read, and the user could select or de-select
                 the mark provided by the CAD. The device’s performance was validated with SIEMENS’
          SOMATOM series manufacturing. The device is intended to be used with a cleared AVIEW
                 platform.
                syngo. CT Lung CAD (VD20)
              Simens Healthcare GmbH intends to market the syngo. CT Lung CAD which is a medical device
                   that is designed to perform CAD processing in thoracic CT examinations for the detection of solid
               pulmonary nodules (between 3.0 mm and 30.0mm) and subsolid (part-solid and ground glass)
                nodules (between 5.0mm and 30.0mm) in average diameter. The device processes image acquired
                with multi-detector CT scanners with 16 or more detector rows.
              The syngo. CT Lung CAD device supports the full range of nodule locations (central, pe-ripheral)
               and contours (round, irregular).
  General
              The syngo. CT Lung CAD sends a list of nodule candidate locations to a visualization application,
Description
               such as syngo MM Oncology, or a visualization rendering component, which
                 generates output images series with the CAD marks superimposed on the input thoracic CT images
                  to enable the radiologist’s review. syngo MM Oncology (FDA clearance k191309) is deployed on
                 the syngo.via platform (FDA clearance k191040), which provides a common framework for
                 various other applications implementing specific clinical workflows (but are not part of this
                 clearance) to display the CAD marks. The syngo. CT Lung CAD device may be used either as a
                 concurrent first reader, followed by a review of the case, or as a second reader only after the initial
                read is completed
              The subject device and predicate device have the same basic technical characteristics. This does
                 not introduce new types of safety or effectiveness concerns as demonstrated by the statistical
                 analyses and results of the reader study and additional evaluations results documented in the
                    Statistical Analysis.
               InferRead Lung CT.AI
                InferRead Lung CT.AI uses the Browser/Server architecture and is provided as Software as a
                 Service (SaaS) via a URL. The system integrates algorithm logic and database in the same server
                  to ensure the simplicity of the system and the convenience of system maintenance. The server is
                 able to accept chest CT images from a PACS system, Radiological Information System (RIS
                system) or directly from a CT scanner, analyze the images and provide output annotations
                 regarding lung nodules. Users are then able to use an existing PACS system to view the annotations


                                                                                                                 4

on their workstations. Dedicated servers can be located at hospitals and are directly.
                 connected to the hospital networks. The software consists of 4 modules which are Image reception
                 (Docking Toolbox), Image predictive processing (DLServer), Image storage (RePACS) and Image
                   display (NeoViewer).
            AVIEW
               The AVIEW is a software product which can be installed on a PC. It shows images taken with the
                    interface from various storage devices using DICOM 3.0 which  is the  digital image and
                communication standard in medicine. It also offers functions such as reading, manipulation,
                   analyzing, post-processing, saving, and sending images by using the software tools. And is
                  intended for use as diagnostic patient imaging which is intended for the review and analysis of CT
                   scanning. Provides following features as semi-automatic nodule management, maximal plane
                  measure, 3D measures and columetric measures, automatic nodule detection by integration with
                       3rd party CAD. Also provides Brocks model which calculated the malignancy score based on
                  numerical  or Boolean  inputs. Follow up  support with automated nodule matching and
                   automatically categorize Lung-RADS score which  is a quality assurance tool designed to
                   standardize lung cancer screening CT reporting and management recommendations that is based
                on type, size, size change and other findings that is reported. It also automatically analyzes
                  coronary artery calcification which support user to detect cardiovascular disease in early stage and
                  reduce the burden of medical.
                                          Solid  and   subsolid
                                               (part-solid       and
                pulmonary nodules in  ground-glass)            solid      pulmonary
   Detection
                   non-contrast chest CT  pulmonary nodules in  nodules in diagnostic                -
    target(s)
                    acquisitions            screening        and  chest CT acquistions
                                           diagnostic  chest CT
                                              acquisitions.
                                     Diameter:
                                                           solid ≥ 3mm and
                Diameter:
                             ≤30mm                          Pulmanoary
                    nodules ≥  3 mm      Subsolid     (part-  Solid   nodules  ≥
                                                solid  and  ground                  and <20 mm                    3mm and 10mm and   Nodule
                 Locations:                 glass) ≥ 5mm and ≤   full   rande,   central,                -Characteristics
                           Full range: central,   30mm                peripheral     round.
                      peripheral           Locations:              irregular
                Contours:                    Full range: central,
                           round, irregular                                              peripheral
                                     Contours:
                                         round, irregular
 Image format       DICOM          DICOM          DICOM          DICOM
   Hosting
                AVIEW               syngo.via                        -                             -
   Platform
   Hosting
               AVIEW LCS      Syngo MM Oncology                -                             -
  Application


                                                                                                                   5

DICOM GSPS
                                           Generates output
                   (Grayscale Softcopy
                                      images series with the
                     Presentation State)
                            CAD makrs
           XML (Coordinate of
   Outputs                                superimposed.                     -                             -
                     detected nodules)
                                      Able to view results
                 Able to view results
                                      syngo MM Oncology
                on AVIEW, AVIEW
                                            viewer page.
               LCS viewer page
 Type of Scans         CT              CT              CT              CT
                Scanners            Scanners
                Siemens SOMATOM  Multi-vendor     and
            CT Scanners            multi-detector   CT
                                                                                                -                             -
                              (MDCT)     scanners
                                        (Siemens, GE, Philips,
                                     and Toshiba)

                 Detector rows         Detector rows
                 16 or more detector   16 or more detector
                       rows         rows


                 Voltage              Voltage
                   100~140 kVp     100~140 kVp


               Exposure            Exposure
                     None        None


Input scanning
                 Collimation           Collimation  parameters
              1mm or less    1mm or less

                    Slice Thickness         Slice Thickness
              Up to and including  Up  to and including
                   2.5mm, it is      2.5mm,         it       is
                 recommended that   recommended     that
               <=1.25mm be used   <=1.25mm be used for
                      for the detection of    the    detection    of
                   smaller nodules (e.g.,   smaller nodules (e.g.,
                     4.0mm)       3.0mm)
                    Slice Overlap           Slice Overlap
              0~50%            0~50%
                  Note: Reconstruction   Note: Reconstruction
                    overlap is allowed,    overlap is allowed,
                     but gaps are not     but gaps are not
                        permitted        permitted

             Number of images    Number of images
                     None        None


                                                                                                                   6

Kernel              Kernel
Consistent       with  Consistent       with
thoracic CT protocols  thoracic CT protocols
and in line with patient  and in line with patient
safety      guidelines.  safety      guidelines.
Kernels were grouped  Kernels were grouped
as  to  their  profile.  as  to  their  profile.
Typical       kernels  Typical        kernels
validated by the reader  validated by the reader
study were:            study were:
Smooth:   B,   B30f,  Smooth:   B,   B30f,
Standard, FC10         Standard, FC10.
Medium:  C,  B45f,  Medium:  C   B45f,
Br49d,  B50f,   I50f,  B50f,  Lung,  FC50,
Br60f,  Lung,  FC50,  FC51,     Bv49d_2,
FC51                   I50f_2, B60f.
Sharp: D, B70f, I70f,  Sharp: D, B70f, Bone,
B80s, I80s, Bone      FC52

Contrast             Contrast
None              None

Dose
                   Dose
Consistent       with
                        Consistent       with
thoracic CT protocols
                         thoracic CT protocols
and in line with patient
                     and in line with patient
safety guidelines.
                         safety guidelines.
Typical  values   are:
                       Typical  values   are:
CTDIvol < 8.0 mGy
                   CTDIvol < 8.0 mGy
(milligray)          in
                         (milligray)          in
diagnostic   protocols
                        diagnostic   protocols
and
                     and
CTDIvol  of  =  3.0
                   CTDIvol of = 3.0 mGy
mGy   in   screening
                         in screening protocols.
protocols.
                     These   values    are
These   values   are
                       defined for standard
defined for standard
                        sized patient—5  ft 7
sized patient—5  ft 7
                               in., 154 lb (170
in., 154 lb (170
                    cm, 70 kg)—based on
cm, 70 kg)—based on
                      a 32-cm reference
a 32-cm reference
                    phantom        with
phantom        with
                        appropriate reductions
appropriate reductions
                         in
in
                   CTDIvol  for  smaller
CTDIvol  for  smaller
                          patients         and
patients         and
                        appropriate
appropriate
                        increases in CTDIvol
 increases in CTDIvol
                          for larger patients.
  for larger patients.


                                                                                               7

8 PERFORMANCE DATA

8.1 Clinical performance evaluation

A HIPAA-compliant multi-case, multi-reader, retrospective study design was utilized. An image viewer without or with
AI algorithms, AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD program, for lung nodule detection and measurement were used for chest
CT reads. Three dedicated chest radiologists with at least ten years of experience determined the ground truth using a
dataset of 151 Chest CTs with 103 negative controls and 48 cases with one or more lung nodules. All lung nodules were
segmented in 3D. In a blinded fashion, eleven board-certified radiologists interpreted the same cases unassisted,
followed by AI assistance after randomization and a 4-week washout period. Data were analyzed in a random reader,
random case context, and one-sided tests at the 5% significance level, and 95% confidence intervals were constructed
for all estimates. Reading time analyses were performed with mixed-effect Gaussian regression with a fixed effect for
AI assistance and with clustering at the reader level. Post estimation marginal estimates were calculated for unassisted
versus assisted read times.
The multi-reader multi-case demonstrated that aided radiologist performance for lung nodule detection was improved
with statistical significance compared to unaided. Reading time was decreased when AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD aided
radiologists. Also, both incidental and screening populations was included on the test dataset. We have performed
subgroup analyses for several key subgroups to demonstrate generalizability. This includes assessment of performance
for challenging and/or confounding cases.
  ◼  Performance Testing Results
         1.  Overall unaided/aider reader performacne comparison
                      Unaided            Aided                 Difference in point estimate
        AUC       0.73 (0.66 – 0.79)     0.92 (0.89 – 0.95)     0.19
              Sensitivity  0.68 (0.62 – 0.73)     0.91 (0.89 – 0.94)     0.23
            FP/scan     0.48 (0.28 – 0.69)     0.28 (0.15 – 0.42)     0.24


8.1.1 Test Report

    •    Clinical Study Report for AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD

8.2 Software Verification and Validation

Verification, validation, and testing activities were conducted to establish the performance, functionality and
reliability characteristics of the modified devices. The device passed all of the tests based on pre-determined
Pass/Fail criteria.


8.2.1 System Test

        In accordance with the document ‘integration Test Cases’ discussed in advance by the software development
       team and test team, the test is conducted by installing software to hardware with recommended system
        specifications. Despite the Test case recognized in advance was not in existence. New software error discovered
      by the ‘Exploratory Test’ conducted by the test team will be registered and managed as a new test case after
        discussion between the development team and test team.
       Discovered software errors will be classified into 3 categories as severity and managed.
         ✓  Major defects are impacting the product’s intended use and no workaround is available.


                                                                                                                     8

✓  Moderate defects, which are typically related to user interface or general quality of product, while
                   workaround is available.
         ✓  Minor defects, which are not impacting the product’s intended use. Not significant.
       Success standard of System Test is not finding ‘Major’, ‘Moderate’ defect.
8.2.2   Performance Test

    •  DICOM Test Report
    •   Performance Test Report
    •  DICOM Conformance Statement
    •   Thin Cient Server Compatibility Test Report
    •  AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD Integration Test Report
    •   Standalone study for AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD
     ➢  The standalone study of AI-based lung nodule detection software compared to ground truth was evaluated
            with sensitivity, specificity, ROC, and FROC. We consider that the software performs successfully when
             the sensitivity for lung nodule detection performance at the patient level and nodule level exceeds 0.8 and
             the specificity exceeds 0.6, the ROC AUC for lung nodule detection performance exceeds 0.8 and the
               sensitivity for lung nodule detection performance exceeds 0.8 in false positive (FP)/scan < 2. Dataset are
              collected from three geographically distinct US clinical sites. The total number of data is 282 (140 cases
            with nodule data and 142 cases without nodule data). All datasets were built with images of U.S, and by
             gender, there were 132 males and 150 females. We validated this test by purchasing anonymized medical
              data. So, any data used for AI training or internal validation was not used for this test. Also, both incidental
           and screening populations was included on the test dataset. We have performed subgroup analyses for
             several key subgroups to demonstrate generalizability. This includes assessment of performance for
             challenging and/or confounding cases.
        Performance Testing Results
                   1.  Overall AUC (with CI): 0.961(0.939-0.983)
                   2.  Overall Sensitivity (with CI): 0.907(0.846-0.95)
                   3.  Overall Specificity (with CI): 0.704(0.622-0.778)
                   4.  Overall sensitivity (with CI) at FP/scan<2: 0.889(0.849-0.93) at FP/scan=0.504


9 CONCLUSIONS

The new device and predicate device are substantially equivalent in the areas of technical characteristics,
general functions, application, and intended use. The new device does not introduce a fundamentally new
scientific technology, and the clinical tests demonstrate that the device is safe and effective. Therefore, it is
our opinion that the AVIEW Lung Nodule CAD described in this submission is substantially equivalent to the
predicate device.


                                                                                                                     9