July 13, 2022
Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
℅ Monsuru Bello
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
810 Innovation Drive
KNOXVILLE TN 37932


Re: K221727
    Trade/Device Name: syngo.CT Extended Functionality
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed tomography x-ray system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: June 13, 2022
    Received: June 14, 2022

Dear Monsuru Bello:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K221727 - Monsuru Bello                                                              Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                                                                                     Digitally signed by
                                                                            Laurel M. Burk -S
                                                                          Date: 2022.07.13
                                                                          15:09:12 -04'00'
                                             Laurel Burk, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                             OHT 8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices and
                                               Electronic Products
                                              Office of Radiological Health
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K221727

Device Name
syngo.CT Extended Functionality


Indications for Use (Describe)
syngo.CT Extended Functionality is intended to provide advanced visualization tools to prepare and process medical
images for diagnostic purpose. The software package is designed to support technicians and physicians in qualitative and
quantitative measurements and in the analysis of clinical data that was acquired and reconstructed by Computed
Tomography (CT) scanners, and possibly other medical imaging modalities (e.g. MR scanners).
An interface shall enable the connection between the syngo.CT Extended Functionality software package and the
interconnected CT Scanner system.

Resulting images created with the syngo.CT Extended Functionality software package can be used to assist trained
technicians or physicians in diagnosis.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K221727

                                                                           syngo.CT Extended Functionality 510(k)

                       510(K) SUMMARY

I.    Identification of the Submitter
Importer/Distributor
Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
40 Liberty Boulevard
Malvern, PA 19355
Establishment Registration Number
2240869

Manufacturing Site
Siemens Healthcare GmbH
Siemensstr 1
D-91301 Forchheim, Germany

Establishment Registration Number
3004977335

Submitter Contact Person:
 Submitter Contact Person:                          Alternate Contact:
 Monsuru K Bello                                     Alaine Medio
 Regulatory Affairs Specialist                         Regulatory Affairs Manager
 Siemens Medical Solutions, Inc. USA                Siemens Medical Solutions, Inc. USA (MI)
 810 Innovation Drive                            810 Innovation Drive
 Knoxville, TN 37932                                     Knoxville, TN 37932
 Phone: +1 (202) 856-6099                         Phone: +1 (865) 206-0337
 Email: Monsuru.bello@siemens-healthineers.com     Email: alaine.medio@siemens-healthineers.com


II.   Device Name and Classification
Product Name:         syngo.CT Extended Functionality
Propriety Trade Name:  syngo.CT Extended Functionality
Classification Name:    Computed Tomography X-ray System
Classification Panel:     Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.1750
Device Class:             Class II
Product Code:          JAK

K221727

                                                                           syngo.CT Extended Functionality 510(k)

III.   Predicate Devices
Predicate Device
Trade Name:           syngo.CT Extended Functionality
510(k) Number:        K214019
Clearance Date:        01/20/2022
Classification Name:    Computed Tomography X-ray System
Classification Panel:     Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.1750
Device Class:             Class II
Product Code:          JAK

IV.  Device Description
syngo.CT Extended Functionality is a software bundle that offers tools to support special clinical
evaluations. The “tools” are represented by the so-called Extensions. syngo.CT Extended
Functionality can be used to create advanced visualizations and measurements on clinical data that
was acquired and reconstructed by Computed Tomography (CT) scanners or other medical imaging
modalities (e.g. MR scanners) by using the Extensions. Advanced visualizations and measurements
are listed as follows. The subject device in the current software version SOMARIS/8 VB70 has been
extended/modified as follows:

   •  Support of the extension “Average”
   •  Modifications to the extension “Vessel”
   •  Modifications to the extension “Interactive Spectral Imaging”
   •  Modifications to the extension “Oncology”
   •  “Trauma” Extension – No changes
   •  “Osteo” Extension – No changes
   •  “Neuro DSA” Extension – No changes
   •  “ROI HU Threshold” Extension – No changes
   •  “Dual Energy” Extension – No changes
   •  “Endoscopic Viewing” Extension – No changes
   •  “Pulmonary Density” Extension – No changes
   •  “General” (Extension Independent Features) – No changes

V.   Indications for Use
syngo.CT Extended Functionality is intended to provide advanced visualization tools to prepare and
process medical images for diagnostic purpose. The software package is designed to support
technicians and physicians in qualitative and quantitative measurements and in the analysis of
clinical data that was acquired and reconstructed by Computed Tomography (CT) scanners, and
possibly other medical imaging modalities (e.g. MR scanners).

An interface shall enable the connection between the syngo.CT Extended Functionality software
package and the interconnected CT Scanner system.

Resulting images created with the syngo.CT Extended Functionality software package can be used to
assist trained technicians or physicians in diagnosis.

K221727

                                                                           syngo.CT Extended Functionality 510(k)
VI.  Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device
The differences and similarities between the above referenced predicate device are listed at a highlevel in the following table:

 Feature                                Subject Device                           Predicate Device
                                syngo.CT Extended Functionality            syngo.CT Extended Functionality
                                   (SOMARIS/8 VB70)                      (SOMARIS/8 VB60)
   1. Average             The extension offers the possibility to      N/A
                           average on a pixel-by-pixel basis of two
                               different DICOM images. The “Average”
                                functionality can be used on individual
                          frames of the same series, or for frames
                            belonging to different series. The tool
                            saves a DICOM image as result series. This
                            extension does not introduce any new
                                    clinical algorithms or features.
   2. Vessel Extension      The user can perform a vascular           The user can perform a vascular
                             evaluation supporting the following main    evaluation supporting the following main
                                 functionalities:                                 functionalities:
                            • Measuring vessels                       • Measuring vessels
                            • Creating DICOM snapshots or result       • Creating DICOM snapshots or result
                                  series for documenting findings               series for documenting findings
                            • Working on images that are acquired      • Working on images that are acquired
                              with CT or MR scanner systems             with CT or MR scanner systems
                                 constituting one or more volumes of         constituting one or more volumes of
                                vascular structures                          vascular structures

                              Modification:
                          Improved quality of the bone removal
                             algorithm for the head & neck region.
                           Segmentation of the bones use a deep
                               learning algorithm instead of a
                                 traditional image processing.
   3. Interactive Spectral     Display different representations of Dual     Display different representations of Dual
     Imaging              Energy data.                             Energy data.

                             Modifications:
                           Support of circular and elliptic ROIs. In
                       VB70 version the measurement tool
                            supports all others ROIs (ROI Circle (incl.
                                     elliptic) / ROI Freehand / ROI Auto
                          Contour / ROI Polygonal).
   4. Oncology            The oncology extension offers tools for     The oncology extension offers tools for
                                localization and evaluation of nodules.       localization and evaluation of nodules.

                             Modifications:
                         With SOMARIS/8 VB70, the spectral
                            information displayed for circular ROIs
                        was extended to arbitrarily shaped ROIs.


The remaining functions in syngo.CT Extended Functionality remain unchanged compared to the
predicate version.

     •   Trauma- displays of sorted large number of reconstruction series into body region specific
        layouts.
     •   Osteo Extension - Evaluation of Bone Mineral Density (BMD) values (mg CA-HA/ml).
     •   Neuro DSA Extension - Selective bone removal from a CT angiography dataset

K221727

                                                                           syngo.CT Extended Functionality 510(k)
     •   ROI HU Threshold Extension – Evaluation of HU Value distributions
     •   Dual Energy Extension – Simultaneous evaluation for low and high kV dual energy images
     •   Endoscopic Viewing Extension – Interactive fly through tubular structures that are filled by
        either low-intensity or high-intensity material
     •   Pulmonary Density – Segmentation of opacity regions inside the lung using an AI algorithm.

The core modification of the subject device as compared to its predicate device (syngo.CT Extended
Functionality (SOMARIS/8 VB60)) are the modifications shown in the table above.
VII.  Performance Data
The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence
determination.

Non-Clinical Testing
This submission contains performance tests (Non-clinical test reports) to demonstrate continued
conformance with special controls for medical devices containing software. Non-clinical tests
(integration and functional) were conducted for syngo.CT Extended Functionality during product
development. These tests have been performed to test the ability of the included features of the
subject device. The results of these tests demonstrate that the subject device performs as intended.
The result of all conducted testing was found acceptable to support the claim of substantial
equivalence.

Risk Analysis
The risk analysis was completed, and risk control implemented to mitigate identified hazards. The
testing results support that all the software specifications have met the acceptance criteria. Testing
for verification and validation of the device was found acceptable to support the claims of substantial
equivalence.

Siemens hereby certifies that syngo.CT Extended Functionality will meet the following voluntary
standards covering electrical and mechanical safety listed below, prior to introduction into interstate
commerce:

                                                                                           Standards Recognition      Product                                                Date of                                        Title of Standard                                         Development Number         Area                                                       Recognition                                                                                               Organization
                                        Digital Imaging and Communications in 12-300           Radiology                                                06/27/2016    NEMA                               Medicine (DICOM) Set; PS 3.1 – 3.20
                                Medical Device Software –Software Life Cycle 13-79            Software                                                01/14/2019    AAMI, ANSI, IEC                                  Processes; 62304:2006 (1st Edition)/A1:2016
                                Medical devices – Application of risk                  Software/ 5-125                      management to medical devices; 14971 Third    12/23/2019     ISO                    Informatics                                    Edition 2019-12
                                Medical devices - Part 1: Application of                  General I 5-129                               usability engineering to medical devices         07/06/2020     ANSI, AAMI, IEC                 (QS/RM)                                  IEC 62366-1:2016
                                Medical devices - Symbols to be used with
                  General I      medical device labels, labelling, and 5-117                                                                     8/21/2017           ISO                 (QS/RM)      information to be supplied - Part 1: General
                                requirements 15223-1:2016

K221727

                                                                           syngo.CT Extended Functionality 510(k)
VIII. Conclusion
syngo.CT Extended Functionality has the same intended use and same indications for use as the
predicate device. The technological characteristics such as image visualization, operating platform,
and image measurement are the same as the predicate device.

For the subject device, syngo.CT Extended Functionality, Siemens used the same testing with the
same workflows as used to clear the primary predicate device. Siemens considers syngo.CT Extended
Functionality to be as safe, as effective, and with performance substantially equivalent to the
commercially available predicate devices.