Brainomix Limited
℅ Gwilym Owen
Head of Quality and Regulatory
Suite 11-14, Suffolk House, 263 Banbury Road
Oxford, Oxfordshire OX2 7HN
UNITED KINGDOM
                                                                  February 23, 2023
Re: K221564
    Trade/Device Name: Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2060
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer-assisted diagnostic software for lesions suspicious of cancer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: POK
    Dated: January 20, 2023
    Received: January 23, 2023

Dear Gwilym Owen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K221564 - Gwilym Owen                                                              Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices
                                         and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K221564

Device Name
Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS


Indications for Use (Describe)
Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is a computer-aided diagnosis (CADx) software device used to assist the clinician in the
assessment and characterization of brain tissue abnormalities using CT image data.

The software automatically registers images and uses an Atlas to segment and analyze ASPECTS regions. Brainomix 360
e-ASPECTS extracts image data from individual voxels in the image to provide analysis and computer analytics and
relates the analysis to the atlas defined ASPECTS regions. The imaging features are then synthesized by an artificial
intelligence algorithm into a single ASPECTS (Alberta Stroke Program Early CT) Score.

Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is indicated for evaluation of patients presenting for diagnostic imaging workup with known
MCA or ICA occlusion, for evaluation of extent of disease. Extent of disease refers to the number of ASPECTS regions
affected which is reflected in the total score. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS provides information that may be useful in the
characterization of ischemic brain tissue injury during image interpretation (within 6 hours from time last known well).

Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS provides a comparative analysis to the ASPECTS standard of care radiologist assessment by
providing highlighted ASPECTS regions and an automated editable ASPECTS score for clinician review. Brainomix 360
e-ASPECTS additionally provides a visualization of the voxels contributing to the automated ASPECTS score and the
voxels excluded from the automated ASPECTS score.

Limitations:

1. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is not intended for primary interpretation of CT images. It is used to assist physician
evaluation.
2. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS has been validated in patients with known MCA or ICA occlusion prior to ASPECTS
scoring.
3. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is not suitable for use on brain scans displaying neurological pathologies other than acute
stroke, such as tumours or abscesses, haemorrhagic transformation and hematoma.
4. Use of Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS Module in clinical settings other than brain ischemia within 6 hours from time last
known well, caused by known ICA or MCA occlusions has not been tested.
5. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS has only been validated and is intended to be used in patient populations aged over 21.
6. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS has been validated and is intended to be used on Siemens Somatom Definition scanners.
7. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is not intended for mobile diagnostic use. Images viewed on a mobile platform are
compressed preview images and not for diagnostic interpretation.

Contraindications/Exclusions/Cautions:

• Patient motion: Excessive patient motion leading to artifacts that make the scan technically inadequate.
• Haemorrhagic Transformation, Hematoma.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 2                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                     This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
       The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                      Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 2 of 2

Brainomix Limited
                                                                        Suites 11-14
                                                                          Suffolk House
                                                       263 Banbury Road
K221564                                                    Oxford OX2 7HN


      510(K) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

  Date of summary:              23rd February 2023

  Submitter’s name:            Brainomix Limited

  Submitter’s address:          Brainomix Limited, Suites 11-14 Suffolk House, 263 Banbury Road,
                                Oxford. OX2 7HN. United Kingdom

  Submitter’s contact:         Gwilym Owen

  Telephone number:          +44 (0)1865 582730


  Device Proprietary Name:     Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS

  Device Common Name(s):    CADx

  Classification Name:           Class II

  Product Code:             POK

  Regulation No:              21 C.F.R. §892.2060

  Classification Panel:           Radiology Devices


  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is Substantially Equivalent to the following Legally Marketed device:

  Predicate Devices

   510(k) Number             Trade Name                Manufacturer

   K200760                   Rapid ASPECTS             iSchemaView Inc

  Indications for Use

  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is a computer-aided diagnosis (CADx) software device used to assist the
   clinician in the assessment and characterization of brain tissue abnormalities using CT image data.

  The software automatically registers images and uses an Atlas to segment and analyze ASPECTS
  regions. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS extracts image data from individual voxels in the image to provide
  analysis and computer analytics and relates the analysis to the atlas defined ASPECTS regions. The
  imaging features are then synthesized by an artificial intelligence algorithm into a single ASPECTS
  (Alberta Stroke Program Early CT) Score.

  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is indicated for evaluation of patients presenting for diagnostic imaging
  workup with known MCA or ICA occlusion, for evaluation of extent of disease. Extent of disease
  refers to the number of ASPECTS regions affected which is reflected in the total score. Brainomix 360
  e-ASPECTS provides information that may be useful in the characterization of ischemic brain tissue
  injury during image interpretation (within 6 hours from time last known well).


                                                                                  1

Brainomix Limited
                                                                      Suites 11-14
                                                                        Suffolk House
                                                      263 Banbury Road
                                                            Oxford OX2 7HN


Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS provides a comparative analysis to the ASPECTS standard of care
radiologist assessment by providing highlighted ASPECTS regions and an automated editable
ASPECTS score for clinician review. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS additionally provides a visualization of
the voxels contributing to the automated ASPECTS score and the voxels excluded from the
automated ASPECTS score.

Limitations:

    1.  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is not intended for primary interpretation of CT images. It is used
        to assist physician evaluation.
    2.  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS has been validated in patients with known MCA or ICA occlusion
        prior to ASPECTS scoring.
    3.  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is not suitable for use on brain scans displaying neurological
        pathologies other than acute stroke, such as tumours or abscesses, haemorrhagic
       transformation and hematoma.
    4.  Use of Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS Module in clinical settings other than brain ischemia within
      6 hours from time last known well, caused by known ICA or MCA occlusions has not been
        tested.
    5.  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS has only been validated and is intended to be used in patient
       populations aged over 21.
    6.  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS has been validated and is intended to be used on Siemens
      Somatom Definition scanners.
    7.  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is not intended for mobile diagnostic use. Images viewed on a
       mobile platform are compressed preview images and not for diagnostic interpretation.


Contraindications/Exclusions/Cautions:

    •   Patient motion: Excessive patient motion leading to artifacts that make the scan technically
       inadequate.
    •  Haemorrhagic Transformation, Hematoma.

Device Description

Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is a stand-alone software device which uses machine learning algorithms
to automatically process NCCT (Non-contrast CT scans) brain image data to provide an output
ASPECTS score based on the Alberta Stroke Program Early CT Score (ASPECTS) guidelines.

The post-processing image results and ASPECTS score are identified based on regional imaging
features and overlayed onto brain scan images. e-ASPECTS provides an automatic ASPECTS score
based on the input CT data for the physician. The score includes which ASPECTS regions are
identified based on regional imaging features derived from non-contrast computed tomography
(NCCT) brain image data. The results are generated based on the Alberta Stroke Program Early CT


                                                                                2

Brainomix Limited
                                                                      Suites 11-14
                                                                        Suffolk House
                                                      263 Banbury Road
                                                            Oxford OX2 7HN


Score (ASPECTS) guidelines and provided to the clinician for review and verification. At the discretion
of the clinician, the scores may be adjusted based on the clinician’s judgment.

Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS can connect with other DICOM-compliant devices, for example to transfer
NCCT scans from a Picture Archiving and Communication System (PACS) to Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS
software for processing.

Results and images can be sent to a PACS via DICOM transfer and can be viewed on a PACS
workstation or via a web user interface on any machine contained and accessed within a hospital
network and firewall and with a connection to the Brainomix 360° e-ASPECTS software (e.g. a LAN
connection)

Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS notification capabilities enable clinicians to preview images through via email notification with result image attachments.

Images that are previewed via e-mail are compressed, are for preview purposes only, and not
intended for diagnostic use beyond notification.

Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is not intended for mobile diagnostic use. Notified clinicians are
responsible for viewing non-compressed images on a diagnostic viewer and engaging in appropriate
patient evaluation and relevant discussion with a treating physician before making care-related
decisions or requests.

Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS provides an automated workflow which will automatically process image
data received by the system in accordance with pre-configured user DICOM routing preferences.

Once received, image processing is automatically applied. Once any image processing has
completed, notifications are sent to pre-configured users to inform them that the image processing
results are ready. User can then access and review the results and images via the Web User Interface
case viewer or PACS viewer.

Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS principal workflow for NCCT includes the following key steps:

    •  NCCT Image Loading.

    •  Automated image analysis and processing to identify and visualize the voxels which have
      been included in the ASPECTS score and the voxels which have been excluded from the
      ASPECTS score (Also referred to as a ‘heat map’).

    •  Automated image analysis and processing to register the subject image to an atlas to
      segment and highlight ASPECTS regions and to display whether or not each region is
        qualified as contributing to the ASPECTS score.

    •   Notifications and alerts to users.

    •   Generation of a summary results report.

    •   Presentation of results for review and analysis by users.


                                                                                3

Brainomix Limited
                                                                      Suites 11-14
                                                                        Suffolk House
                                                      263 Banbury Road
                                                            Oxford OX2 7HN


Once the physician has been notified of availability of the ASPECTS score, the system requires that
the physician confirms that the case in question is for an ICA or MCA occlusion. The ASPECTS results,
including the ASPECTS score, indication of affected side, affected ASPECTS regions and voxel-wise
analysis (shown as a heatmap of voxels ’contributing to e-ASPECTS score’ and a heat map of voxels
‘excluded from e-ASPECTS score’) can be exported as a report and/or sent to the Picture Archiving
and Communications System (PACS).

Technological Characteristics

Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is a machine learning implementation using the processing pipeline below.
Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS provides an automatic ASPECT score based on the case input file for the
physician. The score includes which ASPECT regions are identified based on a voxel-wise analysis of
non-contrast computed tomography (NCCT) brain image data based on the random forest machine
learning technique. The results are generated based on the Alberta Stroke Program Early CT Score
(ASPECTS) guidelines and provided to the clinician for review and verification.

ASPECTS regions are generated as an overlay by registering the subject NCCT scan to an atlas. The
Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS algorithm analyses the voxels in the subject NCCT scan to identify voxels
contributing to, or excluded from, the e-ASPECTS score. The regions then contribute towards the
determination of an ASPECTS score which must be reviewed by the physician.

ASPECTS regions identified as contributing to the ASPECTS score are highlighted and labelled for the
physician. The voxel-wise analysis is visualized for the physician as shaded heat maps showing voxels
contributing to the e-ASPECTS score and voxels excluded from the e-ASPECTS score.

Physicians can, at their discretion and depending on their level of agreement with the processing
results, manually edit the ASPECTS score by manually selecting ASPECTS regions to be included or
excluded from the calculation of the ASPECTS score.

The following figure provides the general layout of the ASPECTS display as presented by Brainomix
360 e-ASPECTS


                                                                                4

Brainomix Limited
                                                                      Suites 11-14
                                                                        Suffolk House
                                                      263 Banbury Road
                                                            Oxford OX2 7HN


Substantial Equivalence Discussion

Both proposed and predicate devices have the same intended use. Both devices are computer-aided
diagnosis (CADx) software devices used to assist clinicians in the assessment and characterization of
brain tissue abnormalities using CT image data.

Both devices use an atlas to segment and identify ASPECTS regions and use artificial intelligence
algorithms to analyse image data to facilitate the evaluation of extent of disease and to identify and
count the affected ASPECTS regions to generate an ASPECTS score. Both devices display and
highlight the affected ASPECTS regions along with the automatically generated ASPECTS score

Both devices are not intended for primary interpretation of CT images and both require that cases
processed meet pre-requisite criteria such that a primary diagnosis of ICA or MCA occlusion has
already been made by clinicians prior to accessing the processing results and the resulting ASPECTS
score.

Both devices are indicated for cases within 6 hours from time last known well.

Both devices include a gating condition requiring users to confirm that the case in question is for a
confirmed ICA or MCA occlusion before processing results are made available.

Both devices include pre-processing steps to straighten NCCT scans and to register the NCCT scans to
an atlas of ASPECTS regions in order to identify and segment ASPECTS regions on the subject NCCT
scan.


                                                                                5

Brainomix Limited
                                                                      Suites 11-14
                                                                        Suffolk House
                                                      263 Banbury Road
                                                            Oxford OX2 7HN


In both cases, the algorithms identify signs indicative of ischemic damage and relate these to the
segmented ASPECTS regions in order to determine whether or not individual ASPECTS regions are
included as contributing to a reduced ASPECTS score.

In both cases, the segmented ASPECTS regions are labelled and presented to users in the software
User Interface with the regions highlighted depending on whether they have been determined to
affect the e-ASPECTS score or not. In both cases, users can manually edit and override the
automated result for one or more ASPECTS regions by selecting the regions.

Both predicate and proposed devices use trained machine learning AI algorithms to analyse NCCT
scans to identify signs indicative of ischemic damage. Both devices use a random forest machine
learning technique to classify tissue in brains scans to identify both early/acute ischemic changes
and old/non-acute ischemic changes to differentiate old or prior signs of stroke from the acute
stroke for which the ASPECTS methodology is intended. In both devices, signs of non-acute ischemic
change are masked to ensure that these do not contribute towards the determination of the output
ASPECTS score.

The following principal difference exists between Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS and the predicate
device:

In addition to highlighting affected ASPECTS regions which is a common technical characteristic of
both subject and predicate devices, the Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS device includes the visualization of
the analysis of individual voxels underlying the scoring of ASPECTS regions and the overall ASPECTS
score as a heat map.


 Characteristic/Parame  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS –        iSchemaView Rapid ASPECTS -
 ter                   Proposed Device                    Predicate Device (K200760)

 Product Code        POK                        POK
 Regulation            21 C.F.R. §892.2060              21 C.F.R. §892.2060


                                                                                6

Brainomix Limited
                                                                     Suites 11-14
                                                                       Suffolk House
                                                     263 Banbury Road
                                                           Oxford OX2 7HN


Indications for Use      Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is a       Rapid ASPECTS is a computer-aided
                      computer-aided diagnosis (CADx)    diagnosis (CADx) software device
                       software device used to assist the   used to assist the clinician in the
                            clinician in the assessment and      assessment and characterization of
                         characterization of brain tissue       brain tissue abnormalities using CT
                        abnormalities using CT image data.  image data. The Software
                                                            automatically registers images and
                    The software automatically         segments and analyzes ASPECTS
                          registers images and uses an Atlas   Regions of lnterest (ROIs). Rapid
                        to segment and analyze ASPECTS    ASPECTS extracts image data for
                         regions. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS   the ROI(s) to provide analysis and
                         extracts image data from individual  computer analytics based on
                        voxels in the image to provide       morphological characteristics. The
                          analysis and computer analytics     imaging features are then
                    and relates the analysis to the atlas  synthesized by an artificial
                       defined ASPECTS regions. The        intelligence algorithm into a single
                      imaging features are then          ASPECTS (Alberta Stroke Program
                        synthesized by an artificial           Early CT) Score. Rapid ASPECTS is
                          intelligence algorithm into a single   indicated for evaluation of patients
                    ASPECTS (Alberta Stroke Program    presenting for diagnostic imaging
                         Early CT) Score.                  workup with known MCA or ICA
                                                               occlusion, for evaluation of extent
                      Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is          of disease. Extent of disease refers
                        indicated for evaluation of patients                                                             to the number of ASPECTS regions
                       presenting for diagnostic imaging    affected which is reflected in the
                    workup with known MCA or ICA      total score. This device provides
                         occlusion, for evaluation of extent   information that may be useful in
                        of disease. Extent of disease refers   the characterization of early
                        to the number of ASPECTS regions   ischemic brain tissue injury during
                        affected which is reflected in the    image interpretation (within 6
                           total score.                          hours). Rapid ASPECTS provides a
                                                       comparative analysis to the
                      Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS provides                                                   ASPECTS standard of care
                       information that may be useful in                                                                 radiologist assessment using the
                       the characterization of ischemic                                                   ASPECTS atlas definitions and atlas
                        brain tissue injury during image                                                               display including highlighted ROIs
                         interpretation (within 6 hours from                                                 and numerical scoring.
                      time last known well).


                                                                               7

Brainomix Limited
                                                Suites 11-14
                                                  Suffolk House
                                    263 Banbury Road
                                        Oxford OX2 7HN


Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS provides   Limitations:
a comparative analysis to the
ASPECTS standard of care             1. Rapid ASPECTS is not intended
radiologist assessment by            for primary interpretation of CT
providing highlighted ASPECTS       images, it is used to assist
regions and an automated editable   physician evaluation.
ASPECTS score for clinician review.
Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS             2. Rapid ASPECTS has been
additionally provides a               validated in patients with known
visualization of the voxels       MCA or ICA Occlusion prior to
contributing to the automated      ASPECTS scoring.
ASPECTS score and the voxels
                                         3. Use of the Rapid ASPECTSexcluded from the automated
                             Module in clinical settings otherASPECTS score.
                                 than early brain ischemia (within 6
                                   hours) caused by known ICA orLimitations:
                       MCA occlusions has not been
    1.  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS    tested.
           is not intended for primary
        interpretation of CT           4. Rapid ASPECTS has been
       images. It is used to assist                                    validated and is intended to be
        physician evaluation.                               used on GE Lightspeed VCT
    2.  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS
                                   Scanners.
       has been validated in
        patients with known MCA
                                     Contraindications/Exclusions/Cauti       or ICA occlusion prior to
      ASPECTS scoring.            ons:
    3.  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS
           is not suitable for use on    • Patient Motion: excessive motion
        brain scans displaying        leading to artifacts that make the
        neurological pathologies                                 scan technically inadequate.
       other than acute stroke,
       such as tumors or
                               • Hemorrhagic Transformation,
        abscesses, hemorrhagic
                           Hematoma       transformation and
      hematoma.
    4.  Use of Brainomix 360 e-     • Very thin or no Ventricles
      ASPECTS Module in clinical
        settings other than brain
       ischemia within 6 hours
      from time last known well,
       caused by known ICA or


                                                           8

Brainomix Limited
                                                                     Suites 11-14
                                                                       Suffolk House
                                                     263 Banbury Road
                                                           Oxford OX2 7HN


Characteristic/Parame  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS –        iSchemaView Rapid ASPECTS -
ter                   Proposed Device                    Predicate Device (K200760)
                    MCA occlusions has not
                          been tested.
                                5.  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS
                            has been validated and is
                             intended to be used on
                            Siemens Somatom
                                  Definition scanners.
                                6.  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS
                            has only been validated
                          and is intended to be used
                                    in patient populations
                           aged over 21 years.
                                7.  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS
                                            is not intended for mobile
                                 diagnostic use. Images
                            viewed on a mobile
                              platform are compressed
                             preview images and not
                                  for diagnostic
                                  interpretation.


                         Contraindications/Exclusions/Cauti
                       ons:

                          •   Patient motion: Excessive
                                patient motion leading to
                                     artifacts that make the
                             scan technically
                             inadequate
                          •  Hemorrhagic
                               Transformation,
                        Hematoma


Environment of use      Clinical/Hospital environment        Clinical/Hospital environment
Energy used and/or    None – software only application.   None – software only application.
delivered             The software application does not   The software application does not
                          deliver or depend on energy          deliver or depend on energy
                        delivered to or from patients         delivered to or from patients
Primary Users           Neuroradiologist/Clinician            Neuroradiologist/Clinician


                                                                               9

Brainomix Limited
                                                                     Suites 11-14
                                                                       Suffolk House
                                                     263 Banbury Road
                                                           Oxford OX2 7HN


Characteristic/Parame  Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS –        iSchemaView Rapid ASPECTS -
ter                   Proposed Device                    Predicate Device (K200760)
Clinical                Stroke/Head                      Stroke/Head
Application/Anatomic
al Region
Standard of Care       ASPECTS Scoring                 ASPECTS Scoring
Representation
Design: Modalities for   CT                            CT
image processing and
visualization
Technical            ML/AI/Random Forest            ML/AI/Random Forest
Implementation
Image Overlay         ASPECTS regions, highlighted by     ASPECTS Atlas ROIs, highlighted by
                         algorithms. Voxel-wise analysis       algorithms.
                          visualized as a heat map.
Gating Conditions       Users must confirm ICA or MCA      Users must confirm LVO prior to
                        occlusion prior to accessing          accessing Rapid ASPECTS results
                      Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS results
Design: PACS          View process and analyze medical   same
functionality           images. performs standard PACS
                        functions with respect to querying
                    and listing
Design: DICOM         Yes                              Yes
compliance
Design: Computer      Standard off-the-shelf server or     same
Platform                  virtual server
Design: Data            Acquires medical image data from   same
acquisition          DICOM compliant imaging devices
                    and modalities
Alters Standard of       In parallel to                          In parallel to
Care Workflow
Materials            N/A – Software only device        same
Biocompatibility       N/A – Software only device        same
Sterility             N/A – Software only device        same
Electrical Safety       N/A – Software only device        same
Mechanical Safety     N/A – Software only device        same
Chemical Safety       N/A – Software only device        same
Thermal Safety        N/A – Software only device        same
Radiation Safety       N/A – Software only device        same


                                                                               10

Brainomix Limited
                                                                      Suites 11-14
                                                                        Suffolk House
                                                      263 Banbury Road
                                                            Oxford OX2 7HN


Performance Data

The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence
determination.

Software Verification and Validation Testing

Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS complies with DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine) –
Developed by the American College of Radiology and the National Electrical Manufacturers
Association. NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20

Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is tested against its user needs and intended use by the successful
execution of planned software verification and validation testing included in this submission.
Algorithm validation testing has additionally been performed using phantom data with known
properties.

The results of software verification and validation and algorithmic testing demonstrate that
Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS has met all design requirements and specifications associated with the
intended use of the software.

Stand-alone Performance Testing

Stand-alone performance testing was conducted to comply with special controls for this device type.
Stand-alone performance testing demonstrated that the proposed device provides accurate
representation of key processing parameters under a range of clinically relevant parameters and
perturbations associated with the intended use of the software. The stand-alone performance
testing demonstrates the generalized performance for a range of typical patient demographics and a
typical range of cases with confounding factors and including radiologically normal cases which is the
same as for the predicate device. The standalone performance dataset was additionally enriched to
include a greater number of cases within the low ASPECTS and late time-window sub-groups to
demonstrate generalizability across these groups.

The stand-alone performance testing dataset comprised 256 non-contrast CT scans from patients
with suspected and later confirmed acute ischemic stroke with available follow up imaging at 24
hours, from 8 different USA institutions. Patients were admitted between March 2014 and March
2020. The median age was 71 years, and 45% were female. Median NIHSS was 18 with an
interquartile range of 12 to 22. 141 patients presented within 6 hours of time last seen well, 62
presented between 6 and 16 hours and 53 were unknown onset time. 180 patients had a proximal
vessel occlusion (internal carotid artery or M1 segment or middle cerebral artery) and 76 were nonproximal. Ground truth ASPECTS score was <7 in 43 patients and >6 in 213 patients.


                                                                                11

Brainomix Limited
                                                                      Suites 11-14
                                                                        Suffolk House
                                                      263 Banbury Road
                                                            Oxford OX2 7HN


Overall performance in 256 patients showed an area under the curve of 83% (81-85, 95% CI), with a
sensitivity of 68% (57-72) and a specificity of 97% (86-98).

This stand-alone performance testing demonstrates that e-ASPECTS performance generalises to a
range of image acquisition and reconstruction parameters encountered in multiple clinical sites and
for a range of scanner types and manufacturers.

Stand-alone performance results were generated to demonstrate generalizable performance for a
range of typical patient demographics (including patient sex, age, site of occlusion, and ASPECTS
score) and within individual ASPECTS regions. Consistent performance was observed in subgroups
dichotomised by median age, and subgroups defined by sex. Performance was slightly lower in the
non-proximal vessel occlusion subgroup (AUC, 78% versus 84%) although this was not statistically
significant. Consistent performance was also observed between the grouped cortical ASPECTS
regions compared to grouped basal ganglia ASPECTS regions, although at the level of the individual
ASPECTS region performance did vary. Performance was lower in the M4, M6, and internal capsule
regions, although this difference was not statistically significant.

Digital phantom testing

Specific validation has been carried out to test the heatmaps. This testing made use of synthetic
digital phantom data created to provide a ground truth against which the performance of the
heatmaps can be assessed and demonstrated. For clarity, we report that this testing showed a
correlation between the volumes of the e-ASPECTS heatmaps and the volumes of synthetic
hypodensities generated in the phantom dataset.

The heatmaps are generated and visualized to provide transparency of the basis of the ASPECTS
score. The phantom testing results show a correlation (r>=0.95) between the volumes of e-ASPECTS
heatmaps and the volume of synthetic hypodensities generated in the 200 digital phantom dataset.

Clinical Studies

A multiple reader multiple case (MRMC) cross-over study was conducted to assess performance of
Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS. The MRMC study evaluated the performance of 10 clinical readers (4
neurologists and 6 radiologists) when scoring the ASPECTS for 54 clinically representative NCCT
retrospective scans with and without the aid of Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS. Data truthing was
performed by three expert neuroradiologists with access to clinical data and follow up imaging.

The MRMC study dataset comprised 54 non-contrast CT scans from patients with acute ischemic
stroke affecting the middle cerebral artery territory and eligible for acute reperfusion therapy.
Patients must have had no evidence of intracranial hemorrhage and imaging data had to be of
adequate quality with associated demographic and follow up imaging available. Patients aged 21
years and younger were excluded. The median age was 72 years, and 48% were female. Median
NIHSS was 17 with an interquartile range of 12 to 21. 36 patients presented within 6 hours of time


                                                                                12

Brainomix Limited
                                                                      Suites 11-14
                                                                        Suffolk House
                                                      263 Banbury Road
                                                            Oxford OX2 7HN


last seen well, 10 presented between 6 and 16 hours and 8 were unknown onset time. 40 patients
had a proximal vessel occlusion (internal carotid artery or M1 segment or middle cerebral artery)
and 14 were non-proximal. Ground truth ASPECTS score was <7 in 12 patients and >6 in 42 patients.

Comparison of the area under the curve (AUC) for each reader with and without the support of the
e-ASPECTS tool showed a statistically significant improvement of 0.02 from 0.81 to 0.83 (p=0.028)
which was the primary endpoint for the study. When comparing reader performance with the
ground truth, the improved AUC in the primary endpoint was driven by an increase in both the
sensitivity (positive percentage agreement, from 66 to 70%) and a small improvement in specificity
(negative percentage agreement, 96%) when assisted by e-ASPECTS compared to unassisted reading.
Overall percentage agreement (accuracy) also improved in line with the AUC result from 93 to 94%.
Subgroup analysis based on the clinical training of the reader (radiologist versus neurologist)
demonstrates a consistent impact of Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS across reader groups. Analysis of
individual reader ROC curves showed greater magnitude of increases in AUC were observed in users
with lower unassisted performances (“lower performers”), and smaller changes in readers with
higher unassisted performance (“high performers”). The overall ASPECTS score was more consistent
between readers with use of e-ASPECTS. The range in AUC between users was also narrower with
Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS than unassisted indicating a reduction in the variation of performance
between different readers when Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS outputs are available.

Subgroup analysis of the individual regions within the ASPECTS scoring system showed that the
impact of e-ASPECTS is consistent in both deep and cortical ASPECTS regions.

As the study used retrospective data, there were no specific safety endpoints in the reader study.

This study demonstrates substantial equivalence of the Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS software for
improving reader accuracy, compared to the predicate device. The results showed statistically
significant improvement in the agreement between the readers and a reference standard when
using the Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS software compared to routine clinical practice.


Risk Benefit Analysis

                                       Risk Benefit Summary

 Summary of Benefits                             This device provides a systematic, automated
                                                    analysis of NCCT scans of the head to provide a
                                                  standardized, automated ASPECT score for
                                                Stroke workup.

                                        The clinical reader study, which included 4
                                                 neurologists and 6 neuroradiologists,


                                                                                13

Brainomix Limited
                            Suites 11-14
                            Suffolk House
                  263 Banbury Road
                      Oxford OX2 7HN


demonstrated a statistically significant
improvement in the readers’ AUC (0.02
increase, with 0.04 sensitivity improvement
and 0.01 specificity improvement) when
scoring was performed in conjunction with
the e-ASPECTS output.

In a subgroup analysis, the benefit of the
software was most substantial among the
“lower performers” (clinical readers with a
lower unaided performance compared to the
ground truth) whereas “high performers”
were minimally affected by the device
output. Both cohorts included a mix of US
board certified neurologist and
neuroradiologist readers, indicating potential
benefit for less experienced clinicians
evaluating NCCT for ASPECTS.

It is important to note that ASPECTS
evaluations can be challenging, particularly
for less experienced clinicians, and studies
have shown varying levels of interobserver
agreement for ASPECTS evaluation. Overall,
the system should provide more consistent
and timely benefit of aided reads for lessexperienced or less confident users in the
evaluation of overall ASPECTS.

Timely, consistent and accurate assessments of
acute ischemic patients with known MCA and
ICA occlusions can help ensure that physicians
determine appropriate patient management at
the right time. ASPECTS may be used in the
assessment of patients for consistency with
patient selection for neurothrombectomy and
other acute stroke therapeutic interventions.
Proper and timely patient selection increases
the likelihood for successful therapeutic
interventions proven to reduce long term
disability. The duration of the effect is lifetime.

Based on the data provided it is not possible to
accurately predict the exact likelihood of


                                      14

Brainomix Limited
                                                                     Suites 11-14
                                                                       Suffolk House
                                                     263 Banbury Road
                                                           Oxford OX2 7HN


                                                patient benefit. The study demonstrates
                                         improvement in the assessment for readers
                                                  interpreting NCCT scans for overall ASPECTS
                                             assessment.

                                                 This device additionally also provides
                                               transparent AI processing enabling users to
                                            understand how the automated output has
                                        been determined and enables users to perform
                                           a more technically informed review of the
                                         automated output. This is a significant benefit
                                          which may help mitigate risks related to false
                                                negatives or false positives in the automated
                                               output, particularly for more challenging cases.


Summary of the Risks                        There are minimal potential risks associated
                                              with the use of the device.

                                                  Incorrect scoring which may result in false
                                                   positive results and result to incorrect patient
                                      management with possible adverse effects such
                                                     as, unnecessary additional medical imaging
                                            and/or unnecessary additional diagnostic
                                          workup.

                                                  Incorrect scoring which may result in false
                                               negative results may lead to complications,
                                                 including incorrect diagnosis and delay in
                                               disease management.

                                        The device could be misused to analyze images
                                         from an unintended patient population or on
                                           images acquired with incompatible imaging
                                          hardware or incompatible image acquisition
                                             parameters, leading to inappropriate diagnostic
                                               information being displayed to the user.

                                             Device failure could lead to the absence of
                                                       results, delay of results or incorrect results,
                                          which could likewise lead to inaccurate patient
                                             assessment.


                                                                               15

Brainomix Limited
                                                                     Suites 11-14
                                                                       Suffolk House
                                                     263 Banbury Road
                                                           Oxford OX2 7HN


Summary of additional factors                  However, based on the performance data and
                                              the application of mitigating measures
                                                    (including but not limited to general controls
                                        and special controls established for this device
                                                     type), use of the device is unlikely to decrease
                                                   diagnostic performance of the user and
                                                  possible misuse of the device does not present
                                                   additional risks compared with misuse of
                                               other types of radiological image processing
                                                   devices.

                                        The device includes a gating condition in
                                             software to help ensure that the software is not
                                          used on stroke mimics or the incorrect patient
                                                population.

                                        The physician may either confirm or overrule
                                             the device

                                      Heatmap provides additional transparency on
                                               regions evaluated by the ASPECTS, which may
                                       be used by the clinician to qualify or correct
                                               device outputs

                                        The study was enriched to cover the range of
                                        ASPECT scores; and, the readers in practice may
                                           not experience a significant improvement in
                                             determining ASPECTS.

                                                 This device may improve the diagnostic
                                              accuracy of less experienced or less confident
                                                 physicians in rating NCCT for the ASPECT score
                                                      in the context of acute ischemic stroke caused
                                         by ICA or MCA occlusion (confirmed using
                                                 vascular imaging such as CTA or MRA).


Conclusion                                       This device shows positive improvement in
                                                 diagnostic accuracy in comparison to the
                                               reference standard.

                                            Although some performance data may suggest
                                                that sensitivity for some ASPECTS regions may
                                       be diminished or inconsistent in comparison to
                                              other region however, sample size limitations


                                                                               16

Brainomix Limited
                                                                      Suites 11-14
                                                                        Suffolk House
                                                      263 Banbury Road
                                                            Oxford OX2 7HN


                                                         limit conclusions in this regard. The clinical
                                               reader study evidence provided demonstrates
                                          improvement in the overall performance of
                                              aided readers compared to the unaided
                                                  readers. The greatest benefit was observed for
                                              the “lower performers” – bringing them to the
                                                       level of the “higher performers” while avoiding
                                                adversely impacting “high performers”
                                                 accuracy.

                                         The software gating conditions and other
                                             warnings integrated in the software UI are
                                             expected to be helpful in ensuring appropriate
                                           use of the device and directing clinician
                                                  attention to particular regions which may be
                                      more difficult to interpret, both for users and
                                                    for the device.


Prescriptive Statement

Caution: Federal law restricts this device to sale by of on the order of a physician.

Conclusion

In conclusion, the predicate device has the same intended use and substantially similar indications
for use and technological characteristics as Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS. Performance data
demonstrates that Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS performs as intended within the same clinically
relevant parameters for the intended use as the predicate device.

The predicate device was cleared based in part on the results of clinical studies, therefore a clinical
study was required to support substantial equivalence. The clinical data demonstrates that
Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS shows a significant improvement in the agreement between the readers
and a reference standard when using the Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS software compared to routine
clinical practice. Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is intended to improve reader performance in estimating
an overall ASPECTS score but may be less sensitive for some ASPECTS regions such as the IC and M4-
M6 regions based on the performance data disclosed. The risk/benefit profile of Brainomix 360 eASPECTS remains favorable based on the favorable impact on readers’ overall aided performance in
calculating an ASPECTS score (as measured in the reader study), and the inherent inter-reader
variability in identifying individual affected ASPECTS regions.

Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS has been designed, verified and validated in compliance with 21 CFR Part
820.30 requirements and has been designed to meet the requirements associated with ANSI AAMI


                                                                                17

Brainomix Limited
                                                                      Suites 11-14
                                                                        Suffolk House
                                                      263 Banbury Road
                                                            Oxford OX2 7HN


ISO 14971:2007/(R)2016. Software verification and validation, performance testing and risk
management demonstrates that Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is safe and effective for use as intended
and described in its indications for use.

We propose that Brainomix 360 e-ASPECTS is substantially equivalent to the Rapid ASPECTS
predicate.


                                                                                18