Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
℅ John J. Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street, N.W.
WASHINGTON DC 20004
                                                         November 18, 2022Re: K221330
    Trade/Device Name: BriefCase
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: October 11, 2022
    Received: October 11, 2022

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K221330 - John J. Smith                                                               Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices
                                           and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES         Form  Approved: OMB  No.  0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                        Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                 Indications for Use                      See PRA Statement below
510(k) Number (if known)

K221330
Device Name

BriefCase
Indications for Use (Describe)

BriefCase is a radiological computer-aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the analysis of frontal
chest X-ray (CXR) images in adults or transitional adolescents aged 18 and older. The device is intended to assist
hospital networks and appropriately trained medical specialists in workflow triage by flagging and communicating
suspected positive cases of vertically malpositioned endotracheal tube (ETT) in relation to the carina.

Findings are flagged when the ETT distal tip is assessed as being more than 5 cm above the carina, less than 2 cm
above the carina, or when it is below the carina  (i.e., in the right or left mainstem bronchus).

The device assesses solely the vertical position of the ETT distal tip relative to the carina, does not factor patient
positioning, and cannot detect esophageal intubation. The device does not provide results when the carina is not wellvisualized on the x-ray image. The device does not discriminate types of ETTs, as such a properly positioned double
lumen ETT may trigger a false prioritization alert.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected findings on a
standalone application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is presented with
notifications for cases with suspected findings. Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for
informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the
original medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on the user’s
professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians are responsible for
viewing full images per the standard of care.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
       ☒ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   ☐ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including
          the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and
         complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
          other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human
                                           Services Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                             Page 1 of 1                                           PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Summary
                           Aidoc Medical, Ltd.’s BriefCase
                                   K221330

Submitter:           Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
                  3 Aminadav St.
                        Tel-Aviv, Israel
                   Phone: +972-73-7946870

Contact Person:      Amalia Schreier, LLM

Date Prepared:     November 17, 2022

Name of Device:     BriefCase

Classification Name: Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
                     device

Regulatory Class:    Class II

Product Code:     QAS (21 C.F.R. 892.2080)

Primary Predicate Device:   BriefCase (for iPE triage, K203508)

Device Description

BriefCase is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device. The  software
system is based on an algorithm programmed component and consists of a standard off-the-shelf
operating system, the Microsoft Windows server 2012 64bit, and additional applications, which include
PostgreSQL, DICOM module and the BriefCase Image Processing Application. The device consists
of the following three modules: (1) Aidoc Hospital Server (AHS/Orchestrator) for image acquisition; (2)
Aidoc Cloud Server (ACS) for image processing; and (3) Aidoc Desktop Application for workflow
integration.

DICOM images are received, saved, filtered and de-identified before processing.  Filtration matches
metadata fields with keywords. Series are processed chronologically by running the algorithms on
each series to detect suspected cases. The software then flags suspect cases by sending notifications
to the desktop application, thereby facilitating triage and prioritization by the user. As the BriefCase
software platform harbors several triage algorithms, the user may opt to filter out notifications by
pathology, e.g., a chest radiologist may choose to filter out alerts on VO cases, and a neuro-radiologist
would opt to divert vertically malpositioned ETT in relation to the carina alerts. Where several medical
centers are linked to a shared PACS, a user may read cases for a certain center but not for another,
and thus may opt to filter out alerts by center. Activating the filter does not impact the order in which
notifications are presented in the Aidoc desktop application.

The desktop application feed displays all incoming suspect cases, each notified case in a line.
Hovering over a line in the feed pops up a compressed, low-quality, grayscale, unannotated image
that is captioned “not for diagnostic use” and is displayed as a preview function. This compressed
preview is meant for informational purposes only, does not contain any marking of the findings, and is
not intended for primary diagnosis beyond notification.

Presenting the users with worklist prioritization facilitates earlier triage by prompting the user to assess
the relevant original images in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention earlier than would
have been the case in the standard of care practice alone.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

BriefCase is a radiological computer-aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the
analysis of frontal chest X-ray (CXR) images in adults or transitional adolescents aged 18 and older.
The device is intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained medical specialists in
workflow triage by flagging and communicating suspected positive cases of vertically malpositioned
endotracheal tube (ETT) in relation to the carina.

Findings are flagged when the ETT distal tip is assessed as being more than 5 cm above the carina,
less than 2 cm above the carina, or when  it is below the carina  (i.e in the right or left mainstem
bronchus).

The device assesses solely the vertical position of the ETT distal tip relative to the carina, does not
factor patient positioning, and cannot detect esophageal intubation. The device does not provide
results when the carina is not well-visualized on the x-ray image. The device does not discriminate
types of ETTs, as such a properly positioned double lumen ETT may trigger a false prioritization alert.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected
findings on a standalone application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation.
The user is presented with notifications for cases with suspected findings. Notifications include
compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only and not intended for
diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical image and is not
intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and
based on the user’s professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images.
Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The subject BriefCase for vertically malpositioned ETT in relation to the carina triage and primary
predicate BriefCase for iPE triage (K203508) are identical in all aspects and defer only with respect to
the training of the algorithm on vertically malpositioned ETT in relation to the carina vs iPE images.

Both devices are radiological computer-aided triage and notification software programs. Both devices
are  artificial intelligence, deep-learning algorithms incorporating software packages for use with
DICOM 3.0 compliant x-ray scanners, PACS, and radiology workstations. The predicate BriefCase for
iPE evaluates images from CT scanners and the proposed Briefcase for vertically malpositioned ETT
in relation to the carina evaluates images from X-ray scanners.

The proposed device for vertically malpositioned ETT in relation to the carina triage has identical
technology and design as the predicate device, and similar indications for use, i.e., both devices are
intended to aid in prioritization and triage of time-critical  radiological images. The subject and
predicate BriefCase devices raise the same types of safety and effectiveness questions, namely,


                                      2

accurate detection of findings within the processed study. It is important to note that, like the predicate,
the subject device neither removes cases from the standard of care reading queue nor deprioritized
cases. Both devices operate in parallel with the standard of care, which remains the default option for
all cases. A table comparing the key features of the subject and the predicate devices is provided
below.

                           Table 1. Key Feature Comparison

                          Predicate Device                     Subject Device
                  Aidoc Briefcase for iPE Triage        Aidoc Briefcase for Vertically
                            (K203508)              Malpositioned ETT in Relation to the
                                                          Carina Triage (K221330)
 Intended Use  /  BriefCase  is a radiological computer  BriefCase is a radiological computerIndications   for  aided triage and notification software  aided triage and notification software
 Use              indicated  for use  in the analysis  of  indicated  for use  in the analysis  of
                   contrast enhanced chest CTs (but not   frontal chest X-ray (CXR) images  in
                  dedicated CTPA protocol). The device  adults or transitional adolescents aged
                        is intended to assist hospital networks  18 and older. The device is intended to
               and  trained  medical  specialists  in   assist    hospital    networks   and
                  workflow   triage  by   flagging  and  appropriately      trained     medical
                 communication  of  suspect  positive   specialists   in  workflow   triage  by
                cases    of    incidental   Pulmonary  flagging and communicating suspected
                Embolism (iPE) pathologies.              positive    cases     of      vertically
                                                         malpositioned endotracheal tube (ETT)
                  BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence   in relation to the carina.
                   algorithm to analyze images and flag
                 suspect cases on a standalone desktop  Findings are flagged when the ETT
                    application in parallel to the ongoing   distal tip is assessed as being more
                  standard of care image interpretation.  than 5 cm above the carina, less than 2
               The user is presented with notifications  cm above the carina, or when it is below
                      for suspect cases. Notifications include  the carina    (i.e  in the  right or  left
                compressed preview images that are  mainstem bronchus).
               meant for informational purposes only
                                               The device assesses solely the vertical               and not intended  for diagnostic use
                                                              position of the ETT distal tip relative to                beyond notification. The device does
                                                          the  carina, does  not  factor  patient                   not alter the original medical image and
                                                                positioning,   and   cannot    detect
                        is  not  intended  to be used as a
                                                    esophageal  intubation.  The  device
                   diagnostic device.
                                                  does  not  provide  results when  the
                                                           carina is not well-visualized on the x-ray
               The results of BriefCase are intended to                                                      image.   The   device   does   not
               be used  in  conjunction  with  other                                                             discriminate types of ETTs, as such a
                    patient information and based on their                                                            properly positioned double lumen ETT
                   professional judgment, to assist with                                           may trigger a false prioritization alert.
                      triage/prioritization of medical images.
                    Notified clinicians are responsible for  BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence
                                                           algorithm  to  analyze  images  and

                                      3

Predicate Device                     Subject Device
                 Aidoc Briefcase for iPE Triage        Aidoc Briefcase for Vertically
                           (K203508)              Malpositioned ETT in Relation to the
                                                         Carina Triage (K221330)
                 viewing full images per the standard of   highlight cases with detected findings
                  care.                             on a standalone application in parallel
                                                                to the ongoing standard of care image
                                                                 interpretation. The user  is presented
                                                           with   notifications   for  cases   with
                                                    suspected    findings.    Notifications
                                                          include compressed preview images
                                                               that  are  meant   for   informational
                                                   purposes only and not intended  for
                                                           diagnostic use beyond notification. The
                                                       device  does  not  alter  the  original
                                                      medical image and is not intended to be
                                                 used as a diagnostic device.

                                              The results of BriefCase are intended to
                                               be  used  in  conjunction  with  other
                                                              patient information and based on the
                                                           user’s professional judgment, to assist
                                                           with   triage/prioritization  of  medical
                                                     images.    Notified    clinicians   are
                                                         responsible for viewing full images per
                                                         the standard of care.


User population  Hospital  networks and  appropriately  Hospital  networks and  appropriately
                  trained medical specialists               trained medical specialists

Anatomical      Chest                              Chest
region        of
interest
Data            Contrast-enhanced chest CTs (but not   Frontal Chest X-ray (CXR)
acquisition       dedicated CTPA protocol)
protocol
Notification-     Yes                             Yes
only
(/notification
alerts),  parallel
workflow tool
Images       DICOM                      DICOM
format


                                     4

Predicate Device                     Subject Device
                  Aidoc Briefcase for iPE Triage        Aidoc Briefcase for Vertically
                            (K203508)              Malpositioned ETT in Relation to the
                                                          Carina Triage (K221330)
 Interference     No. No cases are removed from        No. No cases are removed from
 with   standard  Worklist or deprioritized.               desktop app or deprioritized
 workflow
 Inclusion/         Inclusion criteria                         Inclusion criteria
 Exclusion         ●  Contrast-enhanced chest CTs (but   ●  Frontal Chest X-ray protocol.
 criteria              not dedicated CTPA protocol.         ● Images  performed  on   adults/
                   ●  Single energy exams.                      transitional adults ≥ 18 years of age.
                   ● Scans performed with a 64 slice or
                       greater number of detectors.         Exclusion Criteria
                   ● Scans   performed   on   adults/   ●  All   x-ray  images   that  have
                         transitional adults ≥ 18 years of age.     inadequate field of view.The device
                   ●  Slice thickness: 0.5mm – 2.0mm     does not provide results when the
                          axial.                                   carina is not well-visualized on the
                                                                x-ray image.
                  Exclusion Criteria
                   ●  All  studies  that  are  technically
                      inadequate, including studies with
                    motion   artifacts,  severe  metal
                           artifacts, or inadequate field of view.
 Algorithm           Artificial  intelligence  algorithm  with   Artificial  intelligence  algorithm  with
                 database of images.                  database of images.
 Structure         ● AHS module (image acquisition);     ● AHS module (orchestrator, image
                   ● ACS module (image processing);         acquisition);
                   ●  Aidoc   Worklist   application   for   ● ACS module (image processing);
                     workflow integration (worklist and   ●  Aidoc  Desktop   application   for
                      non-diagnostic Image Viewer).          workflow integration (feed and nondiagnostic Image Viewer).

Performance Data

Pivotal Study Summary

Aidoc conducted a retrospective, blinded, multicenter, study with the BriefCase software to evaluate
the software’s performance in identifying chest X-ray (CXR) images of vertically malpositioned
endotracheal tube (ETT) in relation to the carina in 921 cases from 5 US-based clinical sites. The
software’s performance was compared to the ground truth as determined by 2 out of 3 majority voting
senior board-certified radiologists. The cases collected for the pivotal dataset were all distinct in time
or center from the cases used to train the algorithm.

Primary endpoints were sensitivity and specificity with an 80% performance goal.


                                      5

Secondary endpoints were BriefCase time-to-notification compared to the predicate device, Positive
Predictive Value (PPV), Negative Predictive Value (NPV), Positive Likelihood Ratio (PLR), and
Negative Likelihood Ratio (NLR) were also assessed.

Primary Endpoint

Sensitivity and specificity exceeded the 80% performance goal. Sensitivity was 86.81% (95% CI:
81.02%-91.36%) and Specificity was 92.02% (95% CI: 89.20%-93.87%).

Secondary Endpoint

In addition, the time-to-notification metric observed for the BriefCase software in the five medical
centers was compared to the equivalent metric of the predicate devices.

-    The BriefCase time-to-notification includes the time to get the DICOM exam, de-identify  it,
     upload it to the cloud, analyze and send a notification on a positive suspect case back to the
     desktop application.

The BriefCase time-to-notification was measured for all True Positive cases (i.e., identified as positive
both by the reviewers as well as the BriefCase device) and is given in Table 2 below.

The secondary measure of time-to-notification analysis demonstrated that standard of care time-toexam-open (157.0 minutes: 95% CI: 155.0-159.0; Median: 50.0 IQR: 156.0) was substantially longer
than the parallel time-to-notification of the BriefCase for Malpositioned Endotracheal Tube (ETT)
device (4.93 minutes, 95% CI: 4.64-5.22; Median: 4.13 IQR: 0.76). The mean difference of 152.07
minutes between these two measures quantifies effective triage by the device.

                            Table 2. Time Saving Data (Sec)

         Time-to-notification  Mean   N    95%     95%    Median   IQR
                           Estimate      Lower CL Upper CL
        Standard of Care       157.0    197    155.0     159.0     50.0    156.0
       Time-To-Exam-Open
        BriefCase   Time-to-   4.93    182     4.64      5.22      4.13     0.76
          notification


NPV was 98.43% (95% CI: 97.74% - 98.92%), 96.54% (95% CI: 95.05% 97.59%) and 94.21% (95%
CI: 91.81% 95.94%) at 10%, 20% and 30% positive prevalence.
PPV was 54.71% (95% CI: 48.45% 60.83%), 73.11% (95% CI: 67.89%- 77.75%) and 82.33% (95%
CI: 78.38%- 85.70%) at 10%, 20% and 30% positive prevalence.

PLR was 10.874 (95% CI: 8.458-13.979) and NLR was 0.143 (95% CI: 0.099- 0.208).


Thus, the reported similar time-to-notification data demonstrates that when using the subject BriefCase
for vertically malpositioned ETT in relation to the carina triage the radiologists may have the same
benefit in time saving as with the BriefCase for iPE triage.

                                      6

As can be seen in Table 3 the mean age of patients whose images were reviewed for vertically
malpositioned ETT in relation to the carina was  62.5 years, with standard deviation of 17.0 years.
Gender distribution was 58.52% male, and 41.37% female (Table 4). X-ray scanner distribution can
also be found in Table 5 below.

                         Table 3. Descriptive Statistics for Age

                    Mean     Std     Min   Median   Max    N
             Age       62.5     17.0     18.0     64.0     90      921
               (Years)


                       Table 4. Frequency Distribution of Gender *


                                  Gender                 All
                  Ground
                      Truth      Male      Female
                     Results
                       N   %   N   %   N   %

                       Positive     112  12.16    70   7.60   182  19.76

                    Negative    427  46.36   311  33.77   738  80.13

                           All         439  58.52   381  41.37  920*  100.0

         * The gender of 1 case remained unknown due to incomplete DICOM tag information

                     Table 5. Frequency Distribution of Manufacturer


                           Manufacturer    N    %

                             Carestream     358      38.9

                           Canon       223      24.2

                            Siemens      186      20.2

                                      Philips       154      16.7

                                     Total        921    100%


Tables 6-8 below detail the distribution of pathologies with and without ETT in negative cases,
distribution of ETT in negative cases, distribution of other (no ETT) tubes, lines and life support devices
in positive cases.


                                      7

Table 6. Distribution of Pathologies with and without ETT in Negative Cases


         Pathology        N     %       N      %

                             (w/o   (w/o ETT)    (w/ ETT)     (w/ ETT)
                          ETT)


  Fully Negative              84     11.4%        0        0.0%


  Other (non ETT ) tubes,lines   220     29.8%       164       22.2%
  and life support devices*

  Inflammatory              185     25.1%       57        7.7%


  Post op                   133     18.0%       58        7.9%


  Cardiovascular             94     12.7%       45        6.1%


  Lung pathologies            46      6.2%        7        0.9%


  Pneumothorax              36      4.9%        5        0.7%


  Infectious                  33      4.5%        6        0.8%


  Trauma                   14      1.9%        2        0.3%


  Neoplastic                 13      1.8%        3        0.4%


  Chronic diseases            2      0.3%        0        0.0%


 None of the above           28      3.8%        7        0.9%


                              8

Table 7. Distribution of ETT in Negative Cases


                            Pathology        N     %


                      With correctly positioned     199     26.9%
                  ETT

                      With no ETT               540     73.1%


  Table 8. Distribution of Other (no ETT) Tubes, Lines and Life Support Devices in Positive
                                   Cases


                            Pathology        N     %


                      Other tubes, lines and life    144     60.0%
                       support devices

                 No other tubes, lines and     96     40.0%
                                   life support devices


Other (non-ETT) tubes, lines & life support devices' includes a variety of tubes, lines, catheters,
monitoring devices and other life support devices. For example: enteric tube (nasogastric/orogastric),
chest tube, mediastinal drains, internal jugular central venous catheter, PICC, ECMO cannula, EKG
leads, Mediport, etc.

Clinical Subgroups And Confounders:

-     Pathologies present in negative cases: Fully Negative; Other (non ETT) tubes, lines and life
     support devices; Inflammatory; Post op; Cardiovascular; Lung pathologies; Pneumothorax;
      Infectious; Trauma; Neoplastic; Chronic diseases; None of the above.

-     Tip position sub-types: Too high; Too low (Trachea); Too low (Bronchus); Too low  - right
     mainstem bronchus; Too low - left mainstem bronchus. An additional enriched dataset was
      collected for Tip position sub-types analysis on 327 positive cases.

Conclusions

The subject BriefCase for vertically malpositioned ETT in relation to the carina triage and the predicate
BriefCase for iPE triage are intended to aid in prioritization and triage of radiological images for the
indications of malpositioned endotracheal tube and incidental pulmonary embolism, respectively. Both
devices are software packages with the same technological characteristics and principles of operation,

                                      9

incorporating deep learning AI algorithms that process images, and software to send notifications and
display unannotated compressed low-quality preview images. In both devices, the labeling clearly
states that the devices are not for diagnostic use  and instructs the user to further evaluate and
diagnose based only on the original images in the local PACS.

Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not change
the original image, do not provide any marking on the output preview, do not remove images from the
standard of care FIFO queue and do not de-prioritize cases, thus not disturbing standard interpretation
of the images. Both devices notify the radiologist of time-sensitive critical cases within the range of
several minutes, and thus contribute similarly to the standard of care workflow turnaround time
reduction through preemptive triage.

The subject BriefCase device for vertically malpositioned ETT in relation to the carina triage is thus
substantially equivalent to the primary predicate BriefCase for iPE triage.


                                     10