Avicenna.ai
℅ John Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 13th Street, NW
WASHINGTON, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 20004

                                                                November 22, 2022
Re: K221716
    Trade/Device Name: Cina
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Aided Triage And Notification Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: October 21, 2022
    Received: October 25, 2022

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K221716 - John Smith                                                                 Page 2


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb,
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices and
                                                Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES          Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                    Food and Drug Administration                           Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                          See PRA Statement on last page

510(k) Number K221716
Device Name
Cina
Indications for Use (Describe)

Cina is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the analysis of (1) non-enhanced
head CT images and (2) CT angiography of the head.

The device is intended to assist hospital networks and trained radiologists in workflow triage by flagging and communicating
suspected positive findings of (1) head CT images for Intracranial Hemorrhage (ICH) and (2) head CT angiography for large
vessel occlusion (LVO) of the anterior circulation (distal ICA, MCA-M1 or proximal MCA-M2). Cina uses an artificial
intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected (1) ICH or (2) LVO on a standalone Web application
in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is presented with notifications for cases with suspected
ICH or LVO findings.

Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only, and are not intended for
diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical image, and it is not intended to be used as a
diagnostic device.

The results of Cina are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on professional judgement
to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians are ultimately responsible for reviewing full images
per the standard of care.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
        ☑Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)        ☐Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

PLEASE DO NOT WRITE BELOW THIS LINE – CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.


                         FOR FDA USE ONLY
Concurrence of Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH) (Signature)


                This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
   *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
     The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including
      the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and
     complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
      other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                     Department of Health and Human
                                       Services Food and Drug Administration
                                         Office of Chief Information Officer
                                     Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA)
                                                Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
       “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                          information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                        Page 1 of 1 FDA                          PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K221716


                                    510(k) SUMMARY

                              AVICENNA.AI’s Cina


      I.  Submitter

        Applicant:
            AVICENNA.AI
            Espace Mistral- Batiment A
            297 Avenue du Mistral
            13600 La Ciotat
             France

       Contact Person:
             Stephane Berger
              Regulatory Manager
             Phone: +33 612122813
               E-mail: stephane.berger@avicenna.ai

            John J. Smith, MD, JD
               Partner, Hogan Lovells US LLP
             Phone: +1 202 637 3638
               E-mail: john.smith@hoganlovells.com

      Date prepared: November, 22, 2022


      II.  Device Identification

        Name of Device:         Cina
            Classification Name:      Radiological Computer-Assisted Triage And
                                         Notification Software
           Regulation No:          21 CFR § 892.2080
          Product Code:        QAS
           Regulatory Class:        Class II
            Classification Panel:      Radiology devices


      III. Predicate Device

The Cina is claimed to be substantially equivalent to Cina (K200855).


    IV. Purpose of the Special 510(k) Notice

The modifications to Cina consist in minor software changes and labeling updates.

The main following modification that has been made is to the indications for use of the device within
the labeling:

        Indications for use have been modified with new information to include:

“large vessel occlusion (LVO) of the anterior circulation (distal ICA, MCA-M1 or
       proximal MCA-M2).”

    V. Intended Use / Indications for Use

Cina is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the
analysis of (1) non-enhanced head CT images and (2) CT angiography of the head. The device is
intended to assist hospital networks and trained radiologists in workflow triage by flagging and
communicating suspected positive findings of (1) head CT images for Intracranial Hemorrhage
(ICH) and (2) head CT angiography for large vessel occlusion (LVO) of the anterior circulation
(distal ICA, MCA-M1 or proximal MCA-M2).

Cina uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected
(1) ICH or (2) LVO on a standalone Web application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care
image interpretation. The user is presented with notifications for cases with suspected ICH or LVO
findings. Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant  for informational
purposes only, and are not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not
alter the original medical image, and it is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of Cina are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based
on professional judgement to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians
are ultimately responsible for reviewing full images per the standard of care.

    VI. Device Description

Cina is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device.

The software system is based on algorithm-programmed components and is comprised of a
standard off-the-shelf operating system and additional image processing applications.

DICOM images are received, recorded and filtered before processing. The series are processed
chronologically by running algorithms on each series to detect suspicious results of an intracranial
hemorrhage (ICH) or a large vessel occlusion (LVO), then notifications on the flagged series are
sent to the Worklist Application.

The Worklist Application (on premise) displays the pop-up notifications of new studies with
suspected findings when they come in, and provides both active and passive notifications. Active
notifications are in the form of a small pop-up containing patient name, accession number and the
type of suspected findings (ICH or LVO). All the non-enhanced head CT images and head CT
angiography studies received by Cina device are displayed in the worklist and those on which the
algorithms have detected a suspected finding (ICH or LVO) are marked with an icon (i.e., passive
notification). In addition, a compressed, small black and white image that is marked “not for
diagnostic use”  is displayed as a preview function. This compressed preview  is meant for
informational purposes only, does not contain any marking of the findings, and is not intended for
primary diagnosis beyond notification. Presenting the radiologist with notification facilitates earlier
triage by allowing one to prioritize images in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention
earlier than would have been the case in the standard of care practice alone.

     VII. Summary of Technological Characteristics

The subject and predicate devices have the same technological characteristics.

Cina runs on a standard “off the shelf” server/workstation and is made of the following software
components:

      Cina Image Processing Applications including two applications: ICH and LVO;
      Cina Platform server that includes the Worklist client application in which notifications from
       the Cina Image Processing applications (ICH and LVO) are received.

Cina receives scans  identified by the Cina  Platform  or  other compatible medical image
communications device, processes them using algorithmic methods involving execution of multiple
computational steps to identify suspected presence of ICH or LVO and generates results files to
be transferred by Cina Platform or a similar medical image communications device for output to a
PACS system or workstation for worklist prioritization. Each of these components  is briefly
described below.

         VII.1. Cina Platform

The Cina platform is an example of medical image communications platform for integrating and
deploying the Cina ICH and LVO image processing applications.  It provides the necessary
requirements for interoperability based on the standardized DICOM protocol and services to
communicate with existing systems in the hospital radiology department such as CT modalities or
other DICOM nodes (DICOM router or PACS for example). It is responsible for transferring, storing,
converting formats, notifying of suspected findings and displaying medical device data such as
radiological data. The Cina Platform server includes the Worklist client application in which
notifications from the Cina Image Processing applications (ICH and LVO) are received.

         VII.2. ICH Application

The ICH application includes the software algorithm responsible for identifying and quantifying
image characteristics that are consistent with an ICH. This application reads provided DICOM files,
checks the DICOM properties to verify the compatibility with the recommended acquisition protocol,
launches the algorithm and provides notification results (when an ICH is detected) compatible with
the Cina Platform and with DICOM format.

         VII.3. LVO Application

The LVO application includes the software algorithm responsible for identifying and quantifying
image characteristics that are consistent with an LVO.  This application reads provided DICOM
files, checks the DICOM properties to verify the compatibility with recommended acquisition
protocol, launches the algorithm part and provides notification results (when a LVO is detected)
compatible with the Cina Platform and with DICOM format.

     VIII.   Substantial Equivalence

The subject and predicate devices have a similar intended use, technological characteristics, and
principles of operation. The only difference is that the intended use of the subject has been revised
to include the vessels (arteries) for which the device was designed and tested to detect LVO (the
anterior circulation: distal ICA, MCA-M1 or proximal MCA-M2). Both devices are intended to provide
the users with notifications and unannotated preview images of suspect studies for the purpose of
preemptive triage, and are therefore substantially equivalent. A table comparing the key features
of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.

Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Chart

               Subject device: Cina Software     Predicate device: Cina software
                                               (K200855)
Intended Use /   Cina is a radiological computer      Cina is a radiological computer aided
Indications for   aided triage and notification           triage and notification software
Use             software indicated for use in the      indicated for use in the analysis of (1)
                 analysis of (1) non-enhanced head   non-enhanced head CT images and
            CT images and (2) CT angiography   (2) CT angiographies of the head.
                   of the head.
                                           The device is intended to assist
              The device is intended to assist       hospital networks and trained
                  hospital networks and trained         radiologists in workflow triage by
                  radiologists in workflow triage by      flagging and communicating
                  flagging and communicating         suspected positive findings of (1) head
               suspected positive findings of (1)    CT images for Intracranial
              head CT images for Intracranial     Hemorrhage (ICH) and (2) CT
              Hemorrhage (ICH) and (2) CT        angiographies of the head for large
                angiography of the head for large     vessel occlusion (LVO).
                 vessel occlusion (LVO) of the
                  anterior circulation (distal ICA,
            MCA-M1 or proximal MCA-M2).

               Cina uses an artificial intelligence    Cina uses an artificial intelligence
                 algorithm to analyze images and      algorithm to analyze images and
                   highlight cases with detected (1)       highlight cases with detected (1) ICH
              ICH or (2) LVO on a standalone       or (2) LVO on a standalone Web
           Web application in parallel to the      application in parallel to the ongoing
               ongoing standard of care image      standard of care image interpretation.
                   interpretation. The user is          The user is presented with
                presented with notifications for         notifications for cases with suspected
               cases with suspected ICH or LVO    ICH or LVO findings.
                   findings.
                                                           Notifications include compressed
                   Notifications include compressed     preview images that are meant for
                preview images that are meant for    informational purposes only, and are
                  informational purposes only, and     not intended for diagnostic use beyond
                are not intended for diagnostic use    notification. The device does not alter
              beyond notification. The device       the original medical image, and it is
              does not alter the original medical    not intended to be used as a
                image, and it is not intended to be    diagnostic device.
              used as a diagnostic device.
                                           The results of Cina are intended to be
              The results of Cina are intended to   used in conjunction with other patient
              be used in conjunction with other     information and based on professional
                  patient information and based on     judgment to assist with
                 professional judgment to assist with   triage/prioritization of medical images.
                    triage/prioritization of medical         Notified clinicians are ultimately
                images. Notified clinicians are        responsible for reviewing full images
                  ultimately responsible for reviewing   per the standard of care.
                        full images per the standard of care.

Subject device: Cina Software     Predicate device: Cina software
                                                (K200855)
 User             Radiologist                           Radiologist
 population
 Anatomical     Head                        Head
 region of
 interest
 Data         Non contrast CT scan of the head   Non contrast CT scan of the head or
 acquisition       or neck and CT angiogram images   neck and CT angiogram images of the
 protocol          of the brain                           brain
 View DICOM   DICOM information about the      DICOM information about the patient,
 data              patient, study and current image      study and current image
 Segmentation   No; device does not mark, highlight,  No; device does not mark, highlight, or
 of region of      or direct users’ attention to a           direct users’ attention to a specific
 interest           specific location in the original         location in the original image
               image
 Algorithm          Artificial intelligence algorithm with     Artificial intelligence algorithm with
                database of images                database of images
 Notification /    Yes                          Yes
 Prioritization
 Preview         Presentation of a preview of the      Presentation of a preview of the study
 images          study for initial assessment not         for initial assessment not meant for
               meant for diagnostic purposes.       diagnostic purposes.
              The device operates in parallel with  The device operates in parallel with
                  the standard of care, which remains   the standard of care, which remains
                  the default option for all cases.       the default option for all cases.
 Alteration of    No                        No
 original image
 Removal of    No                        No
 cases from
 worklist queue
 Structure           - LVO and ICH image processing       - LVO and ICH image processing
                   applications                           applications
                         - Cina Platform (worklist and Image    - Cina Platform (worklist and Image
                 Viewer)                            Viewer)


    IX. Summary of Performance Data

The  following performance data were provided  in support  of the  substantial equivalence
determination.

        IX.1. Software Verification and Validation Testing

The Cina device has been evaluated and verified in accordance with software specifications and
applicable performance standards through Software Development and Validation & Verification
Process to ensure performance according to specifications, User Requirements and Federal
Regulations and Guidance documents, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for
Software Contained in Medical Devices”.

        IX. 2. Performance Testing

Avicenna.AI conducted a retrospective, blinded, multicenter, multinational study with the Cina
software with the primary endpoint to evaluate the software’s performance in 1) non-contrast CT
(NCCT) head images pertaining to patient with suspected intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) findings
and 2) CT angiography (CTA) head series pertaining to patient with suspected large vessel
occlusion (LVO) findings, in 814 and 476 clinical anonymized cases, respectively. The device’s
Sensitivity and Specificity were analyzed, in addition to time-to-notification.

The data was provided from 3 clinical sources (2 US and 1 OUS). There were 255 (31.3%) positive
ICH (images with ICH) and 188 (39.5%) positive LVO (images with LVO) cases included in the
analysis. Within the 188 LVO positive cases, 156 (83%) were US and 32 (17%) OUS. Both tested
dataset (for ICH and LVO) contained a sufficient number of cases from important cohorts in terms
of imaging acquisitions (e.g., scanner makers – GE, Siemens, Philips and Toshiba/Canon; number
of detector rows, gantry  tilt and slice thickness) and patients’ groups (e.g., age, sex and US
regions).

Device sensitivities and specificities were compared to ground truth established by concurrence of
three US-board-certified neuroradiologist readers.

Sensitivity and Specificity for the “ICH” prioritization and triage application are 91.4% (95% CI:
87.2% – 94.5%) and 97.5% (95% CI: 95.8% – 98.6%), respectively. These findings achieved the
80% performance goal and are the same as those reported for Cina - ICH (K200855, the predicate
device.

The ROC curve shows an AUC of 0.94, which is also the same as for the predicate device.

Regarding the “LVO” prioritization and triage application, Sensitivity and Specificity of 97.9% (95%
CI: 94.6% – 99.4%) and 97.6% (95% CI: 95.1% – 99%), respectively are observed. These results
achieved the 80% performance goal and are the same as the ones reported for Cina - LVO
(K200855), the predicate device.

The ROC curve shows an AUC of 0.98, which is also the same as for the predicate device.

The results of the standalone assessment study demonstrated an overall agreement (accuracy) of
95.6% and 97.7% for the “ICH” and ”LVO” tested cases, respectively, when compared to the ground
truth (operators’ visual assessments).

Positive predictive value (PPV) and negative predictive value (NPV) with varying prevalence, for
both applications, are presented in Table 1 below:

      Table 1: PPV and NVP values for ICH and LVO image processing applications
                    Cina - ICH triage application       Cina - LVO triage application
   Prevalence                 PPV (%)       NPV (%)       PPV (%)       NPV (%)

     10%              80.2              99.0              81.7              99.8
     15%              86.6              98.5              87.7              99.6
     20%              90.1              97.8              91.0              99.5
     25%              92.4              97.1              93.1              99.3
     30%              94.0              96.3              94.5              99.1
     35%              95.2              95.5              95.6              98.8

40%              96.1              94.4              96.4              98.6
     45%              96.8              93.2              97.1              98.2
     50%              97.3              91.9              97.6              97.9


Additionally, both “ICH” and “LVO” prioritization and triage effectiveness were evaluated by the
standalone per-case processing time of the device (time-to-notification), the results are presented
in Table 2 below:

       Table 2: Time-to-notification for ICH and LVO image processing applications


                                      Lower        Upper
   Time-to-   MEAN ± SD   MEDIAN     95% CI       95% CI        MIN       MAX
                                         (seconds)      (seconds)  Notification    (seconds)    (seconds)                                (seconds)     (seconds)
   Cina-ICH
   (N = 814)      13.2 ± 2.9       13.2          13.0            13.4            8.6           39.1
  Cina-LVO
   (N = 476)      25.8 ± 7.0       24.7          25.1            26.4           13.0           55.3

The standalone effectiveness assessment demonstrated a substantial equivalence of the Cina -
ICH triage application when compared to the predicate device (Cina-ICH – K200855). Specifically,
the Cina’s “ICH” triage mean ± SD “time-to-notification” is estimated to 13.2 ± 2.9 seconds. This is
similar to the one reported for the predicate device (Cina-ICH – K200855: 21.6 ± 4.4 seconds).

Regarding Cina - LVO triage application, the mean ± SD “time-to-notification” is estimated to 25.8
± 7.0 seconds. This demonstrated a substantial equivalence with the predicate device (Cina-LVO
– K200855: 34.7 ± 10.7 seconds).

The performance testing of the Cina device establishes that the subject device is as safe and
effective as the predicate device. This established that the Cina device meets its intended use
statement and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


    X. Conclusions

The subject Cina device is as safe and effective as the predicate Cina, with the similar intended
use, technological characteristics, and principles of operation. Including in the intended use the
vessels (arteries) for which the device was designed and tested to detect LVO does not raise new
or different questions of safety or effectiveness.