February 15, 2023

iRhythm Technologies, Inc.
Vishal Kanani
Senior Regulatory Affairs Program Lead
699 8th Street
San Francisco, California 94103


Re: K222389
    Trade/Device Name: ZEUS System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1425
    Regulation Name: Programmable Diagnostic Computer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: DQK, DXH, DSI
    Dated: January 13, 2023
    Received: January 17, 2023

Dear Vishal Kanani:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K222389 - Vishal Kanani                                                               Page 2


You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21
CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related
adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for
combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatoryinformation/postmarketing-safety-reporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice
requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current
good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the
electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                      Shruti N. Mistry -S
                                              for
                                                 Jennifer Shih Kozen
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                Diagnostics and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K222389

Device Name
ZEUS System


Indications for Use (Describe)
The device is intended to capture, analyze and report symptomatic and asymptomatic cardiac events and continuous
electrocardiogram information for long-term monitoring. After wear, ECG data from compatible monitoring devices is
processed and analyzed by the ZEUS System. A final report is generated on the beat-to-beat information from the entire
ECG recording. For the Zio AT service, the ZEUS System supports the capture and analysis of automatically-detected
arrhythmia events, as well as the analysis of uploaded patient-triggered events.

The ZEUS System is indicated for use on patients 18 years or older who may be asymptomatic or who may suffer from
transient symptoms such as palpitations, shortness of breath, dizziness, light-headedness, pre-syncope, syncope, fatigue,
or anxiety and patients who are asymptomatic. The reports are provided for review by the intended user to render a
diagnosis based on clinical judgment and experience. It is not intended for use on critical care patients.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

iRhythm Technologies, Inc.                ZEUS System                           Traditional 510(k)


                                    510(k) Notification K222389

I.      General Information

        Applicant:
       iRhythm Technologies, Inc.
      699 8th Street, Suite 600
       San Francisco, CA 94103 USA
       Phone: 415-632-5700
        Fax: 415-632-5701

       Contact Person:
        Vishal Kanani
       Manager, Regulatory Affairs
       Phone: 213-400-0963
        Email: vishal.kanani@irhythmtech.com

       Date Prepared: July 29, 2022

II.     Device Information
       Trade Name:
      ZEUS System
      Generic/Common Name:
       Programmable diagnostic computer
         Classification Names:
           •  Programmable diagnostic computer [21CFR§870.1425]
           •   Arrhythmia detector and alarm (including ST-segment measurement and alarm)
              [21CFR§870.1025]
           •   Telephone electrographic transmitter and receiver [21CFR§870.2920]
       Regulatory Class:
        Class II (Special controls)
       Product Codes:
           •  DQK, Computer, Diagnostic, Programmable
           •   DSI, Detector and Alarm, Arrhythmia
           •  DXH, Transmitters and Receivers, Electrocardiographic, Telephone

III.     Predicate Devices
       The following predicate devices have been selected:
           •   Primary Predicate: iRhythm Technologies, Inc. Zio® ECG Utilization Service (ZEUS)
             System [K202527]


                                                                               Page 1 of 4
K222389

iRhythm Technologies, Inc.                ZEUS System                           Traditional 510(k)

IV.     Indications for Use
       The Indications for Use statement for the subject ZEUS System is as follows:

       The device is intended to capture, analyze and report symptomatic and asymptomatic cardiac
       events and continuous electrocardiogram information for long-term monitoring. After wear,
      ECG data from compatible monitoring devices is processed and analyzed by the ZEUS System. A
         final report is generated on the beat-to-beat information from the entire ECG recording. For the
        Zio AT service, the ZEUS System supports the capture and analysis of automatically-detected
       arrhythmia events, as well as the analysis of uploaded patient-triggered events.
       The ZEUS System is indicated for use on patients 18 years or older who may be asymptomatic or
      who may suffer from transient symptoms such as palpitations, shortness of breath, dizziness,
        light-headedness, pre-syncope, syncope, fatigue, or anxiety and patients who are asymptomatic.
       The reports are provided for review by the intended user to render a diagnosis based on clinical
       judgment and experience. It is not intended for use on critical care patients.
V.     Device Description
       The Zio® Service consists of single-patient-use monitoring devices and the Zio ECG Utilization
       Software (ZEUS) System, the subject device of this submission, for analysis and reporting of
        cardiac information derived from ECG data. The ZEUS System is a software system consisting of
       a collection of software modules designed to store and analyze data from compatible cardiac
       monitoring devices to curate a report of preliminary findings intended for use by clinicians as an
        aid in arrhythmia diagnosis and management.
       The subject ZEUS System utilizes an artificial intelligence (AI) AI-based AutoTrigger Engine (ATE)
       software application for processing requests originating from the Gateway Service as part of
       the Zio AT system enabling asymptomatic ECG triggers, and AI-based ECG Analysis Software
       (ECGDL) to generate the initial ECG-based cardiac information.
       The output of ECG Analysis Software of the ZEUS System is used by Certified Cardiographic
        Technicians (CCTs) prior to publishing the cardiac information in the patient report and is not
         utilized directly by the prescribing clinician or patient. The reported cardiac information
        includes beats, ectopic runs, ECG segments, rhythms, and heart rate measurements. Recorded
      ECG is processed by an automated ECG analysis platform; results are quality reviewed by CCTs,
        findings and associated ECG are captured in a report provided to clinicians via a secure website.
       For the Zio® AT Patch/Gateway, the ZEUS System provides capabilities to automatically detect
          clinically actionable arrhythmia during the monitoring period, as well as receive baseline,
        scheduled, symptomatic, and asymptomatic transmissions.

       The subject of this 510(k) are proposed software modifications to the ZEUS System to allow
       AF/AFL burden estimate reporting in the daily reports. In addition, software modifications were
      made to the ECGDL software of the ZEUS System to target modest performance improvements.

VI.    Comparison of Technological Characteristics with Predicate Devices (Substantial Equivalence)
       The subject ZEUS System has the same intended use as the predicate devices. The differences in
       the technological characteristics between the subject and predicate devices do not raise any
        issues of safety or efficacy as the fundamental scientific technology and intended use is
       unchanged. Thus, the ZEUS System is considered substantially equivalent to the predicate
        device.


                                                                               Page 2 of 4
K222389

iRhythm Technologies, Inc.                ZEUS System                           Traditional 510(k)

      A comparison table outlining the differences and similarities between the subject device and the
        predicate devices is provided in Table 1.
Table 1: Substantial Equivalence Summary Table
 Feature               Subject Device:                      Primary Predicate Device: ZEUS
                    ZEUS System                      System
                                                          (K202527)
 Manufacturer         iRhythm Technologies, Inc.               Identical
  Classification           Class II                                    Identical
 Product Code           Classification Product Code: DQK       Identical

                     Subsequent Product Codes: DSI, DXH
 Review Panel           Cardiovascular                            Identical
 Prescription/OTC       Prescription                              Identical
 Rhythm Detection     ECGDL                                    Identical
 Algorithm
 Beat Detection       ECGDL                         Same
                       •   Zio XT Patch                          Identical
                       •   Zio AT Patch  Interoperability
                       •   Zio Monitor

                       •   Final Report                       •   Final Report
 AF Burden Reporting   •   Daily Report (AF Burden
                             Estimates)

VII.    Performance Data
        Safety and performance of the subject ZEUS System has been evaluated and verified in
       accordance with design specifications and to support a determination of substantial equivalence
        to the predicate device.

       The design verification and validation testing performed on the subject device demonstrates
        that the subject ZEUS System is in conformance with FDA-recognized consensus standards and
      FDA guidance documents as highlighted in Table 2.

Table 2: FDA-Recognized Consensus Standards & Guidance Document Summary
 FDA #       Body            Number/Version         Title
 5-40        AAMI ANSI ISO     14971:2012(R)2010     Medical Devices – Application of Risk
                                  (Corrected 4 October   Management to Medical Devices
                                 2017)
 13-79         IEC              62304 Edition 1.1       Medical Device Software - Software Life
                                2015-06                Cycle Processes
                            CONSOLIDATED
                             VERSION
 3-127       AAMI ANSI IEC     60601-2-47:2012       Medical Electrical Equipment -- Part 2-47:
                                                                Particular Requirements For The Basic
                                                           Safety And Essential Performance Of
                                                     Ambulatory Electrocardiographic Systems
 3-118       AAMI ANSI        EC57:2012              Testing and Reporting Performance Results
                                                            of Cardiac Rhythm and ST Segment
                                                Measurement Algorithms
                                                                               Page 3 of 4
K222389

iRhythm Technologies, Inc.                ZEUS System                           Traditional 510(k)

 N/A           U.S. FDA          October 2, 2014        Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff –
                                                     Content of Premarket Submissions for
                                              Management of Cybersecurity in Medical
                                                         Devices
 N/A           U.S. FDA        May 5, 2005           Guidance for the Content of Premarket
                                                       Submissions for Software Contained in
                                                      Medical Devices
 N/A           U.S. FDA          September 6, 2017      Design Considerations and Premarket
                                                      Submission Recommendations for
                                                           Interoperable
 N/A           U.S. FDA             July 2014             The 510(k) Program: Evaluating Substantial
                                                        Equivalence in Premarket Notifications
                                                                [510(k)]

       The nonclinical verification and performance test results established that the device meets its
       design requirements and intended use, that the design differences with the cleared device do
       not raise new questions of safety and efficacy. During development, potential hazards were
       evaluated and controlled by risk management activities, including risk analysis, risk mitigation,
         verification and benefit-risk analysis. The verification and validation testing demonstrate that
       the device meets all predetermined specifications.

VIII.    Clinical Testing in Support of Substantial Equivalence Determination
      No clinical testing was performed in support of this premarket notification.

IX.     Conclusion
       The results confirm by evaluation and provision of objective evidence that the design outputs
      met the design input requirements. The results of the nonclinical testing performed
       demonstrate that the subject ZEUS System meets the requirements of established conformance
       standards and performance specifications necessary for its intended use and does not raise new
        questions of safety or effectiveness as compared to the predicate device. The subject ZEUS
       System is substantially equivalent to its predicate device.


                                                                               Page 4 of 4
K222389