Circle Cardiovascular Imaging, Inc.
℅ Sydney Toutant
Regulatory Affairs Lead
Suite 1100 - 800 5th Ave. SW
Calgary, Alberta T2P 3T6
CANADA                                                         January 18, 2023

Re: K222593
    Trade/Device Name: TruPlan Computed Tomography (CT) Imaging Software
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: December 9, 2022
    Received: December 9, 2022

Dear Sydney Toutant:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K222593 - Sydney Toutant                                                             Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices
                                           and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K222593

Device Name
TruPlan Computed Tomography (CT) Imaging Software


Indications for Use (Describe)
TruPlan enables visualization and measurement of structures of the heart and vessels for:
• Pre-procedural planning and sizing for the left atrial appendage closure (LAAC) procedure
• Post-procedural evaluation for the LAAC procedure

To facilitate the above, TruPlan provides general functionality such as:
• Segmentation of cardiovascular structures
• Visualization and image reconstruction techniques: 2D review, Volume Rendering, MPR
• Simulation of TEE views, ICE views, and fluoroscopic rendering
• Measurement and annotation tools
• Reporting tools

TruPlan’s intended patient population is comprised of adult patients.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K222593 - TruPlan 510(k) Summary


The following 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance
with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92(c).


      I.    SUBMITTER

Submitter’s Name:          Circle Cardiovascular Imaging, Inc.
Address:                   Suite 1100 – 800 5th Ave SW, Calgary, AB, Canada, T2P 3T6
Date Prepared:            January 16 2023
Telephone Number:       +1 587 747 4692
Contact Person :         Sydney Toutant
Email:                     sydney.toutant@circlecvi.com


      II.    DEVICE

Name of the Device:       TruPlan Computed Tomography (CT) Imaging Software
Short Brand Name:        TruPlan
Common or Usual Name:  Automated Radiological Image Processing System
Classification Name:       Medical image management and processing system
Proposed Classification:   Device Class: II
                           Primary Product Code: QIH
                         Secondary Product Code: LLZ
                           Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050


      III.   PREDICATE DEVICES

The primary predicate is the previously cleared version of TruPlan, manufactured by Circle CVI
and cleared under K202212. 3mensio Workstation, manufactured by Pie Medical Imaging and
cleared under K153736, is used as a secondary predicate.

The predicate devices have not been subject to a design-related recall.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 1 of 8

K222593 - TruPlan 510(k) Summary

    IV.   DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The TruPlan Computed Tomography (CT) Imaging Software application (“TruPlan”) is a software
as a medical device that helps qualified users with image-based pre-procedural planning and
post-procedural follow-up of the Left Atrial Appendage Closure (LAAC) procedure using CT data.
TruPlan is designed to support the anatomical assessment of the Left Atrial Appendage (LAA)
prior to and following the LAAC procedure. This includes the assessment of the LAA size, shape,
and relationships with adjacent cardiac and extracardiac structures. This assessment helps the
physician determine the size of a closure device needed for the LAAC procedure and evaluate
LAAC device placement in a follow-up CT study. The TruPlan application is a visualization
software and has basic measurement tools. The device is intended to be used as an aid to the
existing standard of care and does not replace existing software applications physicians use for
planning or follow-up for a LAAC procedure.

Pre-existing CT images are uploaded in TruPlan manually by the end-user. The images can be
viewed by the user in the original CT image as well as simulated views. The software displays the
views in a modular format as follows:
    •   Left Atrial Appendage (LAA)
    •  Fluoroscopy (Fluoro, simulation)
    •  Trans Esophageal Echo (TEE, simulation)
    •   Intra Cardiac Echography (ICE, simulation)
    •  Thrombus
    •  Follow-up
    •   Multiplanar Reconstruction (MPR)
    •  Reporting

These views offer the user visualization and quantification capabilities for pre-procedural planning
and post-procedural follow-up of the LAAC procedure; none are intended for diagnosis. The
quantification tools are based on user-identified regions of interest and are user-modifiable. The
device allows users to perform the measurements (all done on MPR viewers) listed in Table 1,
below.

TruPlan implements machine learning techniques to aid device use as follows:
    1.  Left Heart Segmentation. TruPlan generates a 3D rendering of the left side of the heart
        (including left ventricle, left atrium, and LAA) using machine learning methodology. The
     3D rendering is for visualization purposes only; no measurement or annotations can be
      done using this view.
    2. Landing Zone Detection. TruPlan uses machine learning techniques to initialize landing
      zone detection. No measurements are computed until the user reviews and corrects this
         initialization.

The data used to train TruPlan’s machine learning algorithms were sourced from multiple clinical
sites from urban centers and from different countries. The Left Heart Segmentation algorithm was
trained on a total of 113 cases from the U.S., Canada, Germany, and other locations acquired
using Siemens, GE, Toshiba, and Philips scanners where the left heart structures were manually
Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 2 of 8

K222593 - TruPlan 510(k) Summary

annotated by multiple expert readers. The Landing Zone Detection algorithm was trained on a
total of 273 cases from various sites across the U.S. acquired using Siemens, GE, Toshiba, and
Philips scanners where the landing zone was manually contoured by expert readers.
When selecting data for training, the importance of model generalization was considered and data
was selected such that a good distribution of patient demographics, scanner, and image
parameters were represented. The separation into training versus validation datasets is made on
the study level to ensure no overlap between the two sets. As such, different scans from the same
study were not split between the training and validation datasets. None of the cases used for
model validation were used for training the machine learning models.


      Table 1. TruPlan’s measurement functionality and the specific module/workflow and
                    measurement application for which it is used.
 Measurement [units] Description              Module     /       Application
                                            Workflow
 Distance [mm]        Length between two points,   All modules       Diameter & depth of LAA
                            for both curved lines                            landing zone (LAA module);
                          (splines) and straight lines,                     distance between points of
                         including the diameter                                                                                   interest; diameter of a peri-
                         (including min, max,                                                                    device leak (Follow-up                      average) resulting from                                                               module)                       closed splines and depth of
                       the LAA
 Perimeter [mm]      The perimeter of a contour     All modules       Perimeter of LAA landing zone
                        (closed spline)                            (LAA module); perimeter of
                                                                        other contours of interest


 Area [mm2]         The area within a contour      All modules      Area of LAA landing zone
                                                           (LAA module); area of other
                                                                     contours
                                                                              of interest
 Angle [degrees]      The angle of an object /        All modules       Angle between two lines of
                         structure of interest                                 interest
 Signal intensity        Hounsfield value (in             All modules       Signal intensity of pixels in the
 [HU]                  Hounsfield Units, HU) of the                      regular vs. delayed scan
                        underlying pixels                           (Thrombus module); average
                                                                           signal intensity within distal
                                                    LAA (Follow-up module);
                                                                                intensity of other pixels of
                                                                                  interest
 Coordinates           Location in the x-, y-, and z-   All modules       Coordinates of points of
 [mm, mm, mm]        planes of a point                                   interest on a 3D rendering,
                                                                                    for export purposes


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 3 of 8

K222593 - TruPlan 510(k) Summary

These measurements are all manually placed by the user as annotations (overlays) and report
the  information  calculated  using  the  underlying  pixels. TruPlan  also  provides  reporting
functionality to capture screenshots and measurements and to store them as a PDF document.

TruPlan is installed either as a standalone software onto the user’s desktop or laptop computer,
or as a server within the hospital infrastructure with a thick-client software on multiple users’
desktop or laptop computers.


   V.    INDICATIONS FOR USE

TruPlan enables visualization and measurement of structures of the heart and vessels for:
    •  Pre-procedural planning and sizing for the left atrial appendage closure (LAAC)
       procedure
    •  Post-procedural evaluation for the LAAC procedure

To facilitate the above, TruPlan provides general functionality such as:
    •  Segmentation of cardiovascular structures
    •   Visualization and image reconstruction techniques: 2D review, Volume Rendering, MPR
    •   Simulation of TEE views, ICE views, and fluoroscopic rendering
    •  Measurement and annotation tools
    •  Reporting tools

TruPlan’s intended patient population is comprised of adult patients.


       IMPORTANT: TruPlan is intended to be used as a pre-procedural planning aid, and
      LAAC procedures should be performed per the chosen LAAC device’s approved
         IFU.

       IMPORTANT: TruPlan is intended to be used as a post-procedural assessment aid,
       and all clinical decisions should be made per the chosen LAAC device’s approved
         IFU.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 4 of 8

K222593 - TruPlan 510(k) Summary

           VI.   COMPARISON WITH PREDICATE DEVICES

     The detailed analysis of the subject device and the primary and secondary predicate devices
     (shown in Table 2 and Table 3) demonstrates that the subject device is substantially equivalent
       in indications for use / intended use, technological characteristics, functionality, and operating
      principles with the primary predicate (K202212) and with the secondary predicate (K153736). Of
      the three characteristics (technical, biological, and clinical) required for the demonstration of
      equivalence, biological characteristics are not applicable since the subject device and both
      predicate devices are software as a medical device application with no tangible component
      interfacing with the body.


                     Table 2. Indications for Use comparison to predicate devices.
           Subject Device                       Primary Predicate                   Secondary Predicate
        TruPlan v3.0 (K222593)                   TruPlan v1.0 (K202212)                   3mensio (K153736)
         Manufactured by Circle                   Manufactured by Circle             Manufactured by Pie Medical Imaging
TruPlan enables visualization and          TruPlan enables visualization and          3mensio Workstation enables visualization
measurement of structures of the heart     measurement of structures of the heart     and measurement of structures of the
and vessels for:                        and vessels for pre-procedural planning      heart and vessels for:
•   Pre-procedural planning and sizing for  and sizing for the left atrial appendage       •   Pre-operational planning and sizing
    the left atrial appendage closure         closure (LAAC) procedure.                          for cardiovascular interventions and
    (LAAC) procedure                                                                    surgery
•   Post-procedural evaluation for the     To facilitate the above, TruPlan provides     •   Postoperative evaluation
   LAAC procedure                       general functionality such as:                •   Support of clinical diagnosis by
                                            •   Segmentation of cardiovascular              quantifying dimensions in coronary
To facilitate the above, TruPlan provides          structures                                      arteries
general functionality such as:                •    Visualization and image                 •   Support of clinical diagnosis by
•   Segmentation of cardiovascular              reconstruction techniques: 2D review,        quantifying calcifications (calcium
     structures                            Volume Rendering, MPR                    scoring) in the coronary arteries
•    Visualization and image                 •   Simulation of TEE views, ICE views,
    reconstruction techniques: 2D review,      and fluoroscopic rendering           To facilitate the above, 3mensio
    Volume Rendering, MPR                •   Measurement and annotation tools      Workstation provides general functionality
•   Simulation of TEE views, ICE views,     •   Reporting tools                      such as:
    and fluoroscopic rendering                                                          •   Segmentation of cardiovascular
•   Measurement and annotation tools      TruPlan’s intended patient population is           structures
•   Reporting tools                      comprised of adult patients.                 •   Automatic and manual centerline
                                                                                              detection
TruPlan’s intended patient population is                                                  •    Visualization and image
comprised of adult patients.                                                                   reconstruction techniques: 2D review,
                                                                           Volume Rendering, MPR, Curved
                                                                    MPR, Stretched CMPR, Slabbing,
                                                                                  MIP, AIP, MinIP
                                                                                        •   Measurement and annotation tools
                                                                                        •   Reporting tools


      Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 5 of 8

K222593 - TruPlan 510(k) Summary

               Table 3. Feature comparison to primary and secondary predicate devices.
Feature             Subject Device                 Primary Predicate              Secondary Predicate
                     TruPlan v3.0 (K222593)            TruPlan v1.0 (K202212)           3mensio (K153736)
                     Manufactured by Circle            Manufactured by Circle            Manufactured by Pie Medical
Device Class                 II                                                         II                                                         II
Device Classification  QIH                         LLZ                          LLZ
                  LLZ
Regulation Name      Medical image management and    Picture Archiving and                Picture Archiving and
                      processing system               Communications System          Communications System
Regulation Number   21 CFR 892.2050               21 CFR 892.2050               21 CFR 892.2050
Input data type      CT data in DICOM format (vendor  CT data in DICOM format (vendor  CT data in DICOM (vendor
                      independent)                      independent)                      independent)
Landing Zone         Semi-automatic initialization of the  Manual initialization and           Manual initialization and
Detection              landing zone using Machine         confirmation of the landing zone     confirmation of the landing zone
                      Learning techniques; manual
                       confirmation of the landing zone
Left Heart            Semi-automatic segmentation for    Semi-automatic segmentation for    Semi-automatic segmentation for
Segmentation       3D visualization of the left heart    3D visualization of the left heart    3D visualization of the left heart;
                      using Machine Learning            using Machine Learning           manual editing of 3D views possible
                       techniques; manual editing of 3D    techniques; manual editing of 3D
                     views possible                    views possible
Study list image       •   Study/series previewing        •   Study/series previewing        •   Study/series previewing
functionality           •   Exporting                      •   Exporting                      •   Exporting
                       •   Deleting                       •   Deleting                       •   Deleting
                       •   Anonymizing                   •   Anonymizing                   •   Anonymizing
                       •   Search                        •   Search                         •   Search
Image assessment –   •   Fluoroscopy (grayscale 3D      •   Fluoroscopy (grayscale 3D      •   Grayscale 3D rendering, to
simulated views            rendering), to visualize              rendering), to visualize               visualize relationship among
                             relationship among LAAC            relationship among LAAC        LAAC procedure relevant
                         procedure relevant                procedure relevant                 anatomical structures
                          anatomical structures              anatomical structures           •   TEE, to provide similar views to
                       •   TEE, to provide similar views   •   TEE, to provide similar views        intraprocedural TEE
                              to intraprocedural TEE               to intraprocedural TEE
                       •   ICE, to provide similar views    •   ICE, to provide similar views
                              to intraprocedural ICE                to intraprocedural ICE
Image assessment –   •  2D                             •  2D                             •  2D
other visualization     •  3D (with manual & semi-        •  3D (with manual & semi-        •  3D (with manual & semifunctionality               automatic segmentation)           automatic segmentation)           automatic segmentation)
                       •  4D (cine)                       •  4D (cine)                       •  4D (cine)
                       •  MPR                           •  MPR                           •  MPR
                       •   MIP                            •   Annotations                    •   Annotations
                       •   Annotations                                                        •   Curved MPR
                                                                                              •   Stretch CMPR
                                                                                              •   Slabbing
                                                                                              •   MIP
                                                                                              •   AIP
                                                                                              •   MinIP
                                                                                              •   Centreline extraction
                                                                                              •   Calcium coring
Image assessment –   •   Distance (length, diameter,     •   Distance (length, diameter,     •   Distance (length, diameter,
measurement              perimeter)                          perimeter)                          perimeter)
functionality           •   Area                           •   Area                           •   Area
                       •   Angle                          •   Angle                          •   Angle
                       •   Signal intensity                 •   Signal intensity                 •   Signal intensity
                       •   Coordinates                    •   Coordinates                    •   Coordinates
                                                                                              •   Volume
Report functionality    •   Patient/study information       •   Patient/study information       •   Patient/study information
      Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 6 of 8

K222593 - TruPlan 510(k) Summary


Feature             Subject Device                 Primary Predicate              Secondary Predicate
                     TruPlan v3.0 (K222593)            TruPlan v1.0 (K202212)           3mensio (K153736)
                     Manufactured by Circle            Manufactured by Circle            Manufactured by Pie Medical
                       •   Screenshots                   •   Screenshots                   •   Screenshots
                       •   Measurements                 •   Measurements                 •   Measurements
                       •   Free text                       •   Free text                       •   Free text
                       •   Device sizing table (for         •   Device sizing table (for         •   Device-specific reports for
                           reference only) for LAA             reference only) for LAA            procedures covered in intended
                         procedure                        procedure                      use
Operating system      Microsoft Windows                  Microsoft Windows                  Microsoft Windows
                    Apple macOS
DICOM compliant     Yes                          Yes                          Yes


            VII.  PERFORMANCE DATA AND TESTING

     Performance testing was conducted to verify compliance with specified design requirements in
     accordance with ISO 13485:2016, IEC 62304:2015, ISO 14971:2019, and NEMA 3.1-3.20 (2016)
    DICOM standards.

       Verification and validation testing were conducted to ensure specifications and performance of
      the device and were performed per the FDA Guidance documents “Guidance for the Content of
     Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices” and “Content of Premarket
     Submission for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices”. No clinical studies were
     necessary to support substantial equivalence.

     TruPlan has been tested according to the specifications that are documented in a Master Software
      Test Plan. Testing is an integral part of Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.’s software development
     as described in the company’s product development process.

      Validation of Machine Learning Derived Outputs
     The machine learning algorithms of TruPlan (left heart segmentation, landing zone detection)
     have been trained and tested on images acquired from major vendors of CT imaging devices. All
      data used for validation were not used during the development of the training algorithms.

     Across all CT machine manufacturers, n = 633 anonymized patient images were used for the
      validation of TruPlan. This translates into 533 samples (age and sex information unknown due to
      anonymization) for Left Heart Segmentation, and 100 samples (59 male and 41 female samples
      acquired from patients between 56 to 90+ years of age) for Landing Zone Detection. Image
      information for all samples was anonymized and limited to ePHI-free DICOM headers. The
      validation data was sourced from multiple sites across the U.S. and other urban regions. All
     performance testing results met Circle’s pre-defined acceptance criteria.

         •  For the Left Heart Segmentation algorithm, the performance acceptance criteria were predefined to evaluate the performance of the ML model based on segmentation accuracy
             defined by probability of bone removal and probability of LAA visualization. The validation
            data was collected from the U.S., Canada, South America, Europe, and Asia acquired

      Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 7 of 8

K222593 - TruPlan 510(k) Summary

       using Siemens, GE, Toshiba, and Philips scanners. Bone was removed in 532/533 cases
       (99.81%); the LAA was correctly visualized by the rendering algorithm in 519/533 cases
       (97.37%).
    •  For the Landing Zone Detection algorithm, the performance acceptance criteria were predefined to evaluate the performance of the ML model based on detection accuracy defined
      by plane and contour center distance. The validation data was collected from various sites
       across the U.S., acquired using Siemens, GE, Toshiba, and Philips scanners. The landing
      zone was manually contoured by multiple expert readers for evaluation. Landing zone
       plane distance was within 10 mm in 97/100 cases (97%) with a mean distance of 3.87
     mm; the landing zone contour center distance was within 12 mm in 99/100 cases (99%)
       with a mean distance of 2.92 mm.


     VIII.  CONCLUSIONS

The information submitted in this premarket notification, including the performance testing and
predicate device comparisons, support the safety and effectiveness of TruPlan as compared to
the predicate devices when used for the defined intended use.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 8 of 8