February 23, 2023

Belun Technology Company Limited
Leung Lap Wai Lydia CEO
Unit 218, 2/F, Core Building 2, No. 1 Science Park
West Avenue, Hong Kong Science Park
Sha Tin, Hong Kong
China

Re: K222579
    Trade/Device Name: Belun Sleep System BLS-100
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 868.2375
    Regulation Name: Breathing Frequency Monitor
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MNR
    Dated: January 10, 2023
    Received: January 13, 2023

Dear Leung Lap Wai Lydia:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K222579 - Leung Lap Wai Lydia                                                        Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                          Rachana Visaria -S

                                        Rachana Visaria, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT1C: Division of Sleep Disordered Breathing,
                                                 Respiratory and Anesthesia Devices
                                  OHT1: Office of Opthalmic, Anesthesia, Respiratory, ENT
                                            and Dental Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K222579

Device Name
Belun Sleep System BLS-100


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Belun Sleep System BLS-100 is a wearable device intended to record, analyze, display, export, and store biophysical
parameters to aid in evaluating moderate to severe sleep-related breathing disorders of adult patients suspected of sleep
apnea. The device is intended for use in clinical and home settings under the direction of a Healthcare Professional (HCP).


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Traditional 510(k) Submission                                         Belun Sleep System BLS‐100


                                  510(k) Summary


 This summary of 510(k) is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR

 807.92 on 23‐Feb‐2023.


  I.    SUBMITTER
       Belun Technology Company Limited
       Address: Unit 218, 2 Floor, Core Building 2, 1 Science Park West Avenue,
      Hong Kong Science Park, Shatin, Hong Kong
       Contact Person: Leung Lap Wai Lydia
       Phone: +852 706 5640


  II.    PROPOSED DEVICE
       Trade/Device Name: Belun Sleep System BLS‐100
       Model: BLS‐100
         Classification Name: Ventilatory Effort Recorder
        Regulation Number: 21 CFR 868.2375
       Regulatory Class: II
       Product Code: MNR


  III.   PREDICATE DEVICE
       Device Name: NightOwl (K220028)
         Classification Name: Ventilatory Effect Recorder
        Regulation Number: 21 CFR 868.2375
       Regulatory Class: II
       Product Code: MNR


  IV.   DEVICE DESCRIPTION
       The Belun Sleep System BLS‐100 is prescribed by a Health Care Professional (HCP)
        for the patient to use in the home as a 'home sleep apnea test' (HSAT).

       The Belun Sleep System BLS‐100 comprises a sensor that is worn on the proximal
       phalanx of index finger (Belun Ring) over‐night whilst the subject is sleeping and a
        stand‐alone analysis software (Belun Sleep AI).

       The Belun Ring has a small biocompatible enclosure. The sensor has 2 LEDs, one in
       the red spectrum and the other in the infrared spectrum, and an accelerometer.
       The sensor is placed on the proximal phalanx of the index finger, with the sensor
      window applied against the palmar side of the proximal phalanx of the index finger.


                                       Page 1 of 9

Traditional 510(k) Submission                                         Belun Sleep System BLS‐100


       The sensor measures the reflected red/infrared signals to record the
       photoplethysmograph (PPG) signal. The accelerometer is used to detect
      movement.

       The data recorded by the Belun Ring is stored in device on‐board memory. The data
           is exported when the Belun Ring is returned to the prescribing HCP via USB or
       Bluetooth and passed to the Belun Sleep AI Software, which is standalone PC
        software. The Belun Sleep AI loads and processes the signal from the exported data
      and generates the apnea‐hypopnea index (bAHI) and sleep staging identification
       (bSTAGES).

        Signals from the Belun Ring device include the following:
            Oxygen saturation
            Beat‐to‐beat pulse period
            Photoplethysmography
            Actigraphy


 V.    INDICATIONS FOR USE

       The Belun Sleep System BLS‐100 is a wearable device intended to record, analyze,

         display, export, and store biophysical parameters to aid in evaluating moderate

        to severe sleep‐related breathing disorders of adult patients suspected of sleep

       apnea. The device is intended for use in clinical and home settings under the

        direction of a Healthcare Professional (HCP).


                                       Page 2 of 9

Notification
510(k)

                                                                       theSystem                                        to                                                                                  device      device     device      device          andSleep                                                                                                                                                                       similar
Belun             DEVICE                                                                                                                                                                  equivalent         system the                                                                                                                           predicate        predicate        predicate        predicate
                           to  to  to  to                  have use.
BLS‐100                    REFERENCE                                                    Comparison                      Identical        Identical        Identical        Identical         Substantially  predicate  proposedThe  predicate  intended
         THE                   Device
         AND
                                                  to     a
                                                                       and                       device home of                                                                         Predicate                                                                                                                               device                                         patients                  DEVICE          and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  sleep‐related                                                                                                                                        adult                                                                                                                                                                                                                               recording,               parameters                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      direction (HCP).                                                                                                                          monitor                              The and                                                    of                                                                   the  exporting,     of apnea.  clinical                                                                                                                                                                         wearable                          the                                                         BLS‐100            a in
                                            9                                          is use                          sleep the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Professional                                 of                                                                                         for under                           PREDICATE                                                                                                                                                             frequency                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 biophysical                                                             Device     (K220028)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    evaluation  disorders of                                                                                                             868.2375                                                                   for  displaying,                                                 System                                                  of                                                                                             use         THE                                                               the                      3                                                                                                                                                                         NightOwl        in                                                                                  C.F.R.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             intended                                                                          Page                                         Sleep                                                                                           Predicate     NightOwl  21  II        Breathing   MNR  The  intended  analysis,  storage aid  breathing  suspected is  setting  Healthcare            WITH                                         Belun
                        the


                     a
                                          is     in               the                                                                                                                                                            sleep‐ adult   in                                                         between                                                                                            record, store aid   of apnea.                                             to                   use under                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Professional                                                                                                                                                    BLS‐100    and to severe                                                                                         for                                             CHARACTERISTICS                                                    to       sleep                                         Table                  BLS‐100                                 monitor
                                                         of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     disorders                     settings                                                                                                                               System  intended  export,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Healthcare                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             intended                                                                      System                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        parameters                                a                                                           is home                                                                                                                                                                                                                moderate                                                                                 Comparison      Device                                                                                                                                                             frequency             Sleep device                                                                                                             868.2375                                                                of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                suspected                                                                                                                                                                                            display,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     breathing        and                                                          Sleep                                                                                                         Belun                                              device                                                                                  C.F.R.                                       TECHNOLOGICAL                                          Proposed   Belun  21  II        Breathing   MNR  The  wearable  analyze,  biophysical  evaluating  related  patients The  clinical  direction (HCP).      OF                                          SpecificationLimited
Company                                      No.           Name                                                                                                            Use                                                                                         Performance                                         Code
        1                              COMPARISONTechnology                                         Table                         Characteristic                 Regulation             Classification             Classification      Product                                                                                                                            Intended
Belun       VI.

ofNotification
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                software  questions510(k)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              validated.
System                                                 device                          device                          device                                                           to      and  analysis  different
Sleep                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               verified                                                                                                      the raise                                                                    of
                                                                  is                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        equivalent              notBelun                                                                          predicate                                       predicate                                       predicate                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             effectiveness.                  to         to         to                                                                                                                                             does
                                                                                                             andBLS‐100                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               software  difference                                                        Comparison                      Identical                                       Identical                                       Identical                                                                                                                  Substantially     predicate  The The  location safety
                       Device             the  thein                                                                                                                             device,                                    with                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         NightOwl                                                                                                                                                                                 recording           patient.  separate
                                          No a
                                                           the    the in                     the                                   Predicate                                  to                                                           recording                                                              by                                                                                                performed            and                                              environment                                                          the                                                                                                                                          control                                                                                                                                                                                                                 processes.                                       to          results                    off                                                                                                                                                                                                                 presented                                    home                      older                                                                                        test                           BLS‐100                                                       and
                                            of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       cloud‐based                 9                           the             and                             limited                                  Device     (K220028)  in                                                                                       of                                           old        is                       suite.                                     performed                                                                                                                                                      interpretation
                                            4                                                                                                  setting.                       System                                                                                                                                                                                          analyzed                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    communications                                                                        years                                                                                                                                                                               Page                   Sleep       Predicate     NightOwl        Recording   report    clinical  22                                 Firmware and  presentation Data  software                                 Analysis      exclusively    software
                   Belun             the  the
            the            in                                                                                                                             device,                                    with                                                                                                                                                                        software                                                                                                                                                                                 recording           patient.  separate
                                          No a                                                           the    the in                                   Belun                           between                                  to                                                           recording                                                                                             the                                                                                                    environment     performed                                                      the by                   Table                                                                                                       control  processes.                                                  BLS‐100                       to          results  presented                                    home                      older                                          off                                                                                        test                                                                      and
                                            of                                           System   the             and                             limited                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       stand‐alone                                  Device     in                                       is                                       Comparison                                                                                                                                                   suite.                                     performed                                                                                                                                                      interpretation        old                                                                                                  setting.                                    Sleep                                                                                                                                                                                          analyzed                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    communications                                                                        years                                             Proposed   Belun        Recording   report    clinical  22                                 Firmware and  presentation Data  software                                 Analysis      exclusively                                                   SpecificationLimited
Company                                           Performance                                                                                                                                                                  population                                                     software                                                   software
    1                                                                                                                       EnvironmentTechnology                   Table                     Characteristic          Use                          Target                                       Sensor                                                   Analysis    location
Belun

of  from   using           adult  and  and                                                           typeNotification                                                 that           Apnea   Sleep    an                  to                                                                                                                                                                                                                          safety                                                                                                                                                                                                     Medicine
                                                                                                                                    and                                                                                    Belun      comparable510(k)                                                                            for                                      of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            battery                                                                                                                                                                                  deep‐learning   Belun                                                                                                             confirmed                                                                                                                                            scoring   (AHI)     studies,                                        sensitivity     predicate                                                   and                                  Sleep                               to      in                                              theSystem                                  has                                                                                        the                                           device                                           verified             questions                                                                                                            Index    of                                                                                  System                                                                                                                                                   generate   manual           (PSG)                     guidelines    to                           is                                                                                          equivalent                                                                                                     (bAHI)Sleep                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          accuracy,                                                                                                                                                                    difference                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             equivalent                                     different                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        safety                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  predicateBelun                                                                                                                evaluation   Sleep      calculating   Index           human                                                                                                                                        The                                                                                                                                                                                       scoring  with    similar    devices.                                                                           to                                                                                                                                                                            Hypopnea               Academy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        raise                                        to                                                                                                                                                                      (bSTAGES)
                                                                                                                                           not                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           effectiveness.BLS‐100                                                                                          clinical   Belun                                                                                                                                                                                                             battery                                                       Comparison                                Substantially     predicate  The  the      algorithms    Hypopnea   Stage   output   Apnea         Polysomnography    American   (AASM)     patients,      specificity     reference                                                   Identical                                    Substantially  predicate The  validated. does and
                       Device            ‘1A
                                AND                                                      AASM’s                                                                         AASM’s                           the                                   Predicate                                                                       hypopnea                  to      the                                                                                                                                                                           sensor,                       cell                           of            and                                              hypopnea to                                             calculation                                                                                                                                                                                  coin                                             tuned                                                                                         by                     of   tuned    scoring            (TST)        calculation                           BLS‐100                                                                          scoring      the                                9                                                                     Time   Time                                 Device     (K220028)                                                                                       of                                the      for                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    plethysmography                                         powered      5                       System                                              calculation  for      calculation                    Sleep  REM                                                                     Rule’                                                                                                                                                                               Page                   Sleep      Predicate     NightOwl    pAHI   Rule’  pAHI  ‘1B            Total    Total                                                                                                                           Optical       accelerometer                              Battery
                   Belun
                                                        and
            the            ‘1B
                                                        REM
                                     of                           between                         AASM’s                      REM                           the                                                                                                                                                                                                 sensor,                  to    hypopnea                                                                                                                                                                        summation                   Table                BLS‐100     of                 and
                                             tuned                             NREM
                                           System                 scoring                                   (time                                                                                                                                                                             Battery                                 Device                                                                                      WAKE,                                       Comparison                                the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    plethysmography                                    Sleep                                                                                                                                           stages)                                                                                                                                                                     Lithium                                                                                                   calculation  for                                                                             calculation                                            Proposed   Belun    bAHI   Rule’                                             bSTAGES:  bTST NREM                                                                                                                     Optical       accelerometer                 3.7V                                                   SpecificationLimited
Company                                    AHI                                                               Sleep
             –             –                                           Performance                                                    software                                                                                                    software
    1Technology                   Table                    Characteristic                                Analysis     algorithm                                                                                       Analysis     algorithm   stages                                                                   Sensors                                     Battery
Belun

Notification                                                                                 optical                                         and         device theto AIits and on finger  clinical Belun             Stage output Apnea from such,                          which                                                                   As                  to                                                                                     worn                                                                                                      predicate                   between     to                                                                          the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       introduce                                                   evaluating                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    algorithms  Hypopnea     an510(k)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 effectiveness        in                                                                                                                                              Sleep   of                                                                                                        not                                                                                                                       sensor are index The                                  the                                    similar                                                        PAT                                                                                                   that                                   is                                                                                                                                                                 (AHI)  studies.                                                                                                           and                        (K183625)                                             of                                                                                                                                  proposed                                                                                                                                        Apnea                                     by PPG                                                                                 toSystem                                                                                                                       aid                                                                                                                                              Belun  comparable                                  and  sensors: sensor  differences                                                 the                                                                                                                                                                                                                        scoring       (PSG) does                                                            the                                                           PAT                                                                                         equivalent                                                     envelop                                                                                                        safety                                                                                 of                                                                                                                                        Belun                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   device.Sleep                                                               system                                             The that                                       components  phalanx  fingertip.  confirmed   deep‐learning                                                                                     and             Index         system the                                                                                        similar                                         provided Also,                                                                          has    the            generate manual        to                           SomnapatchBelun                                              are whose          of                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             instead
                                                                               to                                                                                                                                                            System         (bAHI)                                                                    predicate                                      the            PPG                                                                                                                          PPG                                                                                           proposed                                                                                proximal                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    proposed changeBLS‐100                                                                                                                                                           human                                                                                                               the                                                        Comparison                              Substantially  predicate The use   plethysmography   accelerometer.  predicate feeds  information  algorithms.   accelerometer the  instead  evaluation Sleep  calculating Index  (bSTAGES) to  Hypopnea   Polysomnography the any of          Similar uses OSA.
                       Device                   on                                                                              sensor  worn
                                            are
                                                                 (PPG)                                   Predicate                                          Actigraphy
            and                                                                                                                                                  components                                                                                  Oximetry,                           BLS‐100
                                            9                                  Device     (K220028)     rate,                                                                                       of
                                            6                       System                                              Pulse                                                           photoplethysmography       accelerometer      fingertip.
                                                                                                                                                                               Page                   Sleep       Predicate     NightOwl    PAT,         The  and  the
                   Belun                         and
                                            the
                             on            the                     rate,                  sensor
                                              Pulse                  worn                           between                                         (PPG)                                            are                                                                                                                 finger.                                                       (PPG),                   Table                BLS‐100                                        index
                                of                                                                                                                                                  components                                           System                                  Device                                         Actigraphy                                       Comparison                                                                                                                 phalanx                                    Sleep                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     photoplethysmography                                             Proposed   Belun                  Photoplethysmography     Oximetry,    The       accelerometer    proximal                                                   SpecificationLimited
Company                                                                                                                                                                              sensor                                           Performance
    1Technology                   Table                     Characteristic                      Channels                                                                                                                                               Wearable    location
Belun

Belun Technology Company Limited                                        BLS‐100 Belun Sleep System 510(k) Notification


VII.   PERFORMANCE DATA

       Non‐clinical Test
      The proposed device Belun Ring is tested in accordance with the following standards and
     FDA guidance documents (leveraged from K211407), including:
            IEC 60601‐1‐2:2014 Medical electrical equipment ‐ Part 1‐2: General requirements
             for basic safety and essential performance ‐ Collateral Standard: Electromagnetic
            disturbances ‐ Requirements and tests
            IEC 60601‐1‐11:2015 Medical electrical equipment ‐ Part 1‐11: General requirements
             for basic safety and essential performance ‐ Collateral Standard: Requirements for
           medical electrical equipment and medical electrical systems used in the home
            healthcare environment
            IEC 60601‐1:2005 + a1:2012 Medical electrical equipment ‐ Part 1: General
           requirements for basic safety and essential performance
            IEC 62133:2012 Secondary cells and batteries containing alkaline or other non‐
            acid electrolytes ‐ Safety requirements for portable sealed secondary cells, and for
            batteries made from them, for use in portable applications
            ISO 80601‐2‐61:2017 Medical electrical equipment ‐‐ Part 2‐61: Particular
           requirements for basic safety and essential performance of pulse oximeter
          equipment
            ISO 10993‐1:2018, Biological evaluation of medical devices ‐‐ Part 1: Evaluation
          and testing within a risk management process
            ISO 10993‐5:2009 Biological evaluation of medical devices ‐‐ Part 5: Tests for in vitro
              cytotoxicity

            ISO 10993‐10:2010 Biological evaluation of medical devices ‐‐ Part 10: Tests for
              irritation and skin sensitization
            ISO 10993‐10:2010 Biological evaluation of medical devices ‐‐ Part 11: Tests for
            systemic toxicity
            IEC 62366‐1:2015 Medical devices — Part 1: Application of usability engineering to
           medical devices
           BQB Bluetooth qualification
           FCC Part 15B & FCC Part 18 certification
           FDA Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in
           Medical Devices
           FDA Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Management of
            Cybersecurity in Medical Devices
           FDA Guidance for Applying Human Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical
            Devices: 2016


                                       Page 7 of 9

Belun Technology Company Limited                                        BLS‐100 Belun Sleep System 510(k) Notification


      The Belun Ring BLR‐100X has been validated for low perfusion saturation and pulse rate
        in K211407. There are no changes in those features or algorithms for clearance of this
       device to be used as a home sleep apnea test (HSAT).


        Clinical Study
      The Clinical Test consists of 2 parts:
          (1) SpO2 accuracy: This testing was performed in K211407 and leveraged for this
          submission.
          (2) Comparison to PSG sleep lab results: The purpose of this study is to evaluate the
           accuracy, sensitivity and specificity of the Apnea‐Hypopnea Index (AHI) and sleep
           staging (wake, Rapid Eye Movement (REM) and Non‐Rapid Eye Movement (NREM))
           of the Belun Sleep System BLS‐100 compared with overnight polysomnography (PSG)
          study according to the American Academy of Sleep Medicine (AASM) guidelines in a
          sleep laboratory with 106 patients suspected of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). All
          sleep studies were manually scored based on the AASM scoring manual (version 2.4)
         by a senior sleep tech scorer and reviewed by a board‐certified sleep physician. All
            investigators, sleep lab team, and scorers were blinded to the results until statistical
           analysis was performed. The accuracy, sensitivity and specificity at AHI cutoff 15 and
         30 are summarized in the table below.

                    Cutoff     Accuracy      Sensitivity       Specificity
                   15        0.877         0.898          0.860
                   30        0.925         0.840          0.951


         The accuracy, sensitivity, and specificity of 3‐categorization sleep stages [wake, Rapid
         Eye Movement (REM) and Non‐Rapid Eye Movement (NREM)] are summarized in the
           table below.

                   Number of               Class                    Accuracy    Sensitivity     Specificity                        Epochs
          Wake                     0.885       0.604         0.961
          REM       85471        0.908       0.712         0.944
         NREM                     0.827       0.904         0.695

         The total sleep time (bTST) of the Belun Sleep System BLS‐100 is the time summation
           of REM and NREM stages. The mean difference between bTST and PSG‐TST was 21.8
         minutes with a standard deviation of 41.6 minutes. The mean absolute difference
         between bTST and PSG‐TST was 30.8 minutes.

VIII.  CONCLUSIONS
        In conclusion, the proposed device of Belun Sleep System BLS‐100 has the same
        classification information, similar intended use, similar product design and specification as

                                       Page 8 of 9

Belun Technology Company Limited                                        BLS‐100 Belun Sleep System 510(k) Notification


       the predicated device. According to the results of non‐clinical test and clinical study, the
      proposed device is Substantially Equivalent (SE) to the predicate device.


                                       Page 9 of 9