Ceevra, Inc.
℅ Ken Koster
CTO
149 New Montgomery Street, 4th Fl.
SAN FRANCISCO CA 94105

                                                                          April 25, 2023
Re: K222676
    Trade/Device Name: Ceevra Reveal 3
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: March 20, 2023
    Received: March 21, 2023

Dear Ken Koster:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K222676 - Ken Koster                                                                 Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K222676

Device Name
Ceevra Reveal 3


Indications for Use (Describe)
Ceevra Reveal 3 is intended as a medical imaging system that allows the processing, review, analysis, communication and
media interchange of multi-dimensional digital images acquired from CT or MR imaging devices and that such processing
may include the generation of preliminary segmentations of normal anatomy using software that employs machine
learning and other computer vision algorithms. It is also intended as software for preoperative surgical planning, and as
software for the intraoperative display of the aforementioned multi-dimensional digital images. Ceevra Reveal 3 is
designed for use by health care professionals and is intended to assist the clinician who is responsible for making all final
patient management decisions.

The machine learning algorithms in use by Ceevra Reveal 3 are for use only for adult patients (22 and over). Threedimensional images for patients under the age of 22 or of unknown age will be generated without the use of any machine
learning algorithms.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K222676                          510(k) Summary

1.    General Information

 510(k) Sponsor              Ceevra, Inc.
 Address                  149 New Montgomery St, 4th Floor
                          San Francisco, CA 94105
 Correspondence Person     Ken Koster
                        CTO, Ceevra, Inc.
 Contact Information         Email: kkoster@ceevra.com
                            Phone: 415-305-5326
 Date Prepared               April 18, 2023

2.    Subject Device

 Proprietary Name          Ceevra Reveal 3
 Common Name             Reveal 3
 Classification Name        Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
 Regulation Number        21 CFR 892.2050
 Product Code           QIH
 Regulatory Class                II

3.     Predicate Device

 Proprietary Name          Ceevra Reveal 2.0
 Premarket Notification     K173274
 Classification Name         System, Image Processing, Radiological
 Regulation Number        21 CFR 892.2050
 Product Code           LLZ
 Regulatory Class                II


                                       1

4.    Device Description

Ceevra Reveal 3 (“Reveal 3”), manufactured by Ceevra, Inc. (the “Company”), is a software as a
medical  device  with two main  functions:  (1)  it  is used by Company  personnel  to  generate
three-dimensional (3D) images from existing patient CT and MR imaging, and (2)  it is used by
clinicians to view and interact with the 3D images during preoperative planning and intraoperatively.

Clinicians view 3D images via the Reveal 3 Mobile Image Viewer software application which runs on
compatible mobile devices, and the Reveal 3 Desktop Image Viewer software application which runs on
compatible computers. The 3D images may also be displayed on compatible external displays, or in
virtual reality (VR) format with a compatible off-the-shelf VR headset.

Reveal 3 includes additional features that enable clinicians to interact with the 3D images including
rotating, zooming, panning, and selectively showing or hiding individual anatomical structures.

5.     Indications for Use

Ceevra Reveal 3 is intended as a medical imaging system that allows the processing, review, analysis,
communication and media interchange of multi-dimensional digital images acquired from CT or MR
imaging devices and that such processing may include the generation of preliminary segmentations of
normal anatomy using software that employs machine learning and other computer vision algorithms. It is
also intended as software for preoperative surgical planning, and as software for the intraoperative display
of the aforementioned multi-dimensional digital images. Ceevra Reveal 3 is designed for use by health
care professionals and is intended to assist the clinician who is responsible for making all final patient
management decisions.

The machine learning algorithms in use by Ceevra Reveal 3 are for use only for adult patients (22 and
over). Three-dimensional images for patients under the age of 22 or of unknown age will be generated
without the use of any machine learning algorithms.

6.     Substantial Equivalence

As detailed in the following tables, the intended use and technological characteristics of the subject device
are substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.

Table 6.1: Comparison of Indications for Use Statements

                    Subject Device:                                 Primary Predicate:
            Ceevra Reveal 3 (K222676)                      Ceevra Reveal 2.0 (K173274)
 Ceevra Reveal 3 is intended as a medical imaging        Ceevra Reveal 2.0 is intended as a medical imaging
 system that allows the processing, review, analysis,       system that allows the processing, review, analysis,
 communication and media interchange of               communication and media interchange of
 multi-dimensional digital images acquired from CT or    multi-dimensional digital images acquired from CT or
 MR imaging devices and that such processing may    MR imaging devices. It is also intended as software
 include the generation of preliminary segmentations of    for preoperative surgical planning, and as software for
 normal anatomy using software that employs machine     the intraoperative display of the aforementioned


                                       2

learning and other computer vision algorithms. It is also   multi-dimensional digital images. Ceevra Reveal 2.0
 intended as software for preoperative surgical planning,    is designed for use by health care professionals and is
 and as software for the intraoperative display of the       intended to assist the clinician who is responsible for
 aforementioned multi-dimensional digital images.       making all final patient management decisions.
 Ceevra Reveal 3 is designed for use by health care
 professionals and is intended to assist the clinician who
  is responsible for making all final patient management
  decisions.

 The machine learning algorithms in use by Ceevra
 Reveal 3 are for use only for adult patients (22 and
  over). Three-dimensional images for patients under the
 age of 22 or of unknown age will be generated without
 the use of any machine learning algorithms.


Table 7.2: Comparison of Device Characteristics

                                                       Subject Device             Primary Predicate
                   Feature/                       Ceevra Reveal 3           Ceevra Reveal 2.0
                 Function                          (K222676)                 (K173274)
 Supported image Modalities               CT and MR             CT and MR
 Intended users                                    Healthcare Professionals       Healthcare Professionals
                                                  Healthcare facilities such as    Healthcare facilities such
 Intended environment
                                                       hospitals and clinics            as hospitals and clinics
 Device Class                                     Class II                       Class II
                                                        Interactive manipulation        Interactive manipulation
 Image analysis features
                                             and 3D visualization          and 3D visualization
 Preoperative viewing of 3D images               Yes                        Yes
 Intraoperative viewing of 3D images             Yes                        Yes
 3D images used intraoperatively for real-time
 guidance, navigation or otherwise integrated      No                   No
 with surgical instruments
 Segmentation work performed by                    Internal Operators               Internal Operators
  Built-in features for end-user to compare
                                    No                   No
 CT/MR to device output
 Quantitative outputs calculated by device        No                   No
 Software generates semi-automated
                                    No                   No
 segmentations of abnormal anatomy
 Software generates semi-automated
                                             Yes                   No
 segmentations of certain normal anatomy

7.    Performance Data

Safety and performance of Ceevra Reveal 3 has been evaluated and verified in accordance with software
specifications and applicable performance standards through software verification and validation testing.
Additionally, the software validation activities were performed in accordance with IEC 62304:2006/Amd
1: 2015- Medical device software – Software life cycle processes, in addition to the FDA Guidance


                                       3

documents, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical
Devices” and “Content of Premarket Submission for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices.”

Four machine learning models are included in Ceevra Reveal 3. These models were verified with datasets
of actual CT or MR imaging studies of patients. A total of 141 imaging studies were used to evaluate the
device. No dataset contained more than one imaging study from any particular patient. No imaging study
used to verify performance was used for training; independence of training and testing data were enforced
at the level of the scanning institution, namely, studies sourced from a specific institution were used for
either training or testing but could not be used for both. The data used in the device validation ensured
diversity in patient population and scanner manufacturers. Subgroup analysis was performed for patient age,
patient sex, and scanner manufacturers. For non-prostate related datasets, verification datasets included
40% female patients and 60% male patients. Across all datasets, 32% of patients were under 60 years old,
32% were 60 to 70 years old, 30% were over 70 years old, and 6% were of unknown age. Scanner
manufacturers included GE Medical Systems, Siemens, Toshiba, and Philips Medical Systems. Ethnicity
of patients in the datasets was reasonably correlated to the overall US population.

Performance was verified by comparing segmentations generated by the machine learning models against
segmentations generated by medical professionals from the same imaging study. The performance of the
machine learning models, characterized by the Sørensen–Dice coefficient (DSC) or the Hausdorff
distance metric at the 95th percentile (HD-95), was as follows: prostate (from MR prostate imaging) 0.87
DSC; bladder (from MR prostate imaging) 0.90 DSC; neurovascular bundles (from MR prostate imaging)
7.8 mm HD-95; kidney (from CT abdomen imaging) 0.89 DSC; kidney (from MR abdomen imaging)
0.87 DSC; artery (from CT abdomen imaging) 0.87 DSC; artery (from MR abdomen imaging) 0.83 DSC;
vein (from CT abdomen imaging) 0.86 DSC; vein (from MR abdomen imaging) 0.81 DSC; artery (from
CT chest imaging) 0.85 DSC; vein (from CT chest imaging) 0.81 DSC.

8.    Conclusion

Ceevra Reveal 3 is deemed to be substantially equivalent to its predicate device based on indications for
use, technological characteristics and performance testing. Ceevra Reveal 3 raises no new questions
related to safety or effectiveness.


                                       4