August 26, 2022
Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
℅ John Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells U.S. LLP
555 Thirteenth Street NW
WASHINGTON DC 20004

Re: K222277
    Trade/Device Name: BriefCase
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: July 29, 2022
    Received: July 29, 2022

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K222277 - John Smith                                                                 Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                                    For
                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices
                                           and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form  Approved: OMB  No.  0910-0120
                        Food and Drug Administration                              Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                      See PRA Statement below
510(k) Number (if known)

K222277
Device Name

BriefCase
Indications for Use (Describe)

BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the analysis of CTPA
images in adults or transitional adolescents aged 18 and older. The device is intended to assist hospital networks and
appropriately trained medical specialists in workflow triage by flagging and communication of suspected positive
findings of Pulmonary Embolism (PE) pathologies.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected findings on a
standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is presented
with notifications for cases with suspected PE findings. Notifications include compressed preview images that are
meant for informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not
alter the original medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on their
professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians are responsible for
viewing full images per the standard of care.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
        ☒ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       ☐Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including
          the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and
         complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
          other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human
                                           Services Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                             Page 1 of 1                                           PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Summary
                           Aidoc Medical, Ltd.’s BriefCase
                                   K222277

Submitter:

       Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
      3 Aminadav St.
        Tel-Aviv, Israel

      Phone:             +972-73-7946870

       Contact Person:      Amalia Schreier, LLM.

      Date Prepared:        July 29, 2022

Name of Device:            BriefCase

Classification Name:         Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
                            device

Regulatory Class:          Class II

Product Code:          QAS (21 C.F.R. 892.2080)

Predicate Device:           BriefCase (PE triage, K203508)


Device Description

BriefCase is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device. The  software
system is based on an algorithm programmed component and consists of a standard off-the-shelf
operating system, the Microsoft Windows server 2012 64bit, and additional applications, which include
PostgreSQL, DICOM module and the BriefCase Image Processing Application. The device consists
of the following three modules: (1) Aidoc Hospital Server (AHS/Orchestrator) for image acquisition; (2)
Aidoc Cloud Server (ACS) for image processing; and (3) Aidoc Desktop Application for workflow
integration.

DICOM images are received, saved, filtered and de-identified before processing.  Filtration matches
metadata fields with keywords. Series are processed chronologically by running the algorithms on
each series to detect suspected cases. The software then flags suspect cases by sending notifications
to the desktop application, thereby facilitating triage and prioritization by the user. As the BriefCase
software platform incorporates several triage algorithms, the user may opt to filter out notifications by
pathology, e.g., a chest radiologist may choose to filter out alerts on ICH cases, and a neuro-radiologist
would opt to divert pulmonary embolism (“PE”) alerts. Where several medical centers are linked to a
shared PACS, a user may read cases for a certain center but not for another, and thus may opt to filter
out alerts by center. Activating the filter does not impact the order in which notifications are presented
in the Aidoc Desktop Application.


                                      1

The desktop application feed displays all incoming suspect cases, each notified case in a line.
Hovering over a line in the feed pops up a compressed, low-quality, grayscale, unannotated image
that is captioned “not for diagnostic use” and is displayed as a preview function. This compressed
preview is meant for informational purposes only, does not contain any marking of the findings, and is
not intended for primary diagnosis beyond notification.

Presenting the users with worklist prioritization facilitates earlier triage by prompting the user to assess
the relevant original images in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention earlier than would
have been the case in the standard of care practice alone.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the
analysis of CTPA images in adults or transitional adolescents aged 18 and older. The device is
intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained medical specialists in workflow triage
by flagging and communication  of suspected  positive  findings  of Pulmonary Embolism (PE)
pathologies.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected
findings on a standalone desktop application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image
interpretation. The user  is presented  with notification  for cases  with suspected PE  findings.
Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only and
not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical
image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and
based on their professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified
clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The subject BriefCase for PE triage and predicate BriefCase for PE triage (K203508) are identical in
most aspects and differ with respect to their algorithm performance due to training the subject device
on a larger data set, the addition of 2 operating points, and ability to process single and dual energy
exams.

Both the predicate and subject device are radiological computer-aided triage and notification software
programs. Both devices are artificial intelligence, deep-learning algorithms that incorporate software
packages for use with DICOM 3.0 compliant CT scanners, PACS, and radiology workstations.

Both devices are intended to aid in triage and prioritization of radiological images and utilize the same
design of deep learning algorithms trained on medical images. Both devices are intended to provide
specialists with notifications and unannotated low-quality preview images of suspect studies for the
purpose of preemptive triage.

The subject and predicate BriefCase devices raise the same types of safety and effectiveness


                                      2

questions, namely, accurate detection of findings within the processed study. It is important to note
that, like the predicate, the subject device neither removes cases from the standard of care reading
queue nor deprioritizes cases. Both devices operate in parallel with the standard of care, which
remains the default option for all cases. A table comparing the key features of the subject and the
primary predicate devices is provided below.

                           Table 1. Key Feature Comparison

                                      Predicate Device              Subject Device
                              Aidoc Briefcase (K203508)    Aidoc Briefcase (K222277)
  Intended Use  / Indications for  BriefCase   is  a  radiological  BriefCase   is  a  radiological
  Use                         computer  aided  triage  and  computer  aided  triage  and
                                        notification software indicated   notification software indicated
                                         for use in the analysis of non-   for use in the analysis of CTPA
                             enhanced head CT and CTPA  images in adults or transitional
                                                               adolescents aged 18 and older.                                images. The device is intended
                                                     The device is intended to assist                                      to assist hospital networks and
                                                                       hospital     networks    and                                    trained radiologists in workflow
                                                                     appropriately  trained medical                                      triage   by    flagging   and
                                                                         specialists in workflow triage by                               communication of  Intracranial
                                                                      flagging and communication of
                             Hemorrhage    (ICH)    and
                                                             suspected positive findings of
                              Pulmonary  Embolism   (PE)
                                                          Pulmonary  Embolism   (PE)
                                   pathologies.   For   the  PE
                                                                    pathologies.
                                  pathology, the software is only
                                 intended to be used on single-                                                               BriefCase  uses  an   artificial
                               energy exams.                                                                          intelligence    algorithm     to
                                                              analyze images and highlight
                                 BriefCase  uses  an   artificial  cases with detected findings on
                                      intelligence    algorithm     to  a     standalone     desktop
                                analyze images and highlight  application  in  parallel  to the
                              cases with detected findings on  ongoing  standard   of  care
                             a     standalone     desktop  image interpretation. The user
                                     application  in  parallel  to the   is presented with notifications
                               ongoing  standard   of  care   for cases with suspected PE
                             image interpretation. The user   findings.  Notifications  include
                                            is presented with notifications  compressed  preview  images
                                         for  cases   with  suspected   that are meant for informational
                                      findings.  Notifications  include  purposes only and not intended
                                                                               for  diagnostic  use  beyond                             compressed  preview  images
                                                                               notification. The device does                                      that are meant for informational
                                                                  not alter the original medical                               purposes only and not intended
                                                        image and is not intended to be                                         for  diagnostic  use  beyond
                                                         used as a diagnostic device.
                                         notification. The device does
                                  not alter the original medical
                                                     The results of BriefCase are
                             image and is not intended to be
                                                                intended   to  be  used   in
                             used as a diagnostic device.                                                                   conjunction with other patient

                                      3

Predicate Device              Subject Device
                            Aidoc Briefcase (K203508)    Aidoc Briefcase (K222277)
                                                                  information and based on their
                          The results of BriefCase are  professional   judgment,    to
                               intended   to  be  used   in   assist with  triage/prioritization
                                conjunction with other patient   of  medical  images.  Notified
                                 information and based on their   clinicians are responsible  for
                                 professional   judgment,    to  viewing  full images  per  the
                                                             standard of care.                                   assist with  triage/prioritization
                                   of  medical  images.  Notified
                                     clinicians are responsible  for
                               viewing  full images  per  the
                              standard of care.

User Population                 Hospital     networks    and  Hospital     networks    and
                                 appropriately  trained  medical  appropriately  trained  medical
                                   specialists                        specialists

Anatomical Region of Interest   Chest                       Chest
Data Acquisition Protocol      CTPA                  CTPA
Notification-Only   (/notification  Yes                       Yes
alerts), Parallel Workflow Tool
Images                 DICOM                 DICOM
Format
Interference   with   Standard  No. No cases  are removed  No. No cases  are removed
Workflow                     from Worklist or deprioritized.    from  desktop  application  or
                                                                        deprioritized.
Inclusion/                        Inclusion criteria                  Inclusion criteria
Exclusion  Criteria  for  Clinical     ●  CT pulmonary angiogram     ●  CT pulmonary angiogram
Performance Testing             (CTPA)  with  a  64-slice     (CTPA)  with  a  64-slice
                                 scanner or higher;             scanner or higher;
                                                    ●   Slice thickness 0.5 mm –     ●   Slice thickness 0.5 mm –
                                    3.0 mm.                        3.0 mm.
                                                    ●  Scans performed on adults/     ●  Scans performed on adults/
                                         transitional  adults  ≥  18       transitional  adults  ≥  18
                                  years of age.                  years of age.

                               Exclusion Criteria               Exclusion Criteria
                                                    ●   All   studies    that   are     ●   All   studies    that   are
                                       technically     inadequate,       technically    inadequate,
                                      including   studies    with      including   studies    with
                                 motion   artifacts,  severe      motion   artifacts,  severe
                                  metal artifacts, sub-optimal      metal artifacts, sub-optimal
                                   bolus    timing    or   an      bolus    timing    or   an
                                 inadequate field of view.        inadequate field of view.


                                    4

Predicate Device              Subject Device
                              Aidoc Briefcase (K203508)    Aidoc Briefcase (K222277)
  Algorithm                              Artificial intelligence algorithm   Artificial intelligence algorithm
                                    with database of images.        with database of images.
  Structure                                 - AHS    module    (image    - AHS    module    (image
                                          acquisition);                       acquisition);
                                                - ACS    module    (image    - ACS    module    (image
                                      processing);                     processing);
                                                -  Aidoc  Worklist  application    -  Aidoc Desktop Application
                                             for   workflow   integration       for   workflow   integration
                                           (worklist and non-diagnostic      (Feed/Worklist    (alternate
                               Image Viewer).               names) and non-diagnostic
                                                          Image Viewer).

Performance Data

Pivotal Study Summary

Aidoc conducted a retrospective, blinded, multicenter, study with the BriefCase software to evaluate
the software’s performance in identifying CTPA images containing Pulmonary Embolism (PE) in 499
cases from 6 US-based clinical sites, compared to the ground truth as determined by three senior
board-certified radiologists. The cases collected for the pivotal dataset were all distinct in time or center
from the cases used to train the algorithm.

Primary endpoints were sensitivity and specificity with an 80% performance goal.

Secondary endpoints were BriefCase time-to-notification compared to the predicate device. Positive
Predictive Value (PPV), Negative Predictive Value (NPV), Positive Likelihood Ratio (PLR), and
Negative Likelihood Ratio (NLR) were also assessed.

Primary Endpoint

Sensitivity and specificity exceeded the 80% performance goal. Sensitivity was 94.86% (95% CI:
90.99%, 97.41%) and specificity was 94.04% (95% CI: 90.62%, 96.49%).

Secondary Endpoint

In addition, the time-to-notification metric observed for the BriefCase software in the 6 medical centers
was compared to the equivalent metric of the predicate devices.

The BriefCase time-to-notification includes the time to get the DICOM exam, de-identify it, upload it to
the cloud, analyze and send a notification on a positive suspect case back to the desktop application.

The BriefCase time-to-notification was measured for all True Positive cases (i.e., identified as positive
both by the reviewers as well as the BriefCase device) and is given in Table 2 below. The Table also
displays the same metric reported for the predicate BriefCase PE.


                                      5

The time-to-notification results obtained for the subject BriefCase device show comparability with the
primary predicate with regard to time savings to the standard of care review. The BriefCase mean
time-to-notification for BriefCase for PE triage was 78.0 seconds (95% CI: 73.6-82.3). The time-tonotification for the predicate PE triage was 234 seconds (95% CI: 222-246).

               Table 2. Time-to-notification Comparison for BriefCase Devices

      Time -to-notification  Mean  95% Lower 95% Upper
                                                     Median     IQR
              (in seconds)     Estimate    CL      CL


         Predicate K203508                           234      222       246       234       N/A
          Processing Time


         BriefCase Time-to-                           78        73.6        82.3         64.5         53.2
               notification


NPV was 99.0% (95% CI: 98.3%- 99.5%) and PPV was 73.7% (95% CI: 63.9%- 81.7%).

PLR was 15.903 (95% CI: 10.019 - 25.242) and NLR was 0.055 (95% CI: 0.031- 0.097).

Thus, the reported similar time-to-notification data demonstrates that when using the subject
BriefCase for PE triage the clinician may have the same benefit in time saving as with the predicate
BriefCase for PE triage.

As can be seen in Table 3 the mean age of patients whose scans were reviewed in the study was
62.1 years, with standard deviation of 17.3 years. Gender distribution was 48% male, 51% female and
1% unknown (Table 4). Scanner distribution can also be found in Table 5 below.

                         Table 3. Descriptive Statistics for Age

                    Mean     Std     Min   Median   Max    N
             Age
                          62.1     17.3     18      64      90      499
               (Years)


                                      6

Table 4. Frequency Distribution of Gender


                                  Gender
                   Ground                                   All
                       Truth      Male    Female
                      Results
                        N  %  N  %   N   %

                          Positive   113  22.6 100  20.0  213    42.7

                       Negative   127  25.5 154  30.9  281    56.6

                                  All      240  48.1 254  50.9  494    99.0


5 cases (4 negative, 1 positive) did not contain any gender information in the DICOM header and
were classified as gender unknown.

                     Table 5. Frequency Distribution of manufacturer


                             Manufacturer  N   %

                              Siemens    201   40.3%


                         GE       100   20.0%


                             Canon      99   19.8%


                                        Philips      99   19.8%

                                       Total      499   100%


Clinical subgroups and confounders present in the dataset included the following: Fully negative;
Heart & vascular; Chronic lung diseases; Trauma; Inflammatory; Oncology; None of the above.

Additional operating points:

In addition to the default operating point that was selected to maximize both sensitivity and specificity,
two additional operating points (AOP) were selected to maximize specificity or sensitivity while
maintaining a lower bound 95% confidence interval of 80% for sensitivity and specificity respectively:

AOP1: Sensitivity was 98.60% (95% CI: 95.96%-99.71%) and specificity was 85.26% (95% CI:
80.61%-89.17%).
AOP2: Sensitivity was 86.45% (95% CI: 81.12%-90.73%) and specificity was 98.25% (95% CI:
95.95%-99.43%).

In summary, performance goals were achieved for the default and two additional operating points.


                                      7

Combined with the comparison results of time-to-notification metric with the predicate device, these
data establish the achievement by the subject BriefCase of preemptive triage in the range of several
minutes.

Conclusions

The subject BriefCase for PE triage and the predicate BriefCase for PE triage are intended to aid in
prioritization and triage of radiological images for the indications for suspected positive findings of
Pulmonary Embolism (PE) pathologies. Both devices are software packages with the same
technological characteristics and principles of operation, incorporating deep learning AI algorithms that
process images, and software to send notifications and display unannotated compressed low-quality
preview images. In both devices, the labeling clearly states that the devices are not for diagnostic use
and instructs the user to further evaluate and diagnose based only on the original images in the local
PACS.

Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not change
the original image, do not provide any marking on the output preview, do not remove images from the
standard of care FIFO queue and do not de-prioritize cases, thus not disturbing standard interpretation
of the images. Both devices notify the radiologist of time-sensitive critical cases within the range of
several minutes, and thus contribute similarly to the standard of care workflow turnaround time
reduction through preemptive triage.

The subject BriefCase device for PE triage is thus substantially equivalent to the primary predicate
BriefCase for PE.


                                      8