March 28, 2023
Annalise-AI Pty Ltd.
℅ Haylee Bosshard
Regulatory Affairs Manager
Level P, 24 Campbell St.
Sydney, New South Wales 2000
AUSTRALIA

Re: K222268
    Trade/Device Name: Annalise Enterprise CXR Triage Trauma
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QFM
    Dated: March 9, 2023
    Received: March 9, 2023

Dear Haylee Bosshard:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K222268 - Haylee Bosshard                                                            Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                             DHT 8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices
                                          and Electronic Products
                             OHT 8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                  Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                            See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

510(k) Number (ifknown)
K222268

Device Name
 Annalise Enterprise CXR Triage Trauma


Indications for Use (Describe)
Annalise Enterprise CXR Triage Trauma is a software workflow tool designed to aid the clinical assessment of adult chest
X-ray cases with features suggestive of vertebral compression fracture in the medical care environment.

The device analyzes cases using an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify findings.  It makes case-level output
available to a PACS or RIS for worklist prioritization or triage intended for clinicians in Bone Health and Fracture Liaison
Service programs.

The device is intended to be used by trained clinicians who are qualified to interpret chest X-rays as part of their scope of
practice.

The device is not intended to direct attention to specific portions of an image or to anomalies other than vertebral
compression fracture.

Its results are not intended to be used on a standalone basis for clinical decision making nor is it intended to rule out
specific critical findings, or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of X-ray cases.

Standalone performance evaluation of the device was performed on a dataset that included only erect positioning. Use of
this device with supine positioning may result in differences in performance.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                                                                                          I    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)     F  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                       This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information  is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                       Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                        Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                             Page  1 of 1                                                         PSC Pblishhing Service   (301) 443-6740    EF

K222268

510(k) Summary

I.  SUBMITTER

 Company Name      Annalise-AI Pty Ltd
 Address              Level P, 24 Campbell St
                     Sydney, NSW 2000
                        Australia
 Phone Number       +61 1800 958 487
 Contact Person       Haylee Bosshard
 Date Prepared         July 28, 2022

II.  SUBJECT DEVICE

 Manufacturer Name   Annalise-AI Pty Ltd
 Device Name         Annalise Enterprise CXR Triage Trauma
 510(k) reference     K222268
 Classification Name   Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
                    (21CFR892.2080)
 Regulatory Class        II
 Product Code     QFM

III. PREDICATE DEVICE

 Manufacturer Name   Annalise-AI Pty Ltd
 Device Name         Annalise Enterprise CXR Triage Pneumothorax
 510(k) reference     K213941
 Classification Name   Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
                    (21CFR892.2080)
 Regulatory Class        II
 Product Code     QFM

This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.

IV. REFERENCE DEVICE

 Manufacturer Name   Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.
 Device Name        HealthVCF
 510(k) reference     K192901
 Classification Name   Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
                    (21CFR892.2080)
 Regulatory Class        II
 Product Code     QFM

                                                                                           Page 1
 Confidential Proprietary Information, not to be reproduced or made available to third parties without prior consent
                       from annalise.ai and not to be used in any unauthorized way

V.  DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Annalise Enterprise CXR Triage Trauma is a software workflow tool which uses an artificial
intelligence (AI) algorithm to identify suspected findings on chest X-ray (CXR) studies in the
medical care environment. The findings identified by the device include vertebral compression
fractures.

Radiological findings are identified by the device using an AI algorithm – a convolutional neural
network trained using deep-learning techniques. Images used to train the algorithm were sourced
from datasets across three continents, including a range of equipment manufacturers and models.
The performance of the device’s AI algorithm was validated in a standalone performance
evaluation, in which the case-level output from the device was compared with a reference standard
(‘ground truth’). This was determined by two ground truthers, with a third truther used in the event
of disagreement. All truthers were US board-certified radiologists.

The device interfaces with image and order management systems (such as PACS/RIS) to obtain
CXR studies for processing by the AI algorithm. Following processing, if the clinical finding of
interest is identified in a CXR study, the device provides a notification to the image and order
management system for prioritization of that study in the worklist. This enables users to review
the studies containing features suggestive of these clinical findings earlier than in the standard
clinical workflow. It is important to note that the device will never decrease a study’s existing
priority in the worklist. This ensures that worklist items will never have their priorities downgraded
based on AI results.

The device workflow is performed parallel to and in conjunction with the standard clinical
workflow for interpretation of CXRs. The device is intended to aid in prioritization and triage of
radiological medical images only.

VI. INDICATIONS FOR USE

The Indications for Use statement is as follows:

Annalise Enterprise CXR Triage Trauma is a software workflow tool designed to aid the clinical
assessment of adult chest X-ray cases with features suggestive of vertebral compression fracture
in the medical care environment.

The device analyzes cases using an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify findings. It makes
case-level output available to a PACS or RIS for worklist prioritization or triage intended for
clinicians in Bone Health and Fracture Liaison Service programs.

The device is intended to be used by trained clinicians who are qualified to interpret chest X-rays
as part of their scope of practice.

The device is not intended to direct attention to specific portions of an image or to anomalies other
than vertebral compression fracture.
                                                                                           Page 2
 Confidential Proprietary Information, not to be reproduced or made available to third parties without prior consent
                       from annalise.ai and not to be used in any unauthorized way

Its results are not intended to be used on a standalone basis for clinical decision making nor is it
intended to rule out specific critical findings, or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of X-ray
cases.

Standalone performance evaluation of the device was performed on a dataset that included only
erect positioning. Use of  this device with supine positioning may result in differences in
performance.

The Indications for Use statement of the subject device differs to the predicate device only in the
clinical conditions of interest, however a standalone performance evaluation was conducted and
demonstrated that the device is safe and effective for its intended use. Both the subject and
predicate device are intended for use to assist with worklist triage by providing notifications of
suspected findings and their associated priority.

VII. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL
CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE

The subject device was evaluated and compared to the predicate device with respect to the
following characteristics:

    1.  Indications for Use
    2.  Target population
    3.  Anatomical site and modality
    4.  Intended user and clinical use environment
    5.  Technical method for notification and prioritization
    6.  Device input and radiological image protocol
    7.  Device output and means of notification to user
    8.  System components
    9.  Location where results are received
    10. Prioritization relationship to standard of care workflow
    11. Ability to support effective triage
    12. Set of findings

The difference between the two devices were identified as:

      the set of findings that the subject device is intended to identify, and
      the users that the subject device is intended to notify.

To address these differences, standalone performance data was supplied and a reference device
was used to support the conclusion that the subject device does not raise different questions of
safety and effectiveness and that the subject device is as safe and effective as the predicate device.


                                                                                           Page 3
 Confidential Proprietary Information, not to be reproduced or made available to third parties without prior consent
                       from annalise.ai and not to be used in any unauthorized way

VIII. PERFORMANCE DATA

The following performance data have been provided to support evaluation of  substantial
equivalence.

      A.    Software Verification and Validation Testing

Software verification and validation testing was conducted, and documentation was provided as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”, May 11, 2005.

       B.    Performance Testing

Performance of the subject device was assessed to satisfy requirements set forth in the special
controls per 21CFR892.2080. These included standalone performance and triage effectiveness
evaluations.

Standalone performance was assessed via a retrospective, anonymized study of adult patient,
DICOM-compliant CXR  cases. The  test  dataset used during  the standalone performance
evaluation was newly acquired and independent from the training dataset used in model
development. The standalone performance study was conducted on a dataset of 589 CXR cases
(positive n=272 and negative n=317), collected consecutively from four US hospital network sites.
The cohort included representation across subgroups for patient demographics (gender, age,
ethnicity, race), technical parameters (imaging equipment make, model), imaging parameters
(positioning, projections) and co-existing findings or abnormalities. To determine the ground truth,
each deidentified CXR case was annotated in a blinded fashion by at least two ABR-certified and
protocol-trained radiologists (ground truthers), with consensus determined by two ground truthers
and a third ground truther in the event of disagreement. The key results of the study are summarized
in the tables below.

                  Finding                                                Results

 Vertebral compression fracture          AUC: 0.954 (95% CI: 0.939-0.968)


                             Operating              Sensitivity (Se)                    Specificity (Sp)
         Finding
                                 Point              (95% CI)                   (95% CI)
   Vertebral compression       0.3849              89.3 (85.7-93.0)                  89.0 (85.8-92.1)
           fracture              0.4834              85.3 (80.9-89.3)                  90.9 (87.7-94.0)


The results demonstrate the subject device establishes effective triage within a clinician’s queue
based on high sensitivity and specificity. Further, these results are substantially equivalent to those
of the predicate device.

Triage effectiveness (turn-around time) was assessed as part of the standalone performance study.
These cases were collected from multiple data sources spanning a variety of geographical

                                                                                           Page 4
 Confidential Proprietary Information, not to be reproduced or made available to third parties without prior consent
                       from annalise.ai and not to be used in any unauthorized way

locations, patient demographics and technical characteristics. The results demonstrated an average
triage turn-around time of 30.0 seconds, which is substantially equivalent to that published for the
predicate device.

Therefore, the subject device has been shown to satisfy the performance requirements per
21CFR892.2080, for radiological triage and notification software, by providing clinically effective
triage for chest X-ray studies containing features suggestive of clinical findings of interest. This
data demonstrates the subject device is safe and effective for its intended use, and thereby supports
substantial equivalence.

IX. CONCLUSIONS

The subject device and the predicate device are both software only packages, devices intended to
assist with worklist triage by providing notification of findings in adults to trained clinicians. The
subject and predicate devices utilize the same principles of operation and work in parallel to the
current standard of care workflow.

Both the subject and predicate devices have the same software architecture, use the same deep
learning AI principals to identify findings in images and require the same inputs and provide the
equivalent outputs.

The minor differences between the subject and predicate devices do not raise new questions of
safety and effectiveness.

Standalone performance testing and the comparison of technological characteristics with the
predicate devices shows that the subject device:

      performs as intended,
       is safe and effective for its intended use, and
       is therefore substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                                                           Page 5
 Confidential Proprietary Information, not to be reproduced or made available to third parties without prior consent
                       from annalise.ai and not to be used in any unauthorized way