September 8, 2023

Healthy.io Ltd.
Ron Zohar
Chief Product Officer
8 Yitzhak Sadeh St.
Tel Aviv, Israel
6777508

Re: K222921
    Trade/Device Name: Minuteful-kidney test
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.1225
    Regulation Name: Creatinine Test System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JFY, JIR, KQO
    Dated: June 11, 2023
    Received: June 12, 2023

Dear Ron Zohar:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K222921 - Ron Zohar                                                                 Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                                     Paula V. Caposino -S
                                            Paula Caposino, Ph.D.
                                           Acting Deputy Division Director
                                             Division of Chemistry
                                           and Toxicology Devices
                                  OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K222921

Device Name
Minuteful - kidney test


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Minuteful - kidney test is an in-vitro diagnostic, home-use urine analysis test system for the semi-quantitative
measurement of albumin and creatinine in urine, as well as the presentation of their ratio, the albumin-creatinine ratio
(ACR). The system consists of a smartphone application, proprietary Color-Board and an ACR Reagent Strip. The system
is available for prescription-use only and is intended for people at risk of kidney disease. Results are intended to be used
in conjunction with clinical evaluation as an aid in the assessment of kidney health.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Healthy.io’s Minuteful - kidney
                                              test
                                     (K222921)

  Submitter:

Healthy.io Ltd.
8 Yitzhak Sadeh St.
Tel Aviv, Israel
6777508

Phone: +972-54-445-4514
Facsimile: +972-77-470-4808

Contact Person: Ron Zohar

Date Prepared: September 19, 2022

Name of Device: Minuteful - kidney test

Common or Usual Name: Smartphone enabled albumin-creatinine ratio analyzer

  Regulation Section and Classification Name:

Class I: Albumin
Class II: Creatinine

21 CFR § 862.1645 Urinary protein or albumin (non-quantitative) test system
21 CFR § 862.1225 Creatinine test system
21 CFR § 862.2900 Automated urinalysis system

  Product Code:

JIR           Urinary protein or albumin (nonquantitative) test
system JFY   Creatinine test system
KQO        Automated urinalysis system

Classification Panel: Clinical Chemistry

Predicate Device:

The Minuteful - kidney test is substantially equivalent to the following predicate device:

Manufacturer        Device                                        510(k) Number

Healthy.io Ltd.          Minuteful - kidney test                       K210069

  Device Description:

The Minuteful - kidney test is comprised of a kit and a smartphone application. It is intended for
the semi-quantitative measurement of albumin and creatinine in urine, as well as the presentation
of their ratio, the albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR).

The Minuteful - kidney test is intended for prescription-use only, as a home-use device to aid in
the assessment of kidney health. The results can be used together with clinical evaluation to
guide patient care.

The device’s kit includes a urine receptacle, an ACR Reagent Strip, an absorbing (i.e. “blotting”)
pad, a proprietary Color-Board and a user manual. The device also consists of an easy-to-use
smartphone application, image recognition algorithms, and a physician compendium.

The software component of the Minuteful - kidney test consists of both an application (app) and
a backend server. Both components encompass different computer vision and machine learning
algorithmic components, performing the image analysis activities. The app instructs the user how
to accurately administer the test. The Image Validation Transfer System (IVTS) component of the
Minuteful - kidney test enables its usage across a wide range of smartphone types and operating
systems, essentially making the test platform agnostic.

  Intended Use/Indications for Use:

The Minuteful - kidney test is an in-vitro diagnostic, home-use urine analysis test system for the
semi-quantitative measurement of albumin and creatinine in urine, as well as the presentation of
their ratio, the albumin-creatinine ratio (ACR). The system consists of a smartphone application,
proprietary Color-Board and an ACR Reagent Strip. The system is available for prescription-use
only and is intended for people at risk of kidney disease. Results are intended to be used in
conjunction with clinical evaluation as an aid in the assessment of kidney health.

Table I Comparison between the Minuteful - kidney test (K222921) and Minuteful - kidney test
(K210069) the predicate device.

  Feature           Minuteful - kidney test           Minuteful - kidney test
                   (K210069)                      (K222921)
Intended Use     The Minuteful – kidney test is an   Same
                        in-vitro diagnostic, home-use
                    urine analysis test system for the
                    semi-quantitative measurement of
                  albumin and creatinine in urine,
                 as well as the presentation of
                       their ratio, the albumin-creatinine
                       ratio (ACR). The system consists
                      of a smartphone application,
                     proprietary Color-Board and an
             ACR Reagent Strip. The system
                         is available for prescription-use
                    only and is intended for people at
                       risk of kidney disease. Results
                   are intended to be used in
                    conjunction with clinical
                    evaluation as an aid in the
                 assessment of kidney health.

Test Specimen     Urine                     Same

Detection          Reflectance photometry         Same
Methodology

Detection Device   Photosensitive diode           Same

Strips          URiSCAN 2ACR urine strips      Same
                 (K141874)

Analytes           albumin, creatinine            Same

Power Source     Not Applicable               Same

Data Transfer/     Via smartphone internet         Same
Capabilities        connection from the backend
                   server to the lay user and a
                   healthcare professional. Results
                   are available for secure sharing

Feature           Minuteful - kidney test           Minuteful - kidney test
                  (K210069)                      (K222921)
                    with an EMR.


Available          English                             English, Spanish
languages
on screen

Measuring        75 seconds                 Same
Cycle/Incubation
Time

Throughput       Not Applicable               Same

Smartphones/     The product supports a wide     Same
Operating           variety of currently available
                 smartphones and operatingSystems
                  systems. Newly introduced
                 smartphone-hardware and new
                   operating systems will be
                    validated by the company on a
                    regular basis.
Dimensions     106mm (W) x 143mm (D) x      Same
             30mm (H)

Weight           0.105kg                   Same

Summary of Performance Data:

Healthy.io conducted multiple validation studies including the Limit of Detection and the set of
IVTS studies to ensure the modified device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device
(Minuteful - kidney test K210069). The rest of the analytical and clinical performance studies are
still relevant for the modified version of the Minuteful - kidney test, and their summary is available
in the predicate device documentation (K210069).

Performance Testing:

The performance characteristics of the Minuteful - kidney test were evaluated according to the
following performance tests:

Limit of Detection (LoD):
Testing of the Minuteful - kidney test detection limits was designed and executed in accordance
with guidance provided by the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute (CLSI) document EP17-
A2  - Evaluation of Detection Capability  for  Clinical Laboratory Measurement Procedures;
Approved Guidelines - Second Edition.

Illumination Conditions:
This study consisted of two separate studies; the Multiple Illuminations and Extreme Illuminations
studies.
 ●  Multiple Illuminations: Testing was conducted under different lighting conditions of different
     color temperatures and intensities from different light sources representative of those that
   may be used in the home setting. The results of the study support that the performance is
     not impacted by lighting conditions that are likely to be found in the home use environment.
 ●  Extreme Illuminations: Testing was conducted under  different  lighting conditions with
     different saturation of the RGB spectrums as well as under different light intensities. Tested
    smartphones were evaluated at the edges of the device boundary conditions, under which
     the device allowed the smartphone to take an image of the urine test strip and Color-Board.
    The results of this testing support that the device performance is not impacted by different
      light color saturations.

Physical Conditions:
Testing was conducted under different distance conditions and different angle conditions. Tested
smartphones were evaluated at the edges of the device boundary conditions, under which the
device allowed the smartphone to take an image of the urine test strip and Color-Board. The
performance of the device was not impacted within the supported conditions.

Multiple Shadow conditions:
Testing was conducted under different shadow configurations of different intensity and covering
different portions of the Color-Board and urine test strip. Tested smartphones were evaluated at
the edges of the device boundary conditions, under which the device allowed the smartphone to
use the captured image of the urine test strip and Color-Board. The performance of the device
was not impacted by the presence of shadows on the color-board and test strip within the
supported conditions.

Blurriness:
Testing was conducted under different conditions of blurred images consisting of different levels
of focus and motion blur. Tested smartphones were evaluated at the edges of the device boundary
conditions, under which the device allowed the smartphone to take an image of the urine test strip
and Color-Board. The performance of the device was not impacted by the image blur within the
supported conditions.

Misplaced Urine Stick:
Testing was conducted under different urine test strip placements. Tested smartphones were
evaluated at the edges of the device boundary conditions, under which the device allowed the
smartphone to use the captured image of the urine test strip and Color-Board. The performance
of the device was not impacted by the test strip placement within the supported conditions.

Dirty Color-Board:
Testing was conducted under different dirty substances covering different parts of the ColorBoard. consisting of different levels of focus and motion blur. Tested smartphones were evaluated
at the edges of the device boundary conditions, under which the device allowed the smartphone
to use the captured image of the urine test strip and Color-Board. The performance of the device
was not impacted by the dirty substances within the supported conditions.

Precision:
See Minuteful - kidney test summary (K210069).


Interference:
See Minuteful - kidney test summary (K210069).

Linearity:
See Minuteful - kidney test summary (K210069).

Stability:
See Minuteful - kidney test summary (K210069).


Clinical Performance Testing:

Method Comparison:
See Minuteful - kidney test summary (K210069).


Conclusion:

The modified Minuteful - kidney test is substantially equivalent to the predicate device Minuteful -
kidney test cleared in K210069.