Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
℅ John J. Smith, M.D., J.D.
Partner
Hogan Lovells U.S. LLP
555 Thirteenth Street NW
WASHINGTON DC 20004
                                                                  December 5, 2022Re: K222692
    Trade/Device Name: BriefCase
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QFM
    Dated: November 10, 2022
    Received: November 10, 2022

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see

K222692 - John Smith, M.D., J.D.                                                       Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, PhD
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices
                                           and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES             Form  Approved: OMB  No.  0910-0120
                        Food and Drug Administration                              Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                      See PRA Statement below
510(k) Number (if known)

 K222692

Device Name

BriefCase
Indications for Use (Describe)


BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the analysis of chest
and abdominal CT images. The device is intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained medical
specialists within the standard-of-care bone health setting in workflow triage by flagging and communication of
suspected positive cases of Vertebral Compression Fractures (VCFx) findings.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected findings on a
standalone application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The device does not alter the
original medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnosis device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on their
professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians are responsible for
viewing full images per the standard of care.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                     Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including
          the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and
         complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
          other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human
                                           Services Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                             Page 1 of 1                                           PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740072EF

K222692
                                      510(k) Summary
                           Aidoc Medical, Ltd.’s BriefCase

Submitter:

       Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
      3 Aminadav St.
        Tel-Aviv, Israel
      Phone:             +972-73-7946870

       Contact Person:      Amalia Schreier, LL.M.

      Date Prepared:      September 6, 2022

Name of Device:            BriefCase

Classification Name:        Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
                            device

Regulatory Class:          Class II

Product Code:         QFM (21 C.F.R. 892.2080)

Primary Predicate Device:   HealthVCF (K192901)


Device Description

BriefCase is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device. The  software
system is based on an algorithm programmed component and consists of a standard off-the-shelf
operating system, the Microsoft Windows server 2012 64bit, and additional applications, which include
PostgreSQL, DICOM module and the BriefCase Image Processing Application. The device consists
of the following three modules: (1) Aidoc Hospital Server (AHS/Orchestrator) for image acquisition; (2)
Aidoc Cloud Server (ACS) for image processing; and (3) Aidoc Desktop Application for workflow
integration.

DICOM images are received, saved, filtered and de-identified before processing.  Filtration matches
metadata fields with keywords. Series are processed chronologically by running the algorithms on
each series to detect suspected cases.

The desktop application feed displays all incoming suspect cases, each notified case in a line.
Hovering over a line in the feed pops up a compressed, low-quality, grayscale, unannotated image
that is captioned “not for diagnostic use”, “for prioritization only” and is displayed as a preview function.
This compressed preview is meant for informational purposes only, does not contain any marking of
the findings, and is not intended for primary diagnosis beyond notification.

Presenting the users with worklist prioritization facilitates earlier triage by prompting the user to assess
the relevant original images in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention earlier than would
have been the case in the standard of care practice alone.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

BriefCase is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the
analysis of chest and abdominal CT images. The device is intended to assist hospital networks and
appropriately trained medical specialists within the standard-of-care bone health setting in workflow
triage by flagging and communication of suspected positive cases of Vertebral Compression Fractures
(VCFx) findings.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected
findings on a standalone application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation.
The device does not alter the original medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnosis
device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and
based on their professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified
clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics


The subject BriefCase for Vertebral Compression Fractures (VCFx) triage and primary predicate
HealthVCF triage (K192901) are very similar, as explained below.

Both devices are radiological computer-aided triage and notification software programs. Both devices
are artificial intelligence, deep-learning algorithms incorporating software packages for use with PACS
and radiology workstations. The predicate HealthVCF evaluates images from CT scanners as does
the proposed Briefcase for Vertebral Compression Fractures (VCFx). The predicate and subject
devices run on chest and abdomen CTs. The predicate and subject devices both present nondiagnostic slices preview images.

The proposed device for Vertebral Compression Fractures has similar technology and design as the
predicate device, and similar indications for use, i.e., both devices are intended to aid in prioritization
and triage of time-critical radiological images. The subject and predicate HealthVCF devices raise the
same types of safety and effectiveness questions, namely, accurate detection of findings within the
processed study. It is important to note that, like the predicate, the subject device neither removes
cases from the standard of care reading queue nor deprioritizes cases. Both devices operate in parallel
with the standard of care, which remains the default option for all cases. A table comparing the key
features of the subject and the predicate devices is provided below.


                                  75

Table 1. Key Feature Comparison

                              Predicate Device HealthVCF         Subject Device
                                     (K192901)              Aidoc Briefcase for
                                                                Vertebral Compression
                                                             Fractures (VCFx) Triage
Intended Use  / Indications for  HealthVCF    is  a   passive  BriefCase   is  a  radiological
Use                                 notification   for   prioritization-  computer  aided  triage  and
                                   only, parallel-workflow software   notification software indicated
                                     tool  used  by  clinicians  to   for use in the analysis of chest
                                       prioritize    specific    patients  and abdominal CT images. The
                                   within   the   standard-of-care  device  is  intended  to  assist
                           bone   health    setting    for   hospital      networks   and
                             suspected            vertebral  appropriately  trained medical
                             compression fractures.           specialists within the standardof-care bone health setting in
                           HealthVCF uses an  artificial  workflow triage by flagging and
                                    intelligence    algorithm    to  communication  of  suspected
                              analyze chest and abdominal   positive  cases  of  Vertebral
                      CT scans and flags those that  Compression Fractures (VCFx)
                               are suggestive of the presence   findings.
                                   of   at   least  one   vertebral
                             compression at the exam level.  BriefCase  uses  an   artificial
                           These flags are viewed by the   intelligence    algorithm    to
                                      clinician  in Bone Health and  analyze images and highlight
                                Fracture    Liaison    Service  cases with detected findings on
                            programs in the medical setting  a  standalone  application  in
                                  via a  worklist  application on   parallel to the ongoing standard
                                      their  Picture  Archiving  and   of care image  interpretation.
                            Communication      System  The device does not alter the
                            (PACS). HealthVCF does not   original medical image and is
                           send a proactive alert directly  not intended to be used as a
                                    to the user.                     diagnosis device.

                           HealthVCF does not provide  The results of BriefCase are
                                 diagnostic information beyond  intended   to  be  used   in
                                    triage and prioritization, it does  conjunction with other patient
                                                                  information and based on their                                not remove cases  from  the
                                                                  professional   judgment,    to                                 radiology worklist, and should
                                                                      assist with  triage/prioritization                                not be used  in place of  full
                                                                       of  medical  images.  Notified                                   patient  evaluation,  or  relied
                                                                         clinicians are responsible  for
                           upon  to  make  or  confirm
                                                              viewing  full images  per  the
                                 diagnosis.
                                                             standard of care.


                                76

Predicate Device HealthVCF         Subject Device
                                       (K192901)              Aidoc Briefcase for
                                                                   Vertebral Compression
                                                               Fractures (VCFx) Triage

  User population             Bone Health Clinicians           Hospital      networks   and
                                                                     appropriately  trained  medical
                                                                         specialists within the standardof-care bone health setting.


  Anatomical region of interest    Chest and abdomen           Chest and abdomen

  Data acquisition protocol       Chest and abdominal CT scans  Chest and abdominal CT scans


   Notification-only,        parallel  Yes                       Yes
  workflow tool
  Interference   with   standard  No                     No
  workflow
  Algorithm                              Artificial intelligence algorithm     Artificial intelligence algorithm
  Structure                                     -   Data input and               - AHS module (orchestrator,
                                              validation (to ensure       image acquisition);
                                              compatibility for              - ACS module (image
                                        processing by the           processing));
                                           algorithm)                      -  Aidoc Desktop application
                                                     -   HealthVCF algorithm.         for workflow integration
                                                     -   Zebra Worklist.              (feed and non-diagnostic
                                                          Image Viewer).


Performance Data

Pivotal Study Summary

Aidoc conducted a retrospective, blinded, multicenter, study with the BriefCase software to evaluate
the software’s performance in identifying Vertebral Compression Fractures in chest and abdominal CT
images in 318 cases from 5 US-based clinical sites, compared to the ground truth as determined by
three senior board-certified radiologists. The cases collected for the pivotal dataset were all distinct in
time or center from the cases used to train the algorithm.

Primary endpoints were pre-specified standalone performance goal (PG) of area under the curve
(AUC) > 0.95 for the study level receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve. Secondary endpoints
were BriefCase time-to-notification compared to the predicate device. Positive Predictive Value (PPV),
Negative Predictive Value (NPV), Positive Likelihood Ratio (PLR), and Negative Likelihood Ratio
(NLR) will also be assessed.


                                  77

Primary Endpoint

AUC was 97.6% (95% CI: 96.1%, 99.1%), Sensitivity was 95.11% (95% CI: 90.92%, 97.74%) and
Specificity was 93.28% (95% CI: 87.63%, 96.88%). As the AUC exceeded 0.95 and sensitivity and
specificity both exceeded 80%, the study’s primary endpoints were met.

Lower confidence  limits  for AUC,  sensitivity and  specificity were  all above the pre-specified
performance goals, demonstrating that the pre-specified performance goals were met.

Secondary Endpoint

In addition, the time-to-notification metric observed for the BriefCase software in the five medical
centers was compared to the equivalent metric of the predicate devices.

 -  The BriefCase time-to-notification includes the time to get the DICOM exam, de-identify it, upload
        it to the cloud, analyze and send a notification on a positive suspect case back to the desktop
     application.

The BriefCase time-to-notification was measured for all True Positive cases (i.e., identified as positive
both by the reviewers as well as the BriefCase device) and is given in Table 2 below. The table also
displays the same metric reported for the predicate HealthVCF.

The time-to-notification results obtained for the subject BriefCase device show comparability with the
primary predicate with regard to time savings to the standard of care review. The BriefCase mean
time-to-notification for Vertebral Compression Fractures was 117.2 seconds (95% CI: 98.64-135.85).
The time-to-notification for the HealthVCF triage was 61.36 seconds.

        Table 2. Time-to- Notification Comparison for BriefCase and Predicate Devices


Time -to-notification   N      Mean  95% Lower 95% Upper   Median     IQR
                              Estimate    CL      CL


 Predicate K192901                  unknown           unknown  unknown   unknown   unknown                                61.36  Processing Time


 BriefCase Time-to-                     184      117.2      98.64     135.85       71.5        99.5
      notification


NPV was 99.5% (95% CI: 99.1%- 99.8%) and PPV was 55.2% (95% CI: 39.6%- 69.8%).

PLR was 14.1606 (95% CI: 7.528-26.637) and NLR was 0.0524 (95% CI: 0.028- 0.099).

Thus, the reported similar time-to-notification data demonstrates that when using the subject
BriefCase for Vertebral Compression Fractures triage the radiologists may have the same benefit in
time saving as with the HealthVCF triage.


                                  78

As can be seen in Table 3 the mean age of patients whose scans were reviewed for VCFx was 65.7
years, with a standard deviation of 16.9 years. Gender distribution was 46.5% male, and 53.5% female
(Table 4). Scanner distribution can also be found in Table 5 below.

                          Table 3. Descriptive Statistics for Age

                     Mean     Std     Min   Median   Max    N
          Age (Years)     65.7     16.9     18      68      90      318


                       Table 4. Frequency Distribution of Gender


                               Gender
             Ground
                 Truth       Male         Female               All
               Results
                   N   %    N   %    N    %

                 Positive     92   28.9%   92   28.9%   184    57.9%


               Negative    56   17.6%   78   24.5%   134    42.1%


                    All        148   46.5%   170   53.5%   318    100.0%


                     Table 5. Frequency Distribution of Manufacturer


                             Manufacturer   N    %

                     GE MEDICAL   114   35.9%
                       SYSTEMS


                         SIEMENS     91   28.6%


                          TOSHIBA     57    17.9%


                                        Philips      56   17.6%

                                       Total      318   100%


                                  79

Conclusions

The subject BriefCase for Vertebral Compression Fractures and the predicate HealthVCF triage are
intended to aid in prioritization and triage of radiological images for the indications of vertebral
compression fractures. Both devices are software packages with substantially equivalent technological
characteristics and principles of operation, incorporating deep learning AI algorithms that process
images, and software to send notifications and display unannotated compressed low-quality preview
images. In both devices, the labeling clearly states that the devices are not for diagnostic use and for
prioritization only and instructs the user to further evaluate and diagnose based only on the original
images in the local PACS.

Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not change
the original image, do not provide any marking on the output preview, do not remove images from the
standard of care FIFO queue and do not de-prioritize cases, thus not disturbing standard interpretation
of the images. Both devices notify the radiologist of time-sensitive critical cases within the range of
several minutes, and thus contribute similarly to the standard of care workflow turnaround time
reduction through preemptive triage.

The subject BriefCase device for Vertebral Compression Fractures triage  is thus substantially
equivalent to the primary predicate HealthVCF triage.


                                  80