Ever Fortune.AI Co., Ltd.
Ti-Hao Wang
Chief Technology Officer
Rm. D, 8 F., No. 573, Sec. 2, Taiwan Blvd., West Dist.
Taichung City, 403020
TAIWAN
                                                                  September 8, 2022
Re: K222076
    Trade/Device Name: EFAI ChestSuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QFM
    Dated: July 13, 2022
    Received: July 14, 2022

Dear Ti-Hao Wang:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 3 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K222076 - Ti-Hao Wang                                                               Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).


                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices and
                                               Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality

Enclosure

oy EVER
F@RTUNE.AI
Section 4. Indications for Use Statement
(Form FDA 3881)
EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System Traditional 510(k)
1

g
@
EVER
F@RTUNE.AI
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
222076
Device Name
EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System
Indications for Use (Describe)
EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System is a software workflow tool designed to aid the clinical
assessment of adult (18 years of age or older) Chest X-Ray cases with features suggestive of pleural effusion in the
medical care environment. EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System analyzes cases using an artificial
intelligence algorithm to identify suspected findings on chest x-ray images taken in PA position. It makes case-level
output available to a PACS/workstation for worklist prioritization or triage. EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion
Assessment System is not intended to direct attention to specific portions or anomalies of an image. Its results are not
intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making nor is it intended to rule out pleural effusion or
otherwise preclude clinical assessment of X-Ray cases.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
IX] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (1 Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC PblingSenies(00)40-6740 EF
ee
EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System Traditional 510(k)
2

®
—_ EVER
F@RTUNE.AI
510(k) Summary
(K222076)
EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System Traditional 510(k)
1

Section 5. 510(k) Summary
  1. General Information

 510(k) Sponsor             Ever Fortune.AI Co., Ltd.
 Address                Rm. D, 8F. No. 573, Sec. 2 Taiwan Blvd.
                          West Dist.
                            Taichung City 403020
                    TAIWAN
 Applicant                   Joseph Chang
 Contact Information        886-04-23213838 #216
                               joseph.chang@everfortune.ai
 Correspondence Person      Ti-Hao Wang, MD
 Contact Information        886-04-23213838 #168
                               tihao.wang@everfortune.ai
 Date Prepared                July 13, 2022

  2. Proposed Device

 Proprietary Name         EFAI ChestSuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System
 Common Name           EFAI PUEXR v1.0
 Classification Name          Radiological Computer-Assisted  Prioritization Software For
                              Lesions
 Regulation Number         21 CFR 892.2080
 Regulation Name             Radiological Computer Aided Triage and Notification Software
 Product Code          QFM
 Regulatory Class                 II

  3. Predicate Device

 Proprietary Name          HealthCXR
 Premarket Notification      K192320
 Classification Name          Radiological Computer-Assisted  Prioritization Software For
                              Lesions
 Regulation Number         21 CFR 892.2080
 Regulation Name             Radiological Computer Aided Triage and Notification Software
 Product Code          QFM
 Regulatory Class                 II


EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System Traditional 510(k)
                                          2

4. Device Description

EFAI ChestSuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System, is a radiological computer-assisted
triage and  notification software system. The software uses deep  learning techniques  to
automatically analyze PA chest x-rays and sends notification messages to the picture archiving
and communication system (PACS)/workstation to allow suspicious findings of pleural effusion
to be identified.

The device is intended to provide a passive notification through the PACS/workstation to the
radiologists indicating the existence of a case that may potentially benefit from the prioritization.
It does not mark, highlight, or direct users’ attention to a specific location on the original chest
X-ray. The device aims to aid in prioritization and triage of radiological medical images only.

The deployment environment is recommended to be in a local network with an existing hospitalgrade IT system in place. EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System should be
installed on a specialized server supporting deep learning processing. The configurations are only
being operated by the manufacturer:
       ●  Local network setting of input and output destinations;

EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System  is a software-only device which
operates in four stages - data transfer, data preprocessing, AI inference and data post processing.
The workflow of the device begins with applying a number of filtering rules based on image
characteristics and DICOM tags to ensure only eligible images are analyzed by the algorithm. The
image preprocessing unit ensures that all the input data are normalized (image size, contrast) such
that it is ready for the algorithm to conduct the analysis. The AI inference generates an assessment
which is then post-processed into a JSON message and transferred to an API server. The software
is packaged as a docker container such that it can be installed and deployed to both a physical or
virtual machine.

  5. Intended Use


EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System is a software workflow tool designed to
aid the clinical assessment of adult (18 years of age or older) Chest X-Ray cases with features
suggestive of pleural effusion in the medical care environment. EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural
Effusion Assessment System analyzes cases using an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify
suspected findings on chest x-ray images taken in PA position. It makes case-level output available
to a PACS/workstation for worklist prioritization or triage. EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion
Assessment System is not intended to direct attention to specific portions or anomalies of an image.
Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making nor is it
intended to rule out pleural effusion or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of X-Ray cases.


EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System Traditional 510(k)
                                          3

6. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with Predicate
    Device

Table below provides a comparison of the intended use and key technological features of EFAI
Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System with that of the Primary Predicate, HealthCXR
(K192320).

                   Table - Comparison with the Predicate Device.

                        Ever Fortune.AI Co., Ltd.
     Company                                        Zebra Medical Vision Ltd.
                                (EFAI)
                    EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural
     Device Name                                        HealthCXR
                         Effusion Assessment System
    510k Number              K222076                   K192320
    Regulation No.         21CFR 892.2080            21CFR 892.2080
     Classification                          II                                        II
     Product Code           QFM                 QFM
                  EFAI  Chestsuite XR  Pleural
                        Effusion Assessment System is
                       a   software  workflow   tool
                       designed  to  aid  the  clinical  The Zebra HealthCXR device is
                       assessment of adult (18 years of  a   software   workflow   tool
                      age or older) Chest X-Ray cases  designed  to  aid  the  clinical
                       with  features  suggestive  of  assessment of adult Chest X-Ray
                          pleural effusion in the medical  cases with features suggestive of
                         care    environment.   EFAI  pleural effusion in the medical
                         Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion  care  environment.  HealthCXR
                      Assessment  System  analyzes  analyzes cases using an artificial
                        cases   using   an    artificial  intelligence algorithm to identify
                          intelligence    algorithm     to  suspected  findings.   It  makes
       Intended         identify suspected findings on  case-level output available to a
   Use/Indication for    chest x-ray images taken in PA  PACS/workstation  for  worklist
        Use            position.   It makes  case-level   prioritization      or       triage.
                        output     available     to    a  HealthCXR  is not intended  to
                      PACS/workstation for worklist   direct   attention   to   specific
                           prioritization  or  triage. EFAI  portions  or  anomalies  of  an
                         Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion  image. Its results are not intended
                      Assessment  System   is   not  to be used on a stand-alone basis
                        intended to direct attention to  for clinical decision-making nor
                          specific portions or anomalies of   is it intended to rule out pleural
                      an image.  Its  results  are not  effusion or otherwise preclude
                        intended to be used on a stand-   clinical  assessment  of X-Ray
                        alone basis for clinical decision-  cases.
                    making nor is it intended to rule
                        out pleural effusion or otherwise
                        preclude clinical assessment of

EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System Traditional 510(k)
                                          4

X-Ray cases.
     Intended user      Radiologist                      Radiologist

 Supported Modalities  X-Ray (PA view)             X-Ray (PA or AP view)

     Body Part       Chest                         Chest

  Artificial Intelligence
                    Yes                        Yes
      Algorithm
 Limited to analysis of
                    Yes                        Yes
     imaging data
     Aids prompt
 identification of cases
                    Yes                        Yes
     with indicated
        findings

     Image Input    DICOM                DICOM

    Identify patients
  with a pre-specified   Yes                        Yes
    clinical condition

   Clinical condition    Pleural Effusion                  Pleural Effusion

                      Yes; Passive notification         Yes; notification flagged for
    Alert to finding
                        flagged for review              review on hospital worklist
    Independent of
                      Yes; No cases are removed       Yes; No cases are removed from
    standard of care
                     from worklist                     worklist
      workflow
   Where results are
                PACS / RIS / Workstation     PACS / Workstation
        received


The proposed device, EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System, is substantially
equivalent to the claimed predicate, HealthCXR (K192320).


EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System Traditional 510(k)
                                          5

7. Performance Data

Performance of the EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System v1.0 has
been evaluated and verified in accordance with software specifications and applicable
performance standards through software verification and validation testing. Additionally,
the  software  validation   activities  were  performed   in  accordance  with  IEC
62304:2006/A1:2016 – Medical device software – Software life cycle processes, in
addition to the FDA Guidance documents, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket
Submissions  for Software Contained  in Medical Devices”(2005) and  the  recently
published “Content of Premarket Submissions for Devices Software Functions (11-04-
2021), and “Content of Premarket Submission for Management of Cybersecurity in
Medical Devices.”
To establish the performance of EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System,
the performance was validated by clinical and nonclinical tests.

Nonclinical Tests
The company conducted an internal validation test to assess the performance of the EFAI
Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System. A  total of 1454 images were
retrospectively collected between 2006 to 2018 from Taiwan. Ground-truthing (classified
into  positive and negative of  pleural effusion) was done by  three  board-certified
radiologists.
Summary of results: The AUC was 0.9517 (95% CI=0.9369-0.9666) with a sensitivity as
0.9013 (95% CI=0.8881-0.9132) and a specificity as 0.8869 (95% CI=0.8776-0.8957) for
assessing pleural effusion. By confirming that the AUC, sensitivity, and specificity all
exceed the prespecified performance goals, the performance of the algorithm of EFAI
Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System was validated.

Clinical Tests
A standalone performance test was also performed. The test was conducted to compare the
pleural effusion classification performance and processing time of EFAI Chestsuite XR
Pleural Effusion Assessment System against the predicate device, HealthCXR. All data
used during the standalone performance evaluation was acquired independently from
product development training and internal testing. Each patient included only one image.
The dataset included a retrospective cohort of 600 anonymized Chest X-ray images
consecutively collected from multiple institutions in US and OUS (286 cases positive for
pleural effusion and 314 cases negative for pleural effusion). The images were acquired
from more than 15 X-Ray scanner manufacturers, including Samsung Electronics,
SHIMADZU, TOSHIBA, KONICA MINOLTA, GE Healthcare, etc. The X-Ray is taken
in a standard chest X-ray protocol in PA view. The confounding factors in this dataset
include atelectasis, airspace disease, air-fluid level, blebs, fracture, infiltrate, mass, miliary
disease, pneumonia, post-op change, pseudotumor, and pulmonary fibrosis.
Three US board-certified radiologists determined the presence of pleural effusion in each
case independently. The majority agreement was used as the reference standard (ground
truth). The performance acceptance criteria were set such that the lower bounds of both

EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System Traditional 510(k)
                                       6

sensitivity and specificity should exceed 0.80 and the lower bound of the AUC should
exceed 0.95.
Summary of results: The dataset included 44.3% female and 55.3% male, and the mean
age of cases was 58.7 years. Overall, the EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment
System was able to demonstrate sensitivity and specificity of 0.9510 (95% CI=0.9195-
0.9706) and 0.9745 (95% CI=0.9505-0.9870) respectively, as well as an AUC of 0.9712
(95% CI=0.9538-0.9885). The average performance time of the EFAI Chestsuite XR
Pleural Effusion Assessment System was 19.6 seconds and was comparable with the
predicate device HealthCXR (K192320, 27.76 seconds). Clinical subgroup analysis was
performed for the gender, data source (US and OUS), scanner manufacturers, size, and
location of pleural effusion, and demonstrated consistent performance for the device across
all subgroups. The results demonstrate that the EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion
Assessment System device is as safe and effective as the predicate device HealthCXR.


  8. Conclusion

Based on the information submitted in this premarket notification, and based on the
indications for use, technological characteristics, and performance testing, the EFAI
Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System v1.0 raises no new questions of safety
and effectiveness and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in terms of safety,
effectiveness, and performance.


EFAI Chestsuite XR Pleural Effusion Assessment System Traditional 510(k)
                                       7