Synapsica
℅ Rory Carrillo
Quality & Regulatory Consultant
Cosm
45 Bartlett Street, Unit 706
SAN FRANCISCO CA 94110

                                                          March 28, 2023Re: K222174
    Trade/Device Name: RadioLens v1.0
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: February 17, 2023
    Received: February 21, 2023

Dear Rory Carrillo:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K222174 - Rory Carrillo                                                        Page       2


801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices
                                          and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K222174

Device Name
RadioLens v1.0


Indications for Use (Describe)
RadioLens v1.0 software is a medical diagnostic application that displays, processes, stores, and transfers DICOM data,
with the exception of mammography. It provides the capability to store images and patient information, perform filtering,
digital manipulation, and quantitative measurements. The client software is designed to run on standard personal and
business computers.

RadioLens v1.0 includes an optional SpindleX module which is used to analyze potential vertebral body displacements in
spine, either absolute or relative, using cervical/lumbar digital X-Rays of spine. A qualified medical practitioner may use
the module to semi-automatically identify relevant spine anatomy and calculate vertebral displacement measurements.
Measurements are then used to determine severity and location of any spinal ligament injury leading to subluxation using
criteria published in AMA Guides to The Evaluation of Permanent Impairment, 5th & 6th edition.

SpindleX is meant for assistance with analysis of spinal ligament injury in the adult population (>18 years of age) as
captured in stress x-rays. SpindleX is not meant for patients that have undergone surgery or other traumatic injury that
result in distortion of spinal anatomy.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K222174


              Section 5. 510(k) Summary

1.     General Information

 510(k) Sponsor                 Synapsica Healthcare, Inc.
 Address                     2591 Dallas Parkway Suite 300
                                     Frisco, TX 75034

 Correspondence Person        Rory A. Carrillo
                                 Regulatory Consultant | Cosm
 Contact Information            Email: rory@cosmhq.com
                               Phone: (562) 533-7010
 Date Prepared                   July 22, 2022


2.    Subject Device
 Proprietary Name             RadioLens v1.0
 Common Name               RadioLens v1.0
 Classification Name           Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
 Regulation Number           21 CFR 892.2050
 Regulation Name              Medical Image Management and Processing System
 Product Code              QIH
 Regulatory Class                    II


3.    Predicate Device
 Proprietary Name              Spine CAMP™
 Premarket Notification        K221632
 Classification Name           Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
 Regulation Number           21 CFR 892.2050
 Regulation Name              Medical Image Management and Processing System
 Product Code              QIH
 Regulatory Class                    II

4.    Device Description

RadioLens v1.0 is a medical image management and processing system for general human
radiology reporting and provides a browser based interface for transfer of DICOM files from the
scanning equipment to Synapsica’s cloud server, for distribution to authorized users, including
Radiologists. It also provides a worklist that keeps track of patient cases that the user needs to
work on; a DICOM Viewer that allows users to view and analyze images in patient scan; and a
report editor where the Radiologist can prepare the text report that goes back to the patient and
referring provider.

RadioLens v1.0 includes an optional SpindleX module. The SpindleX is an artificial intelligence
(AI) module that works on digital stress x-rays of the spine and assists with clinical interpretation

by a qualified Radiologist by automatically providing multiple relevant measurements in the
spine.

SpindleX is meant for assistance with analysis of spinal ligament injury in the adult population
(>18 years of age) as captured in stress x-rays. SpindleX is not meant for patients that have
undergone surgery or other traumatic injury that result in distortion of spinal anatomy.

The following visualization, quantification, and reporting functionalities are provided by the
software:

Visualization
  ● 2D image review
  ●  Image navigation tools
  ●  Patient worklist

Quantitative Analysis
The subject device performs the following anatomical measurements:

  ●  Ruth Jackson’s angle,
  ●  Ferguson's angle
  ●  Canal diameter
  ●  Displacement of L3 vertebrae
  ●  Vertebral offset
  ●  Motion Segment Integrity, Translational & Angular

Reporting
The subject device provides a detailed, objective report for stress x-rays of spine following
standards  set by American Medical Association (AMA). The report is pre-populated with
annotated snapshots of  digital x-ray scan of the spine generated by SpindleX.   Relevant
measurements, per the Quantitative Analysis discussed above, are provided along the annotated
images. Once the report has been edited and finalized by the Radiologist, it can be downloaded
in microsoft word or pdf format.

Algorithm Training
The RadioLens SpindleX module was trained on 13,452 cervical and 6,492 lumbar retrospective
studies that were de-identified and did not contain any PHI. The data was sourced from over 200
institutions across the U.S., making the dataset very diverse and representative of the population
demographic. These studies consisted of images of stress x-rays of cervical and lumbar spine of
adults (>18 years) taken in the neutral, flexion or extension positions where the patient’s body is
either tilting down or up respectively. Training dataset did not include scans of patients that have
undergone surgeries or any other traumatic injury that results in distortion of anatomy. These
images had morphometry points pre-marked on cervical and lumbar images by US board
certified Radiologists who used these to prepare clinical reports that were delivered to patients.
These pre-marked points were treated as ground truth for training of models

5.    Indications for Use

The RadioLens v1.0 software is a medical diagnostic application that displays, processes, stores,
and transfers DICOM data, with the exception of mammography. It provides the capability to
store images and patient information, perform filtering, digital manipulation, and quantitative
measurements. The  client software  is designed to run on standard personal and business
computers.

RadioLens v1.0 includes an optional SpindleX module which is used to analyze potential
vertebral body displacements in spine, either absolute or relative, using cervical/lumbar digital
X-Rays of spine. A qualified medical practitioner may use the module to semi-automatically
identify  relevant  spine  anatomy  and  calculate  vertebral  displacement  measurements.
Measurements are then used to determine severity and location of any spinal ligament injury
leading to subluxation using criteria published in AMA Guides to The Evaluation of Permanent
Impairment, 5th & 6th edition.

SpindleX is meant for assistance with analysis of spinal ligament injury in the adult population
(>18 years of age) as captured in stress x-rays. SpindleX is not meant for patients that have
undergone surgery or other traumatic injury that result in distortion of spinal anatomy.


6.   Comparison of Technological Characteristics with Predicate Device


                                                                 Predicate Device:
        Feature/              Subject Device:                                                                 Spine CAMP™
       Function              RadioLens v1.0                                                               (K221632)
    Intended Users  Qualified medical practitioners        Radiologists
    Intended
                                                                Clinical settings    Environment     Clinical settings
    Device Class      II                                              II
    Image Input   DICOM                   DICOM
                         Static                                    Static
    Image Display

    Anatomical     Spine
                                                        Spine
    Area
                      Yes, only through the optional
                    SpindleX module (Cervical, Lumbar
    Body Part
                    and others for digital x-rays of      No
     Detection
                       spine)

                      Yes, only through the optional
    Body Position   SpindleX module
                                            N/A
     Detection        (Flexion, extension or neutral)

Predicate Device:
        Feature/              Subject Device:                                                                 Spine CAMP™
       Function              RadioLens v1.0                                                               (K221632)
                   Only through the optional SpindleX
                   module the following measurements
                       are provided:
                                                                            - Linear measurements
                                                                            - Angular measurements
                             - Ruth Jackson’s angle
                                                                            - Vertebral body detection
     Quantitative      - Ferguson's angle
                                                                            - Vertebral body landmark
     Analysis           - Canal diameter
                                                                 specification
                             - Displacement of L3 vertebrae
                                                                            - Vertebral body registration
                             - Vertebral offset
                             - Motion Segment Integrity,
                        Translational & Angular

   2D Motion     N/A
                                                    Yes
     Analysis
    Image        N/A
                                                    Yes
     Registration
    Report         Yes
                                                    Yes
    Creation


The subject device and predicate device have substantially equivalent indications for use and
technological  characteristics. The minor  differences do  not  raise questions  of  safety or
effectiveness as the underlying technology is similar and risks associated with these differences
are mitigated with similar general and special controls.


7.    Performance Data

Safety and performance of the RadioLens v1.0 has been evaluated and verified in accordance with
software specifications and applicable performance standards through software verification and
validation testing. Additionally, the software validation activities were performed in accordance
with ANSI AAMI IEC 62304:2006/A1:2016  - Medical device software – Software life cycle
processes, in addition to the FDA Guidance documents, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket
Submissions  for  Software  Contained  in  Medical  Devices” and “Content  of Premarket
Submission for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices.”

A multi-reader multi-center (MRMC) retrospective study was carried out in the United States
involving a sample size of 600 de-identified stress x-rays  ( 300 cervical and 300 lumbar)
collected from over 200 institutions where each case has flexion, extension, and neutral positions
of the spine. The data collected for clinical assessment was independent from the data used for
training. Three (3) expert radiologists analyzed each case with and without the SpindleX module
and sensitivity, specificity, and/or agreement was used to compare performance. The following
outline the results of the assessment:

●  For identification of body part among cervical and lumbar scans, the model had 100%
     sensitivity for the scans used in the validation study. This was against a target sensitivity
    of 95%.

●  For identification of patient position among flexion, extension and neutral the model had
    96.8%, 92.0%, and 90.5% sensitivities respectively. This was against a target sensitivity
    of 90% in each category.

●  For prediction of measurements by the model, the pass criterion was for the combined
   ICC scores of the model with 3 expert radiologists needed to be as good as ICC scores
   among those radiologists alone. In the validation exercise, we observed that model
    agreement was equivalent to agreement that radiologists had among themselves.

    For this purpose, ICC scores were categorized as follows:

         1.   < 0.5 - Poor
         2.    0.5 - 0.75 - Moderate
         3.    0.75 - 0.9 - Good
         4.   > 0.9 - Excellent

   The following tables capture the aided versus unaided agreement:


                           CERVICAL

      Measurement for pathology              Radiologists ICC       Rads & Model ICC

Stress Lines (degrees)                                0.957 (E)                 0.953 (E)

Canal Diameter (mm)                                0.950 (E)                 0.955 (E)

Vertebral Offset Neutral (mm)                        0.698 (M)                0.707 (M)

Angular MSI (degrees)                               0.769 (G)                 0.781 (G)

Translational Motion 5th Edition (mm)                0.712 (M)                0.717 (M)

Translational Motion 6th Edition - Flexion             0.793 (G)                 0.802 (G)
(mm)

Translational Motion 6th Edition - Extension           0.707 (M)                0.716 (M)
(mm)


                         LUMBAR

      Measurement for pathology              Radiologists ICC       Rads & Model ICC

Stress Lines (degrees)                                0.979 (E)                 0.968 (E)

LUMBAR

         Measurement for pathology              Radiologists ICC       Rads & Model ICC

   Canal Diameter (mm)                                0.826 (G)                 0.784 (G)

   Ferguson’s Angle (degrees)                           0.968 (E)                 0.939 (E)

    Integrity of 3rd Lumbar Vertebra (mm)                 0.997 (E)                 0.996 (E)

   Vertebral Offset Neutral (mm)                        0.820 (G)                 0.777 (G)

   Angular MSI (degrees)                               0.792 (G)                 0.771 (G)

   Translational Motion 5th Edition (mm)                0.710 (M)                0.656 (M)

   Translational Motion 6th Edition - Flexion             0.809 (G)                 0.774 (G)
  (mm)

   Translational Motion 6th Edition - Extension           0.823 (G)                 0.769 (G)
  (mm)

             Rater Agreement Legend: P - Poor, M - Moderate, G - Good, E - Excellent


8.    Conclusion

Based on the information submitted in this premarket notification, and based on the indications
for use, technological characteristics and performance testing, the RadioLens v1.0 raises no new
questions of safety and effectiveness and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in
terms of safety and effectiveness.