Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
℅ Clayton Ginn                                              August 19, 2022
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
810 Innovation Drive
KNOXVILLE TN 37932

Re: K222172
    Trade/Device Name: MI View&GO
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: July 21, 2022
    Received: July 21, 2022

Dear Clayton Ginn:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K222172 - Clayton Ginn                                                               Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,

                             Julie Sullivan -S

                                                    Julie Sullivan, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K222172
Device Name
MI View&GO
Indications for Use (Describe)
MI View&GO is a medical diagnostic application for viewing, manipulation, quantification, analysis and comparison of
medical images with one or more time-points. MI View&GO supports functional data, such as positron emission
tomography (PET) or nuclear medicine (NM), as well as anatomical datasets, such as computed tomography (CT) or
magnetic resonance (MR).
MI View&GO is intended to be utilized by appropriately trained health care professionals to aid in the management of
diseases associated with oncology, cardiology, neurology, and organ function. The images and results produced by MI
View&GO can also be used by the physician to aid in radiotherapy treatment planning.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (_] Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF
0027

Special 510(k): MI View&GO


                         510(k) Summary
                       as required by 21 CFR Part 807.87(h)

Identification of the Submitter

                         Primary Contact:                Alternate Contact:
                          Clayton Ginn                   Brian WuiSubmitter:                          Regulatory Affairs              Regulatory Affairs
                           Professional                    Professional
                      Siemens Medical Solutions     Siemens Medical Solutions
                     USA, Inc.                  USA, Inc.
                      810 Innovation Drive          810 Innovation Drive
                             Knoxville, TN 37932             Knoxville, TN 37932

Telephone Number:        (865) 898-2692                 (865) 367-4337

                      Siemens Medical Solutions USA, IncName / Address of                          Molecular ImagingManufacturer                      2501 N. Barrington Road
                       Hoffman Estates, IL 60192
                  USA


Date of Submission:        July 21st, 2022

Identification of the product

Device Proprietary Name:    MI View&GO VA20A

Common Name:            Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
                            Medical Image Management and Processing System per 21Classification Name:                    CFR 892.2050

Product Code:            QIH

Classification Panel:         Radiology

Device Class:               Class II

Special 510(k): MI View&GO


Primary Predicate Device

Device Proprietary Name:    MI View&GO VA10A

Common Name:           Image Processing Software
                               Picture Archiving and Communication System per 21 CFRClassification Name:                          892.2050

Product Code:             LLZ

Classification Panel:         Radiology

Device Class:               Class II

Manufacturer:             Siemens Medical Solutions
                       USA, inc.

510(k) Number:            K201202 (June 2020)


Reference Predicate Device

Device Proprietary Name:     syngo.via MI Workflows VB60A

Common Name:            Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
                            Medical Image Management and Processing System per 21Classification Name:                    CFR 892.2050

Product Code:              QIH, LLZ

Classification Panel:         Radiology

Device Class:               Class II

Manufacturer:             Siemens Medical Solutions
                       USA, Inc.

510(k) Number:            K211459 (July 2021)


MI View&GO VA10A is deemed the primary predicate device due to it being the most similar
to the device under review of this submission with respect to indications for use and
technical  characteristics.  syngo.via MI Workflows VB60A  is  considered a  reference
predicate device because MI View&GO has integrated technical characteristics  initially
cleared within this device.

Special 510(k): MI View&GO


Device Description
MI View&GO is a software-only medical device which will be delivered in conjunction with
Siemens SPECT/CT and PET/CT scanners. MI View&GO software provides additional
specific capabilities for handling of PET and SPECT as well as CT and MR data directly at
the acquisition console.
The MI View&GO software integrates molecular imaging more efficiently in the clinical
environment by providing an interface for its users to review, post-process and read medical
images immediately after acquisition. The purpose of the MI View&GO  is to allow the
technologist and reading physician to:
          •   Review acquired and reconstructed images at the scanner console
          •   Determine that the acquired data is of sufficient quality for reading, so the
               patient can be released.
          •   Prepare images for reading
          •   Perform a basic read


Modifications
The modification to the MI View&GO software that is the subject of this 510(k) Premarket
Notification is the addition of the following features:

    •  Auto Lung 3D
    •  Gaussian Filter
    •  FAST Ranges Enhancements
    •  Automatic Layout Enhancements
    •  Open Apps
    •  Shared Software Component Tools and CT Plugins
      o  Tools Export Tool
      o  TimeCurve
      o  Segmentation Tools
      o  Synchronization Group Configuration
      o  Oncology Extension Plugin
      o  Interactive Spectral Imaging Plugin
      o  Sim&GO Plugin
    •  Layout and User Interface Improvements:
      o  4D Support in All Layouts Including Volume Stripe
      o  Dual Monitor Widescreen Layouts for Satellite Console
      o  Gated Data Display
      o  Customize Image Text in Volume Stripe
      o  Default Windowing Updates
      o  Remove Images from a MIP or VRT segment
      o  Remove Blank Segments from Volume Stripe Layout
    •  Minor Usability Improvements:
      o  Update to Organ Processing Tooltips
      o  Default Presets and preservation upon upgrade

Special 510(k): MI View&GO


Technological Characteristics
The MI View&GO software modifications are based on the commercially available MI
View&GO VA10A software (K201202) and syngo.via MI Workflows VB60A (K211459). The
features introduced in MI View&GO VA20A do not alter the already existent technological
characteristics within the commercially available predicate system.

Intended Use
An individual software program, or group of programs, routines, or algorithms that add
specific image processing and/or analysis capabilities to a positron emission tomography
(PET) and Single Photon Emission Computed Tomography (SPECT) imaging system
configuration. A basic set of application programs and routines is included with such
computer controlled imaging systems and they can be upgraded to correct programming
errors or to add new system capabilities. Some application software routines or groups of
routines (packages) must be combined with specific hardware or firmware accessories or
configurations in order to function as intended. Application program packages are typically
identified by a proprietary name and “version” or “upgrade” number.

The intended use for MI View&GO compared to the predicate device has not changed.

Indications for Use
MI View&GO is a medical diagnostic application for viewing, manipulation, quantification,
analysis and comparison of medical images with one or more time-points. MI View&GO
supports functional data, such as positron emission tomography (PET) or nuclear medicine
(NM), as well as anatomical datasets, such as computed tomography (CT) or magnetic
resonance (MR).

MI View&GO is intended to be utilized by appropriately trained health care professionals to
aid in the management of diseases associated with oncology, cardiology, neurology, and
organ function. The images and results produced by MI View&GO can also be used by the
physician to aid in radiotherapy treatment planning.

The MI View&GO VA20A Indications for Use is the same and, compared to the primary
predicate device, has not changed.

Performance Testing / Safety and Effectiveness
Software Documentation for a Moderate Level of Concern software per FDA’s Guidance
Document “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in
Medical Devices” issued on May 11, 2005 is included as part of this submission.
Verification and Validation activities have been successfully performed on the software
package, including assurance that functions work as designed, performance requirements
and  specifications have been met, and  that  all hazard  mitigations have been  fully
implemented. All testing has met the predetermined acceptance values. Traceability of the

Special 510(k): MI View&GO


requirements specified in the requirement specifications and functional specifications  is
ensured during component integration, software validation and system testing.
Risk Management has been ensured via risk analyses in compliance with ISO 14971 to
identify and provide mitigation to potential hazards beginning early in the design cycle and
continuing throughout the development of the product.  Siemens Medical Solutions, USA
Inc. adheres to recognized and established industry standards for development including EN
ISO 13485 and IEC 62304.
The device labeling contains instructions for use and any necessary cautions and warnings
to provide for safe and effective use of the device.
Cybersecurity information in accordance with FDA Guidance documents issued October 2,
2014, has been provided. The software has specific cybersecurity controls to prevent
unauthorized access, modifications, misuse, or denial of use.  Additionally, controls are
enabled  to prevent the unauthorized use  of information  that  is stored, accessed, or
transferred between the software and external devices.
The device is designed and manufactured in accordance with Quality System Regulations
as outlined in 21 CFR 820.30.

The device meets the following recognized US FDA Consensus Standards:

 FDA         Standard     Version   Content
  Recognition
 Number
  13-79        IEC 62304    2006+A1:  Medical Device Software - Software
                          2015        Life Cycle Processes
  12-300     NEMA        2016        Digital Imaging and Communications in
               Standard PS             Medicine (DICOM)
                 3.1-3.20
  5-125       ISO 14971    2019       Application of Risk Management to
                                         Medical Devices
  5-114       AAMI / ANSI /  2015       Application of usability engineering to
              IEC 62366-1              medical devices
  5-134       ISO 15223-1   2021      Symbols to be used with information to
                                    be supplied by the manufacturer - Part
                                                1: General requirements

Statement Regarding Substantial Equivalence:
There are no differences  in the  Indications  for Use, Intended Use,  or Fundamental
Technological Characteristics of the MI View&GO VA20A software as compared to the
currently commercially available MI View&GO VA10A software (K201202).
Both the current and predicate devices are used for viewing, manipulation, quantification,
analysis, and comparison of medical images with one or more time-points.
Additionally, the new features implemented within this release do not raise any new issues
of safety and effectiveness as compared to the predicate device. Based on this information,

Special 510(k): MI View&GO


as well as the documentation in support of the modifications, it is Siemens’ opinion that the
MI View&GO software—with the modifications outlined in this application—is substantially
equivalent to the predicate device.