Oncospace, Inc.                                                           February 2, 2023
℅ Sigrid Schoepel
Regulatory Affairs
1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100k
BALTIMORE MD 21205


Re: K222803
    Trade/Device Name: Oncospace
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.5050
    Regulation Name: Medical Charged-Particle Radiation Therapy System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MUJ
    Dated: January 4, 2023
    Received: January 5, 2023

Dear Sigrid Schoepel:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K222803 - Sigrid Schoepel                                                             Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                        Lora D.           DigitallyLora D. Weidnersigned by-S
                      Weidner -S  Date:10:53:292023.02.02-05'00'
                                         Lora Weidner, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Radiation Therapy Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging and Radiation
                                           Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K222803

Device Name
Oncospace


Indications for Use (Describe)
Oncospace is used to configure and review radiotherapy treatment plans for a patient with malignant or benign disease in
the prostate, head, and neck regions. It allows for set up of radiotherapy treatment protocols, association of a potential
treatment plan with the protocol(s), submission of a dose prescription and achievable dosimetric goals to a treatment
planning system, and review of the treatment plan. It is intended for use by qualified, trained radiation therapy
professionals (such as medical physicists, oncologists, and dosimetrists). This device is for prescription use by order of a
physician.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Device Name: Oncospace                                                                             510k: K222803


                                 510(k) Summary

   I.  SUBMITTER
Oncospace, Inc.
1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
Baltimore, MD 21205 USA


Phone: 608-335-3176
Email: Sigrid.Schoepel@oncospace.com

Contact Person: Sigrid Schoepel
Date Prepared: 2023 February 1


  II.  DEVICE
Name of Device: Oncospace
Common or Usual Name: System, Planning, Radiation Therapy Treatment
Classification Name: Medical charged-particle radiation therapy system (21 CFR 892.5050)
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: MUJ

 III.  PREDICATE DEVICE
Oncospace, K202284
This predicate device has not been the subject of a recall.


IV.  DEVICE DESCRIPTION
The Oncospace software supports radiation oncologists and medical dosimetrists during radiotherapy
treatment planning. The software includes locked machine learning algorithms. During treatment
planning, the Oncospace software works in conjunction with, and does not replace, a treatment planning
system (TPS).
The Oncospace software is intended to augment the treatment planning process by:
    •   allowing the radiation oncologist to select and customize a treatment planning protocol that
        includes dose prescription (number of fractions, dose per fraction, dose normalization), a delivery
       method (beam type and geometry), and protocol-based dosimetric goals/objectives for treatment
         targets, and organs at risk (OAR);


  oncospace.com                                                                                                                   1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
  info@oncospace.com                                                                                                                                    Baltimore, MD 21205 USA
Oncospace, Baltimore, MD, USA                                                                                           1/7

Device Name: Oncospace                                                                             510k: K222803


    •   predicting dosimetric goals/objectives for OARs based on patient-specific anatomical geometry;
    •   automating the initiation of plan optimization on a TPS by supplying the dose prescription,
        delivery method, protocol-based target objectives, and predicted OAR objectives;
    •   providing a user interface for plan evaluation against protocol-based and predicted goals.
Diagnosis and treatment decisions occur prior to treatment planning and do not involve Oncospace.
Decisions involving Oncospace are restricted to setting of dosimetric goals for use during plan
optimization and plan evaluation. Human judgement continues to be applied in accepting these goals and
updating them as necessary during the iterative beam optimization process. Human judgement is also still
applied as in standard practice during plan quality assessment; the protocol-based OAR goals are used as
the primary means of plan assessment, with the role of the predicted goals being to provide additional
information as to whether dose to an OAR may be able to be further lowered.
When Oncospace is used in conjunction with a TPS, the user retains full control of the TPS, including
finalization of the treatment plan created for the patient. Oncospace also does not interface with the
treatment machines. The risk to patient safety is lower than a TPS since it only informs the treatment plan,
does not allow region of interest editing, does not make treatment decisions, and does not interface
directly with the treatment machine or any record and verify system.
Oncospace’s OAR dose prediction approach, and the use of predictions in end-to-end treatment planning
workflow, has been tested for use with a variety of cancer treatment plans. These included a wide range of
target and OAR geometries, prescriptions and boost strategies (sequential and simultaneous delivery).
Validity has thus been demonstrated for the range of prediction model input features encountered in the
test cases. This range is representative of the diversity of the same feature types (describing target-OAR
proximity, target and OAR shapes, sizes, etc.) encountered across all cancer sites. Given that the same
feature types will be used in OAR dose prediction models trained for all sites, the modeling approach
validated here is not cancer site specific, but rather is designed to predict OAR DVHs based on impactful
features common to all sites. The software is designed to be used in the context of all forms of intensitymodulated photon beam radiotherapy. The planning objectives themselves are intended to be TPSindependent: these are instead dependent on the degree of organ sparing possible given the beam modality
and range of delivery techniques for plans in the database. To facilitate streamlined transmission of
DICOM files and plan parameters Oncospace includes scripts using the treatment planning system’s
scripting language (for example, Pinnacle).

 V.   INDICATIONS FOR USE
Oncospace is used to configure and review radiotherapy treatment plans for a patient with malignant or
benign disease in the prostate, head, and neck regions. It allows for set up of radiotherapy treatment
protocols, association of a potential treatment plan with the protocol(s), submission of a dose prescription
and achievable dosimetric goals to a treatment planning system, and review of the treatment plan. It is
intended for use by qualified, trained radiation therapy professionals (such as medical physicists,
oncologists, and dosimetrists). This device is for prescription use by order of a physician.


  oncospace.com                                                                                                                   1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
  info@oncospace.com                                                                                                                                    Baltimore, MD 21205 USA
Oncospace, Baltimore, MD, USA                                                                                           2/7

Device Name: Oncospace                                                                             510k: K222803


VI.  COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE
     PREDICATE DEVICE
The Oncospace subject device is a software-only medical device that performs the same functions in the
Oncospace predicate device. The following differences exist between the subject and predicate devices:
    •  The machine-learning algorithm has been generalized to allow training, modeling, and testing of
        dosimetric predictions for treatment target/organ-at-risk geometries and a head and neck model
       has been developed and added to the subject device.
    •  The plan-matching method (a non-ML based method for dosimetric predictions) that was in place
        in the predicate device for head & neck, thoracic, and pancreas geometries has been removed.
Note: The predicate device and subject device algorithms, and any future algorithm updates, are locked
prior to clinical use.
 Element          Subject                       Predicate                    Conclusion
 Device Name     Oncospace                   Oncospace                       Identical
 510(k) Owner    Oncospace, Inc.               Oncospace, Inc.
 510(k) Number   K222803                  K202284
 Product Code   MUJ                 MUJ                             Identical
 Product Name    System, Planning, Radiation    System, Planning, Radiation     Identical
                  Therapy Treatment            Therapy Treatment
 Intended Use     Oncospace is used to          Oncospace is used to         Removed
                    configure and review            configure and review            thoracic and
                    radiotherapy treatment plans     radiotherapy treatment plans     pancreas since
                      for a patient with malignant or   for a patient with malignant or   plan-matching
                   benign disease in the prostate,   benign disease in the prostate,   methodology
                    head, and neck regions. It        thoracic, pancreas, or head &   was removed.
                    allows for set up of            neck regions. It allows for set                                                                                           Prostate, head,                    radiotherapy treatment         up of radiotherapy treatment                                                                         and neck use the                     protocols, association of a        protocols, association of a                                               ML models.                      potential treatment plan with     potential treatment plan with
                     the protocol(s), submission of    the protocol(s), submission of
                   a dose prescription and         a dose prescription and
                    achievable dosimetric goals to   achievable dosimetric goals to
                   a treatment planning system,    a treatment planning system,
                  and review of the treatment     and review of the treatment
                     plan. It is intended for use by    plan. It is intended for use by
                      qualified, trained radiation       qualified, trained radiation
                    therapy professionals (such as   therapy professionals (such as
                   medical physicists,             medical physicists,
                     oncologists, and dosimetrists).   oncologists, and dosimetrists).


  oncospace.com                                                                                                                   1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
  info@oncospace.com                                                                                                                                    Baltimore, MD 21205 USA
Oncospace, Baltimore, MD, USA                                                                                           3/7

Device Name: Oncospace                                                                             510k: K222803


 Element          Subject                       Predicate                    Conclusion
                   This device is for prescription   This device is for prescription
                   use by order of a physician.     use by order of a physician.
 Operating       Windows/Web-browser        Windows/Web-browser          Identical
 System
 Platform          Client-Server (Clinic-provided   Client-Server (Clinic-provided   Identical
                       client machines, cloud            client machines, cloud
                Windows servers controlled    Windows servers controlled
                 by Oncospace)               by Oncospace)
 DICOM-RT     Yes                       Yes                              Identical
 Compliant
 Full Treatment  No                    No                               Identical
 Planning
 System
 Connected to or  No                    No                               Identical
 Controlling of
 Radiation
 Delivery
 Devices
 Typical Users     Medical professionals,         Medical professionals,           Identical
                    including but not limited to,     including but not limited to,
                     radiation oncologists, medical    radiation oncologists, medical
                      physicists or physicians.         physicists or physicians.
 Patient           There are no demographic,      There are no demographic,       Identical
 Population        regional, or cultural limitations   regional, or cultural limitations
                      for patients. It is up to the user   for patients. It is up to the user
                      to determine if the system can    to determine if the system can
                  be used for a patient.           be used for a patient.
 Environment    The system can be used in a    The system can be used in a      Identical
                     hospital environment or in a     hospital environment or in a
                     doctor’s office.                  doctor’s office.
 JPEG image     Yes                       Yes                              Identical
 support
 Import           Yes. Import existing plans      Yes. Import existing plans       Identical
 Treatment       from third-party systems to     from third-party systems to
 Plans           compare dose objectives       compare dose objectives
                     against templates.               against templates.


  oncospace.com                                                                                                                   1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
  info@oncospace.com                                                                                                                                    Baltimore, MD 21205 USA
Oncospace, Baltimore, MD, USA                                                                                           4/7

Device Name: Oncospace                                                                             510k: K222803


 Element          Subject                       Predicate                    Conclusion
 “Template”      Yes. Factory-default plans      Yes. Factory-default plans       Identical
 Treatment        with dose goals exist and users  with dose goals exist and users
 Plans            can configure a dose template.   can configure a dose template.
 Automatic        Yes. Regions of interest are     Yes. Regions of interest are      Identical
 Initial Tumor    matched as the study is opened  matched as the study is opened
 Selection           in the device. Users can adjust   in the device. Users can adjust
                    or match to more available      or match to more available
                    regions of interest.              regions of interest.
 Dose Objective   Yes. Comparison can be done   Yes. Comparison can be done    Identical
 Comparison      between more than one         between more than one
                     selected treatment plan. Dose    selected treatment plan. Dose
                         is based on calculated dose        is based on calculated dose
                  and curated, gold-standard      and curated, gold-standard
                    treatment plans.                 treatment plans.
 Image Viewer    Yes. Display, pan, zoom,       Yes. Display, pan, zoom,         Identical
 Capabilities        scroll, windowing, viewport      scroll, windowing, viewport
                      layout.                           layout.
 Calculate and    Yes                       Yes                              Identical
 Display Isodose
 Lines
 Calculate and    Yes                       Yes                              Identical
 Display Dose
 Volume
 Histograms
 Compare Dose   Yes                       Yes                              Identical
 from Multiple
 Plans
 Dose           Yes                       Yes                              Identical
 Summation/
 TreatmentOver-Time
 Data
 Plan Review      Yes. Contains features for       Yes. Contains features for        Identical
                   review of isodose lines, review  review of isodose lines, review
                    of DVHs, dose comparison      of DVHs, dose comparison
                  and dose summation.          and dose summation.


  oncospace.com                                                                                                                   1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
  info@oncospace.com                                                                                                                                    Baltimore, MD 21205 USA
Oncospace, Baltimore, MD, USA                                                                                           5/7

Device Name: Oncospace                                                                             510k: K222803


 Element          Subject                       Predicate                    Conclusion
 Export Plan      Yes. Can export the selected    Yes. Can export the selected     Identical
 Information      plan for review and setup by a   plan for review and setup by a
                      dosimetrist.                      dosimetrist.


                  Oncospace does not export a    Oncospace does not export a
                        final plan, it will not export to    final plan, it will not export to
                   a record-and-verify system.     a record-and-verify system.


VII.  PERFORMANCE DATA
The following verification and validation testing results (performance data) are provided in support of the
substantial equivalence determination. Since this is a software-only medical device that does not control
other devices the performance data do not include biocompatibility, electrical safety, electromagnetic
compatibility, mechanical, acoustic, or animal testing.
The verifications tests met all system requirements and acceptance criteria which address clinical,
standard user interface, and cybersecurity requirements for the Oncospace device.
The validation testing was performed using retrospective clinical data. The Oncospace device’s purpose is
to reduce the number of iterations necessary to achieve a clinically viable and deliverable radiation
treatment plan. A validation trial was designed to demonstrate non-inferiority of mean organ-at-risk
(OAR) dose sparing, an indicator of plan quality. This comparison of OAR sparing is only valid if target
coverage is maintained, so this comparison was also made. Alongside these dosimetric comparisons,
comparison of number of plan optimization iterations required to arrive at a clinically acceptable plan was
carried out as a measure of any gain in planning efficiency. Sample sizes were determined by estimating
variance in mean OAR dose so that the trial would have 80% power at a significance level of 0.05 and a
non-inferiority margin of 10 Gy.
A heterogenous retrospective set of traditionally planned radiation treatment plans for prostate (n=13, 10
different prescriptions) and head & neck (n=19, 12 different prescriptions) cancers was used for
validation. Mean doses were compared for 7 OARs for prostate and 27 OARs for head & neck.
    •   Prostate OARs for clinical performance testing: bladder, left and right femur, rectum, sigmoid
        colon, penile bulb, and bowel bag. For the prostate performance 1336 treatment plans were used
         for model development and internal validation (split 80/20), 13 plans were used for clinical
       performance testing.
    •  Head and Neck OARs for clinical performance testing: brain, brainstem, spinal cord, left and
         right cranial nerve VIII (acoustic nerve) , left and right parotid glands , left and right eyes, left
       and right lens , left and right optic nerve, optic chiasm, oral cavity, soft palate, glottis,
        cricopharyngeus, esophagus, sublingual gland, mandible bone, left and right submandibular
        glands, left and right cochlea, thyroid gland, and pharyngeal constrictor muscle(s). For the head


  oncospace.com                                                                                                                   1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
  info@oncospace.com                                                                                                                                    Baltimore, MD 21205 USA
Oncospace, Baltimore, MD, USA                                                                                           6/7

Device Name: Oncospace                                                                             510k: K222803


        and neck performance 796 treatment plans were used for model development and internal
         validation (split 80/20), 19 plans were used for clinical performance testing.
 The Oncospace plan mean dose was statistically significantly lower for 2 OARs for prostate and 1 OAR
 for head & neck, and there were no statistically significant differences in mean dose for any of the
 remaining 5 OARs for prostate and 26 OARs for head & neck. The trial demonstrated non-inferiority of
 mean OAR dose to 5 Gy for prostate and 8 Gy for head & neck. There was no statistically significant
 difference in target coverage between clinical plans and plans created with use of the Oncospace system.
 Out of all the plans tested, no plan required more optimization iterations using Oncospace versus using
 traditional radiation treatment planning clinical workflow, and the average number of iterations was
 reduced by 77% using Oncospace.

 Conclusion

 Verification and validation (including performance testing) was conducted in accordance with FDA
 guidance recommendations to confirm the device design met all specifications, user needs, and was
 acceptable to qualified clinical users. Oncospace has passed all the tests and the provided testing results
 demonstrate safety and effectiveness as compared to the predicate device. It is therefore concluded that
 Oncospace is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

VIII.  CONCLUSIONS
 The subject Oncospace device is similar in intended use and functionality to the predicate Oncospace
 device. Oncospace has the same technological characteristics and features as the previously cleared
 device and does not raise new questions of safety or efficacy compared to the predicate device as
 demonstrated through the system design and testing.
 Non-clinical and clinical verification, validation, and performance testing was conducted to confirm the
 device design met user needs and specifications and was acceptable to qualified clinical and non-clinical
 users. Oncospace has passed the verification and validation tests and provided clinical performance
 testing results with a library clinical dataset in order to demonstrate safety or effectiveness as compared to
 the predicate device. It is therefore concluded that the subject Oncospace device is substantially
 equivalent to the predicate Oncospace device.


    oncospace.com                                                                                                                   1812 Ashland Ave., Suite 100K
    info@oncospace.com                                                                                                                                    Baltimore, MD 21205 USA
 Oncospace, Baltimore, MD, USA                                                                                           7/7