RaySearch Laboratories AB (publ)                                    March 29, 2023
℅ David Hedfors
Quality and Regulatory Affairs Director
Eugeniavagen 18
Stockholm, 113 68
SWEDEN

Re: K222312
    Trade/Device Name: RayStation 12A
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.5050
    Regulation Name: Medical Charged-Particle Radiation Therapy System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MUJ
    Dated: July 26, 2022
    Received: August 1, 2022

Dear David Hedfors:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K222312 - David Hedfors                                                              Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                         Lora D.             DigitallyD. Weidnersigned-S  by Lora
                      Weidner -S    Date:10:20:552023.03.29-04'00'
                                         Lora D. Weidner, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Radiation Therapy Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                          and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K222312

Device Name
RayStation 12A


Indications for Use (Describe)

RayStation is a software system for radiation therapy and medical oncology. Based on user input, RayStation proposes
treatment plans. After a proposed treatment plan is reviewed and approved by authorized intended users, RayStation may
also be used to administer treatments.

The system functionality can be configured based on user needs.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K222312


1.  510(k) Summary
1.1   510(k) owner
       RaySearch Laboratories AB (publ)
        Eugeniavägen 18
       113 68 Stockholm
       Sweden

         Tel:    +46 8 510 530 00
1.2   Contact person
       David Hedfors
        Quality and Regulatory Affairs Director
       RaySearch Laboratories AB (publ)
        Email:  quality@raysearchlabs.com
         Tel:    +46 722 366 110
1.3   Preparation date
       March 28th, 2023.
1.4   Trade name
       The trade name is RayStation.

       The marketing name is RayStation 12A and RayPlan 12A.
1.5  Common name
        Radiation therapy treatment planning system
1.6    Classification name
        Medical charged-particle radiation therapy system (21 CFR 892.5050, Product Code MUJ)
1.7   Predicate device
       K220141        RayStation 11B
1.8   Device description
        RayStation is a treatment planning system for planning, analysis and administration of radiation therapy
       and medical oncology treatment plans. The device lets the user import patient images and data, identify
         treatment targets and organs at risk, create an optimal treatment plan taking into account patient anatomy,
         prescribe treatment dose and organ at risk sensitivity, review and approve the plan and then administer the
         treatment. A scientific basis for the device is the implementation of peer reviewed algorithms of plan
        parameter optimization and photon and particle dose calculation.

        RayStation consists of multiple applications:
                •      The main RayStation application is used for treatment planning.
                •      The RayPhysics application is used for commissioning of treatment machines to make
                      them available for treatment planning and used for commissioning of imaging systems.
                •      The RayTreat application is used for sending plans to treatment delivery devices for
                          treatment and receiving records of performed treatments.

        These applications are built on a software platform, containing the radiotherapy domain model and
        providing GUI, optimization, dose calculation and storage services. The platform uses three Microsoft SQL
        databases for persistent storage of the patient, machine and clinic settings data.

       The RayStation application is divided in modules, which are activated through licensing. A simplified
         license configuration of RayStation is marketed as RayPlan. RayPlan has a limited set of modules,
         indicated in the following table.


                                                                                      Page 1 of 11

K222312


        Planning activity              Module                           Available in
                                                                 RayPlan
        Automated planning               Plan explorer                 No

                                      Automated breast planning        No

                                           Fallback planning              No

                                           Fallback protocol management     No

         Patient data management            Patient data management           Yes

         Patient modeling                Image registration                Yes

                                              Structure definition               Yes

                                       Deformable registration          No

                                    Eye modeling                No

        Plan design                         Virtual simulation                Yes

                                          Plan setup                      Yes

                                3D-CRT beam design             Yes

                                            Electron beam design             Yes

                                          Proton beam design             No

                                       Brachy planning                 Yes

        Plan optimization                  Plan optimization                 Yes

                                          Multi criteria optimization        No

        Plan evaluation                    Plan evaluation                  Yes

                                       Robust evaluation              No

                                             Biological evaluation            No

     QA preparation            QA preparation                  Yes

        Treatment adaptation            Dose tracking                No

                                         Adaptive replanning            No
         In each planning activity the user can perform some operations that are considered to form a basic task or
        planning activity in oncology. Together, the planning activities cover a complete treatment planning use
         case. Each planning activity consists of one or more modules; each corresponding to a coherent group of
          functionalities. A module may include one or several workspaces, where each workspace holds an
        optimized layout of regions populated with GUI components that are needed to get through the use case of
         the module.

       The device to be marketed, RayStation 12A, contains modified features compared to version RayStation
      11B as indicated below:
                •       Support for eye planning with wedges

               o  A wedge can be used to improve the conformity of dose distribution and spare risk
                          organs. The wedge is not patient specific, meaning that the user must choose a wedge
                      from a predefined set of wedges for the treatment machine. Each wedge in the machine
                      model is associated with an identifying name, a physical opening angle, and a material.
                •       Automatic field in field planning


                                                                                      Page 2 of 11

K222312


               o  A uniform dose can be achieved on a selected target using automatically generated 3DCRT fields/segments. Starting from a number of beams (usually 2 or 3) and an initial
                       segment for each beam the action sequentially adds a given number of segments to each
                      beam, choosing apertures and segment weights so that the final dose is approximately
                       uniform on the target. The apertures of the inner segments always have openings that are
                          subsets of the openings of the respective initial segments.
                •       Brachy therapy support for Elekta Flexitron® afterloaders

               o  The connectivity to the Elekta Flexitron® afterloader is validated for the brachy planning
                            in RayStation using the TG43 formalism.
                •       Electron Monte Carlo dose engine update

               o  The previously used plug-in for in-patient transport for the electron Monte Carlo dose
                        engine (VMC++) was replaced by a fully integrated electron Monte Carlo dose engine.
                          In the development of the new dose engine, improvements have been made to increase
                           the accuracy for small cutout sizes.
1.9   Indications for Use
        RayStation is a software system for radiation therapy and medical oncology. Based on user input,
        RayStation proposes treatment plans. After a proposed treatment plan is reviewed and approved by
         authorized intended users, RayStation may also be used to administer treatments.

       The system functionality can be configured based on user needs.
1.10   Technological characteristics summary
       The following comparison table summarized the technological characteristics. In the table below,
        RayStation 12A is compared to the predicate device RayStation 11B.

 Item             Compared to         Comment
                    RayStation 11B
 Hardware platform    Substantially Equivalent   Both systems use standard office PCs as hardware platform.

 Operating system     Substantially Equivalent   Both systems use Windows 10 Professional (or higher) and
                                       Windows Server 2012 R2 (or higher).

 Target population     Substantially Equivalent   RayStation 11B and RayStation 12A are intended for the
                                         same target population and anatomical sites; persons that
 Anatomical sites      Substantially Equivalent   have been prescribed an external beam radiation therapy or
                                               medical oncology treatment.

 Human factors        Substantially Equivalent    In terms of human factors, the systems are considered
                                                    equivalent. The user interfaces are almost identical.

 Standards met         Substantially Equivalent   Both systems comply with the following FDA-recognized
                                               consensus standards: IEC 61217:2011, IEC 62083, IEC
                                              62304:2015, IEC 62366-1:2015, ISO 14971:2019 and with
                                       IEC 60601-2-68:2014 standard.

 Image types           Substantially Equivalent   RayStation 11B and RayStation 12A both support CT, PET
                                            and MR images for identifying patient organs and contouring.

 Reporting aspects     Substantially Equivalent   When evaluating and approving treatment plans, all necessary
                                                   data is presented to the user and available in print in both
                                                  systems.

 Image storing         Substantially Equivalent   None of the systems is intended for long term storage of
                                             images or other patient data.

 Network / remote     Substantially Equivalent   Both systems are capable of network transfer of patient data
 connections and                                 using the DICOM protocol. RayStation 12A and RayStation
 capabilities                             11B are designed for desktop use and for remote access using
                                                  standard virtualization techniques. Remote connection to the
                                              system is verified in detail and equivalent to local connection.

                                                                                      Page 3 of 11

K222312


 Cybersecurity         Substantially Equivalent   Both systems are compliant with the requirements listed in
                                                    the FDA guideline 1825 “Content of Premarket Submissions
                                                      for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices”.


         Detailed technology comparison table:

  Feature          Description                              Present in     Present in     Significantly
                                                         RayStation    RayStation   changed?
                                                 11B        12A
                                                       (K220141)

 3D               Displays the patient geometry and         Yes          Yes        No
  visualization       structures in three dimensions, with the
                       possibility to rotate the patient image. If
                      available, the dose distribution and beam
                    modifiers are shown as well.

  Adaptive        The process of replanning the treatment     Yes          Yes        No
  replanning         for a patient, based on information about
                        e.g. patient geometry, biology and dose
                     delivery acquired during treatment.

 Beam           Modeling of the radiation beam using a     Yes          Yes        No
  commissioning    limited set of measurements on the clinical
                beam for commissioning treatment
                  machines to make them available for
                    treatment planning.

 Beam design      Definition of beam orientations, apertures    Yes          Yes        No
                  and various beam modifiers in order to
                  manually create a treatment plan.

 Beam set-up     Manual or automatic definition of          Yes          Yes           Yes, new
                      isocenter, selection of treatment unit from                                     functionality
                     the set of commissioned treatment                                      Automatic
                   machines, and specification of                                               Field in Field
                    gantry/couch/collimator angles.                                           planning was
                                                                                           added.

  Beam’s eye       Displays the beam’s eye view of the        Yes          Yes        No
  view               patient structures, fluence and beam
                    modifier settings for any beam.

  Brachy           Tools for planning of HDR brachytherapy   Yes          Yes           Yes. Now
  planning          treatments. Includes channel                                               supports
                     reconstruction and optimization and                                        Elekta
                      editing of dwell times.                                                       Flexitron
                                                                                                        afterloaders.

  CyberKnife      CyberKnife planning is completely         Yes          Yes        No
  planning          integrated in RayStation. This includes
                    optimization of high quality treatment
                    plans collimated with MLC, fixed cones
                    or iris cones, as well as support for all
                  CyberKnife Synchrony techniques for
                      target tracking and real time motion
                     synchronization.

  Deformable       Establishing a point-to-point mapping      Yes          Yes        No
  registration       between two images using a deformation
                   model. Used for mapping of dose and
                      structures between images.

                                                                                      Page 4 of 11

K222312


 DICOM RT      Export of images, structure set, plan, and    Yes          Yes        No
  export           dose according to the DICOM RT
                     standard.

 DICOM RT      Import of images, structure set, plan, and    Yes          Yes        No
  import           dose according to the DICOM RT
                     standard.

  Dose            For electron beams RayStation calculates    Yes          Yes         Yes
  calculation       dose by the Monte Carlo technique. The
  electrons          electron beam phase space is generated in
                   run time by sampling from a phase space
                 model where the electrons are created at
                     the secondary scattering foil. Both the
                     electron transport through the treatment
                  head and the in-patient dose computation
                          is performed using the Monte Carlo
                     algorithm.

                    In versions prior to RayStation 11A, the
                      transport through the treatment head has
                  been handled by a Monte Carlo algorithm
                   developed by RaySearch, while the inpatient transport and dose computation has
                  been the responsibility of the plug-in dose
                   engine VMC++. In RayStation 12A, the
             VMC++ dose engine has been exchanged
                   with an in-patient Monte Carlo transport
                  and dose scoring algorithm fully
                   developed by RaySearch. Additionally,
                some minor improvements have been
                made to the treatment head transport, but
                        this part is essentially the same as in
                   RayStation 11B.

                  There are substantial similarities between
                     the replaced VMC++ code and the
                EGSnrc code and these two Monte Carlo
                   dose engines agrees on sub-percent level
                       [1][2]. The dose engine developed by
                  RaySearch is similar to the EGSnrc, as has
                  been described in references 11, 12, 17, 24
                  and 108 in the 008 RSL-D-RS-12A-REFEN-1.0-2022-06-23 RayStation 12A
                   Reference Manual. Therefore, we
                   conclude that the electron dose engine
                   used in RayStation 12A (fully developed
                 by RaySearch) is substantially equivalent
                      to the electron dose engine used in
                   RayStation 11B (in-patient dose
                   computation handled by VMC++).


                                                                                      Page 5 of 11

K222312


                The supporting testing confirms
                    equivalence between the RayStation 11B
                  and RayStation 12A dose engines.
                   Regression tests performed during the
                     electron dose engine validation between
                     the two versions are within tolerance
                       limits which shows a similar level of
                   accuracy between the two dose engines.
                  Acceptance criteria for comparison with
                    previous RayStation dose: The calculated
                   doses shall fail for less than 2% of the data
                     points for gamma 2%/2mm.

                    References:

                      [1] Kawrakow I and Fippel M, "VMC++,
                   a MC algorithm optimized for electron
                  and photon beam dose calculations for
                 RTP," Proceedings of the 22nd Annual
                      International Conference of the IEEE
                   Engineering in Medicine and Biology
                    Society (Cat. No.00CH37143), Chicago,
                     IL, USA, 2000, pp. 1490-1493 vol.2, doi:
                  10.1109/IEMBS.2000.898024.

                      [2] Kawrakow I, Fippel M, Friedrich K.
              3D electron dose calculation using a
                 Voxel based Monte Carlo algorithm
                (VMC). Med Phys. 1996 Apr;23(4):445-
                    57. doi: 10.1118/1.597673. PMID:
                  9157256.

  Dose            For photon beams RayStation calculates    Yes          Yes        No
  calculation       dose by the point kernel superposition
  photons         method (a.k.a. Collapsed Cone) or a
                Monte Carlo algorithm for radiation
                      transport. The incident energy fluence is
                 modeled as a superposition of a primary
                   energy fluence and a scatter energy
                     fluence. The dose contribution from
                   contamination electrons is calculated by a
                     pencil beam algorithm.

  Dose            For proton beams RayStation uses either    Yes          Yes        No
  calculation        the pencil beam algorithm with the Fermiproton          Eyges formalism, or a Monte Carlo
                    algorithm for radiation transport. For
                    passive beams the beam model accounts
                      for the collimator and compensator block.
                  For scanning beams the beam model
                   accounts for the spot phase space
                    including effects of air-scatter and beam
                    paths through magnetic deflection
                    elements. The user defined block aperture
                          is taken into account in spot selection and
                     optimization. In addition to this the
                       relative biological effect (RBE) of proton
                 beams is taken into account, resulting in a
                  photon equivalent dose.


                                                                                      Page 6 of 11

K222312


  Dose            For brachy plans RayStation calculates      Yes          Yes        No
  calculation       dose based on the TG43 formalism.
  brachy

  Dose display      Displays the patient geometry with         Yes          Yes        No
  (2D)               structures superimposed on the image data
                     together with the dose distribution in
                      transversal, sagittal, and coronal
                      directions.

  Dose tracking    Dose tracking scenarios including          Yes          Yes        No
                   deformable registration of one CT or
             CBCT to another and subsequent
                   deformation and accumulation of dose.

  Eye planning     Tools for specifying a highly detailed       Yes          Yes           Yes, Now
                    geometrical model of the eye based on                                      supports eye
                  measurements from ultrasound and                                        planning with
                     surgery. Support for positioning of                                      wedges.
                    tantalum clips. Import and visualization of
                   fundus images. Creation and dose
                   computation of proton plans with gaze
                    angle-based treatment directions.

  Fallback         Automatic generation of fallback plans      Yes          Yes        No
  planning          using alternative treatment machines and
                    treatment techniques. User-defined
                     protocols specifies the setup of the
                     fallback plans which are automatically
                    generated from the protocols and
                   optimized using dose mimicking
                     functions.

  Image           Conversion of CBCT images to synthetic    Yes          Yes        No
  conversion     CT images that can be used for more
                    accurate dose calculations.

  Inverse         The user can define optimization settings    Yes          Yes        No
  planning         such as optimization tolerance and
               maximum number of iterations as well as
                   segmentation settings on the multileaf
                     collimator and the Pencil Beam Scanning
                    spot pattern. An interface for controlling
                     the optimization process is provided and
                     the progress of optimization is displayed
                      in a view. The system generates control
                     points for step-and shoot MLC plans,
                     Sliding Window plans (DMLC), rotational
                    plans (VMAT), 3DCRT plans, Wave Arc
                      plans, TomoTherapy plans and proton
                     Pencil Beam Scanning plans, using the
                    defined optimization problem. The inverse
                   planning can be carried out either through
                   a conventional inverse approach or by
                    using multi-criteria optimization (photons
                  and protons only).


                                                                                      Page 7 of 11

K222312


 LET evaluation   Computation and evaluation of dose-       Yes          Yes        No
                   averaged LET (Linear Energy Transfer)
                      for proton plans. LET is an additional
                    physical quantity that can be used to
                     assess the radiobiological effect of the
                    proton radiation.


  Machine          Microsoft SQL database for storage of      Yes          Yes        No
  database        beam model parameters, machine
                      constraints and dose curves with
                    dosimetric data for treatment units.

 MR based        Allowing MR-images as planning images    Yes          Yes        No
  planning         and base dose computation on material
                    override ROIs.

  Optimization     The optimization functions are specified in   Yes          Yes        No
  functions         terms of objectives and constraints to form
                     the optimization problem that is solved by
                     the optimization engine.

  Patient          Manual and semi-automatic segmentation   Yes          Yes        No
  anatomy           tools for contouring ROIs slice by slice
  modeling          together with semi-automated generation
                    of the patient outline ROI.

                The model-based segmentation technique
                    allows for semi-automatic delineation of
                      structures by matching 3D shape models
                    of the structures to new image data.

                 With atlas-based segmentation, the user
                  can define templates consisting of already
                  segmented image data and use this
                    template for segmentation of new patient
                   images.

                 With deep learning segmentation, the user
                  can use trained deep learning models for
                   automatic segmentation of new patient
                   images. (The model training is performed
                      offline on clinical CT and structure data.)

  Patient           Microsoft SQL database for storage of all    Yes          Yes        No
  database           patient and plan data. Not for long term
                      storage.

  Plan Explorer    The system computes a large set of plans    Yes          Yes        No
                   according to given rules and the user is
                   provided with tools to select good plans
                  from these.

  Quality          Tools for transferring the clinical plan to a   Yes          Yes        No
  assurance        phantom and recalculate dose. The output
  preparation         is the dose distribution in DICOM format
                    or a 2D dose plane and a QA report.

                    Predicted EPID response is retrieved by
                  photon dose computation in a specially
                   designed phantom.


                                                                                      Page 8 of 11

K222312


 RBE dose      RBE (Relative Biological Effectiveness)     Yes          Yes        No
  handling         models can be defined and commissioned.
                  For proton treatments, the user can select
                   whether to look at RBE-corrected dose or
                    physical dose. Dose summation is only
                     possible for photon doses and RBEcorrected proton doses.

  Robust           Tools used to answer questions of how the   Yes          Yes        No
  evaluation        dose distribution would appear if the
                      patient setup at the time of treatment does
                    not fully correspond to the planning CT. A
                 model of patient uncertainties such as CT
                    inaccuracy and setup errors is used to
                 compute a set of scenario doses for
                     evaluation.

  Robust           Optimization where a model of patient      Yes          Yes        No
  optimization       uncertainties such as CT inaccuracy, setup
                      errors or organ motion is used during the
                     optimization.

  Scripting          Scripting gives programmatic access to      Yes          Yes        No
                      functionality, excluding user risk
                      mitigations. Through scripting, the clinic
                      specific procedures can be automated. The
                    operating system and other applications
                  can be accessed.

  Supported       HFS, FFS, HFP, FFP                   Yes          Yes        No
  treatment
                   Decubitus left/right                     Yes          Yes        No
  positions
                   Seated position (for ions)                Yes          Yes        No

  System          Hardware based license, preventing        Yes          Yes        No
  integrity tools     unauthorized useable copies to be made.
                Checksum control of binary files to
                    prevent tampering. Data in the patient and
                  machine databases only available for users
                   with administrator rights.

  TomoTherapy    Planning for TomoTherapy machines is     Yes          Yes        No
  planning         completely integrated in RayStation. Also
                    provides tools for selection of targets and
                  imaging angles for the TomoTherapy
                  machine to use for target tracking during
                      delivery.

  Treatment     A general concept where the treatment      Yes          Yes        No
  adaptation        plan is adapted during the course of
                     treatment. Tools available today include
                   deformable dose accumulation, CBCT
                   dose calculation and replanning scenarios.

  Treatment plan   Approval of the preferred treatment plan     Yes          Yes        No
  approval         and referenced ROIs by authorized
                   medical staff. Once a treatment plan is
                   approved, it is locked for any further
                     modification.


                                                                                      Page 9 of 11

K222312


  Treatment plan   Treatment plan creation with specification   Yes          Yes        No
  creation           of plan properties such as number of
                      fractions and delivery technique.

  Treatment plan    Evaluation of a single plan. Comparison     Yes          Yes        No
  evaluation        of dose distributions and DVH curves of
                 two or three plans.

  Treatment      An approved plan can be assigned to       Yes          Yes        No
  delivery           fractions in a treatment course and sent to
                     the treatment delivery device. RayTreat
                      offer treatment room interfaces for patient
                      positioning, imaging and plan delivery.

  Undo/redo and   The undo stack is saved to the database,     Yes          Yes        No
  auto recovery     enabling recovery of RayStation after
                      crash. The user may redo all or selected
                   changes at reopen of patient after crash.

  Virtual           Setup of isocenter, beam arrangements      Yes          Yes        No
  Simulation       and basic aperture design. Export to laser
                   systems for patient marking.


1.11   Assessment of non-clinical performance data
        Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provided as
       recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket
        Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”. The software for this device was considered as a
        “Major” level of concern, since a failure or latent flaw in the software could directly result in serious injury
         or death to the patient.

       Support for eye planning with wedges – Validation of the eye planning feature extended to include
       wedges was performed as part of the dose engine validation for proton ocular treatments. The test cases
        cover line doses in homogeneous phantoms using a square aperture and a wedge mounted with varying
        opening angles and positions. Depth dose curves with ranges and modulations are used in the validation.
      An interval is used for the opening angle of the wedge and for the lateral position of the opening edge of
         the wedge with respect to the central axis. Depth-dose profiles along the central axis were acquired with a
         plane-parallel chamber in a water tank. The accuracy requirements are related to:
            •   The SOBP distal fall-off of the central axis depth dose curve
            •  95% and 98% of the computed depth dose values with Gamma pass rates

       The requirements are met by the data in the validation report. The proton dose computation for proton
         ocular treatments in RayStation 12A has been successfully validated for accuracy in clinically relevant
         settings according to specification.

       Automatic field in field planning - Validation of the new feature for creating field in field plans for e.g.
      3DCRT plans with multiple segments in each beam was performed as part of the overall system validation.

       The requirements are that
            •   For a 3D-CRT plan, the merged beams’ MU shall agree with original beams’ MU.
            •   Merged beams’ segments shall keep original shapes.
            •  MU and segment weights after split are subdivided correctly and that split beams are managed
                  correctly in terms of ordering and ROI handling.

        Testing shows that the segment MUs and shapes agree, beam and segment administration and handling are
         correct and that all beams created by the split beam action have the same Treat and Protect ROIs as the
       beam that was split. These tests demonstrate that RayStation 12A can safely perform field in field
         planning.


                                                                                     Page 10 of 11

K222312


       Brachy Therapy now support Elekta Flexitron® afterloaders – Validation of the HDR brachytherapy
        planning for Elekta Flexitron afterloaders was performed as part of the Dose Engine validation of Brachy
       TG43.

       Computed doses have been compared with reference doses, i.e. from published consensus data sets, from
        measurements or from independent and well-established systems for dose computation. The reference
        doses consist of point doses, line doses, as well as 2D and 3D doses. The reference dose sources are
            •   Published consensus data
            •   Measured doses
            •   Doses computed in two major competing TPS
            •   Doses computed with an independent Monte Carlo software

        RayStation provides support for TG43 dose computation with user specified TG43 parameters for any
         applicable source. Comparison to QA along-away data ensures that the dose engine can accurately
        reproduce the dose for a variety of sources given that the input data is correct. Measurement from EQUALESTRO relates computed dose to delivered dose for a setup with three dwell positions. Comparison to an
        independent and TG43 compliant treatment planning system is used to further validate the correct
         superposition of dose from a large number of dwell positions. Finally, the comparison to an independent
       Monte Carlo system decouples the dependence to the TG43 formalism and provides a fully independent
         validation of a complete treatment plan. The validation demonstrates that the dose computation is adequate
         for clinical use.

        Electron Monte Carlo dose engine update – The electron dose calculation in RayStation supports
      LINACs using the dual foil scattering technique with applicators and cutouts. The dual foil assembly
        shapes the electron beam phase space in the upper part of the treatment head (i.e. towards the vacuum
        window). The applicator and cutout further shape the beam to yield clinically usable lateral flatness and
       penumbras while minimizing radiation leakage outside of the field.

       The electron phase space model in RayStation is designed to model the arrangement sketched above. The
        implementation is parameter driven and thus generic with respect to a typical dual foil, applicator and
         cutout arrangement.

       The validation strategy is to compare doses computed with RayStation 12A to reference doses. The
         different reference doses used are
            •   Measured doses.
            •   Doses computed in a well-established competing TPS.
            •   Doses computed with earlier versions of RayStation.
            •   Doses computed in BEAMnrc/egs++.

        Two different gamma criteria for comparison with another TPS or measurement are evaluated for each
              test case, with specified requirements on level of agreement.

          The fraction of the calculated dose data points for comparison with previous RayStation dose that fail
           has been evaluated, and the fraction of the calculated dose data points for comparison to
         BEAMnrc/egs++ that fail has been evaluated.

         Validation of the new dose engine has been performed which demonstrates that the dose computation is
        adequate for clinical use.

1.11.1    Conclusion
       The non-clinical data support the safety of the device and the software verification and validation
        demonstrate that the RayStation 12A device should perform as intended in the specified use conditions,
       and the performance testing demonstrates that the RayStation 12A device performs comparably to the
         predicate device that is currently marketed for the same intended use.


                                                                                     Page 11 of 11