April 6, 2023
Siemens Medical Solutions U.S.A.
℅ Alexandra Fink
Sr. Manager, Regulatory Affairs
40 Liberty Blvd.
MALVERN PA 19355

Re: K222360
    Trade/Device Name: AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-Ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK, QIH
    Dated: February 17, 2023
    Received: March 7, 2023

Dear Alexandra Fink:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K222360 - Alexandra Fink                                                             Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                 Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Imaging Devices
                                           and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

SIEMENS .-.,
Healthineers °-°
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K222360
Device Name
AI-Rad Compaion (Cardiovascular)
Indications for Use (Describe)
AT-Rad Companion (Cardio is image processing soft that provides quantitative
and qualitative analysis from previously acquired Computed Tomography DICOM images to
support radiologists and physicians from emergency medicine, specialty care, urgent care, and
general practice in the evaluation and assessment of cardiovascular diseases.
[It provides the following functionality:
Segmentation and volume measurement of the heart
Quantification of the total calcium volume in the coronary arteries
Segmentation of the aorta
Measurement of maximum diameters of the aorta at typical landmarks
Threshold-based highlighting of enlarged diameters
he software has been validated for non-cardiac chest CT data with filtered backprojection reconstruction from Siemens
Healthineers, GE Healthcare, Philips, and Toshiba/Canon. Additionally, the calcium detection feature has been validated
on non-cardiac chest CT data with iterative reconstruction from Siemens Healthineers.
Only DICOM images of adult patients are considered to be valid input.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) oO Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW."
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSCPAiing Savion 301) 40.6000 EF
Restricted Al-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k) 4-2

510(k) SUMMARY       K222360
              FOR
   AI-RAD COMPANION (Cardiovascular)
              SW Version VA20

                                    Submitted by:
                         Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
                              40 Liberty Boulevard
                                  Malvern, PA 19355
                            Date Prepared: July, 26th 2022

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance
with the requirements of Safe Medical Devices Act of 1990 and 21 CFR §807.92.


 1. Submitter
Importer/Distributor         Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
                              40 Liberty Boulevard
                                 Malvern, PA 19355
                                Mail Code: 65-1A
                                     Registration Number: 2240869

Manufacturing Site           Siemens Healthcare GmbH
                                  Henkestrasse 127
                                   Erlangen, Germany 91052
                                     Registration Number: 3002808157


2. Contact Person
Alexandra Fink
Senior Manager, Regulatory Affairs
Siemens Healthcare GmbH
Hartmannstrasse 16
Erlangen, Germany 91052
Email: alexandra.fink@siemens-healthineers.com


3. Device Name and Classification
Product Name:                 AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)
Trade Name:                   AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)

AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)                  Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k)                                                                    5-2

Classification Name:             System, X-Ray, Tomography, Computed
Classification Panel:              Radiology
CFR Section:                   21 CFR §892.1750
Secondary CFR Section:         21 CFR §892.2050
Device Class:                     Class II
Product Code:              JAK
Secondary Product Code:       QIH


4. Predicate Device
Product Name:                  AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)
Propriety Trade Name:            AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)
510(k) Number:                K183268
Clearance Date:                  September 10, 2019
Classification Name:              System, X-Ray, Tomography, Computed
Classification Panel:               Radiology
CFR Section:                   21 CFR §892.1750
Secondary CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.2050
Device Class:                      Class II
Primary Product Code:         JAK
Secondary Product Code:        LLZ
Recall Information:            N/A

5. Indications for Use

AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) is image processing software that provides quantitative and
qualitative analysis from previously acquired Computed Tomography DICOM images to support
radiologists and physicians from emergency medicine, specialty care, urgent care, and general
practice in the evaluation and assessment of cardiovascular diseases.

It provides the following functionality:

     -   Segmentation and volume measurement of the heart
     -   Quantification of the total calcium volume in the coronary arteries
     -   Segmentation of the aorta
     -  Measurement of maximum diameters of the aorta at typical landmarks
     -   Threshold-based highlighting of enlarged diameters

The software has been validated for non-cardiac chest CT data with filtered backprojection
reconstruction from Siemens Healthineers, GE Healthcare, Philips, and Toshiba/Canon.
Additionally, the calcium detection feature has been validated on non-cardiac chest CT data with
iterative reconstruction from Siemens Healthineers.

Only DICOM images of adult patients are considered to be valid input.

AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)                  Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k)                                                                    5-3

6. Device Description
AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) SW version VA20 is an enhancement to the previously
cleared device AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) K183268 that utilizes machine and deep
learning algorithms to provide quantitative and qualitative analysis to computed tomography
DICOM images to support qualified clinicians in the evaluation and assessment of
cardiovascular diseases.

As an update to the previously cleared device, the following modifications have been made:

Segmentation of Aorta – Performance Improvement
Although the structure of the underlying neural network has not changed in the subject device of
this submission, the performance was enhanced over the previously cleared device by adding
training data (re-use of existing annotations + 267 additional annotations).

Aorta diameter measurements – Maximum Diameter Ascending, Descending Aorta
In the previously cleared device diameter measurements of the aorta were performed at nine
predefined locations according to the AHA guidelines.
As an enhancement to the previously cleared device and subject of this submission are aorta
diameter measurements at the locations of the maximum diameter of the ascending and the
descending aorta.

Visualization of aorta’s VRT and as cross-sectional MPRs – Maximum Diameter
Ascending, Descending Aorta
In the previously cleared device visualization VRT and cross-sectional MPRs were provided at
nine predefined locations according to the AHA guidelines.
As an enhancement to the previously cleared device, such visualization of the maximum diameter
of the ascending and descending aorta were added to the subject of this submission.

Categorization of diameter measurements – Maximum Diameter Ascending, Descending
Aorta
In the previously cleared device categorization of diameter measurements was performed at
locations according to the AHA guidelines.
With the subject of this submission, the categorization of diameter measurements was extended to
locations of the maximum diameter of the ascending and descending aorta.

Individual Confirmation of Aorta Findings
For the measurements of the aorta, only all the measurements could be accepted or declined in the
predicate device.
Within the scope of this submission the concept of individual accept-, decline-possibility was
introduced to all aorta measurements.


AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)                  Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k)                                                                    5-4

Structured DICOM Report (DICOM TID 1500)
In the predicate device, the system would produce results in form of quantitative, structured and
textual reports and would generate DICOM Secondary Capture images which would be forwarded
to PACS reading and reporting systems.
Within the scope of this submission, the system supports an alternative, digital output format for
the same results. For this purpose, a DICOM Structured Report is generated which is both human
and machine readable and, therefore, will support, e.g., a transfer of the results into the clinical
report more efficiently. The DICOM Structured Report is compliant to the TID1500 format for
applicable content.

Cloud and Edge Deployment
Another enhancement provided within this submission is the support of the existing cloud
deployment in an on-premise deployment known as an edge deployment. The system remains
hosted in the teamplay digital health platform and remains driven by the AI-Rad Companion
Engine; however, with the edge deployment the processing of clinical data and the generation of
results is performed within the customer environment. This system remains fully connected to the
cloud for monitoring and maintenance of the system from a remote setup. At the time of this
submission this feature has been cleared in submission K213706 (AI-Rad Companion Brain MR
VA40) and is unchanged within this subject device.


Figure 1 Illustration of the edge deployment for AI-Rad Companion


AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)                  Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k)                                                                    5-5

7. Technological Characteristics
The comparison between the above referenced predicate device is listed at a high-level in the
following Table 1.


Table 1 Comparison of technological characteristics

     Feature         Subject Device         Predicate Device             Result
                AI-Rad Companion    AI-Rad Companion
                    (Cardiovascular)       (Cardiovascular)
                   VA20               (K183268)
 Modality      CT               CT                        Identical
 Segmentation of  AI-based Heart          AI-based Heart            Identical
 heart            Segmentation           Segmentation

 Detection of     Calcium Detection with  Calcium Detection with   Identical
 coronary         deep learning-based      deep learning-based
 calcium &        algorithm                algorithm
 quantification of
 coronary
 calcium volume
 Visualization of   Color overlay of MPR    Color overlay of MPR    Identical
 heart and of      and VRT with          and VRT with
 calcium           evaluation results         evaluation results


 Detection of     Landmark Detection     Landmark Detection      Identical
 aortic            with deep learning-      with deep learninglandmarks        based algorithms, 9      based algorithms, 9
           AHA positions      AHA positions
 Segmentation of  Aorta Segmentation      Aorta Segmentation      Modified: improved
 aorta             with deep learning-      with deep learning-      performance of the
                  based algorithm with     based algorithm          algorithm
                 improved performance
                by adding training data
                  (+ 267 additional
                    annotations)
 Aorta diameter   Aorta diameter          Threshold-based         Modified: maximum
 measurements    measurements at nine     classification of          diameter of ascending
                   predefined locations      diameters into different   and descending aorta
                  according to the AHA    categories              added
                    guidelines and at the
                    locations of the

AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)                  Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k)                                                                    5-6

maximum diameter of
                    the ascending and
                  descending aorta


                    Visualization VRT and   Visualization VRT and   Modified:
                    cross-sectional MPRs at  cross-sectional MPRs at  maximum diameter of
 Visualization of
                   nine predefined          nine predefined          ascending and
 aorta’s VRT and
                    locations according to     locations according to    descending aorta added
 as crossthe AHA guidelines and  the AHA guidelines
 sectional MPRs
                   of the maximum
                  diameter of ascending
                 and descending aorta
                   Categorization of         Categorization of        Modified:
                  diameter measurements   diameter measurements  maximum diameter of
                      at locations according     at locations according    ascending and
 Categorization
                     to the AHA guidelines    to the AHA guidelines    descending aorta added
 of diameter
                 and at locations of the
 measurements
              maximum diameter of
                  ascending and
                  descending aorta
                   Results in form of        Results in form of        Modified: format of
                     quantitative, structured    quantitative, structured  DICOM report changed
                 and textual reports, and   and textual reports, and
 Reports       DICOM Secondary    DICOM Secondary
                  Capture as well as       Capture
            DICOM Structured
                  Report (TID 1500)
 Deployment     Cloud and Edge (on-     Cloud deployment       Modified: edge
                  premise) deployments                          deployment added

8. Nonclinical Tests
Non-clinical tests were conducted to test the functionality of AI-Rad Companion
(Cardiovascular). Software validation and bench testing have been conducted to assess the
performance claims as well as the claim of substantial equivalence to the predicate device.

AI-Rad Companion has been tested to meet the requirements of conformity to multiple industry
standards. Non-clinical performance testing demonstrates that AI-Rad Companion
(Cardiovascular) complies with the FDA guidance document, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices” (May 11, 2005) as well as
with the following FDA recognized Consensus Standards listed in Table 2 below.


AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)                  Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k)                                                                    5-7

Table 2 Voluntary Conformance Standards

                                                        Reference     Standards
 Recognition   Product
                                     Title of Standard       Number and  Development
  Number      Area
                                                        Date      Organization
 5-114        General     Medical Devices – Application   62366-1:      IEC
                             of usability engineering to       2015-02
                           medical devices [including
                         Corrigendum 1 (2016)]
 5-125        General     Medical Devices – application    14971:2019    ISO
                             of risk management to medical
                            devices
 13-79         Software/    Medical device software –       62304:      AAMI
               Informatics  software life cycle processes     2006/A1:2016  ANSI
                             [Including Amendment 1                    IEC
                            (2016)]
 12-300       Radiology   Digital Imaging and           PS 3.1 – 3.20  NEMA
                         Communications in Medicine     (2016)
                     (DICOM) Set

Verification and Validation
Software documentation for a Moderate Level of Concern software, per FDA’s Guidance
Document “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in
Medical Devices” issued on May 11, 2005, is also included as part of this submission. The
performance data demonstrates continued conformance with special controls for medical devices
containing software. Non-clinical tests (unit, integration and system) were conducted on the
subject device during product development. In Summary all performance criteria have been
fulfilled.

Siemens Healthineers adheres to the cybersecurity requirements as defined the FDA Guidance
“Content of Premarket Submission for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices:
Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff” (October 2, 2014) by
implementing a process of preventing unauthorized access, modifications, misuse or denial of
use, or the unauthorized use of information that is stored, accessed, or transferred from a medical
device to an external recipient.

9. Performance Software Validation
To validate the novel and updated features of the AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) from the
clinical perspective, the following algorithms underwent a scientific evaluation:
     -   Performance of aorta segmentation
     -   Aorta diameter measurements at the nine predefined landmarks and at location of
     maximum ascending and maximum descending aorta, respectively.
The results of clinical data-based software validation for the subject device AI-Rad Companion
Cardiovascular demonstrated equivalent performance in comparison to the predicate device.


AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)                  Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k)                                                                    5-8

In more detail, the performance of the aorta segmentation module has been validated in a
representative retrospective clinical cohort (N=315) and has shown substantially equivalent
performance to the predicate device. For the subject device, average DICE (± std. dev)
coefficient was 0.924 (± 0.046), v., 0.910 (± 0.066) for predicate device. Consistent performance
has been observed for all relevant subgroups including device manufacturers, slice thickness,
patient sex and age, and comorbidities.

The accuracy of the aortic diameter measurements was validated in a representative retrospective
clinical cohort (N=193, including 50% of the cases with dilated aorta and 9% of the cases with
aortic aneurysm). The test data has been chosen to be representative for the intended population
consists of a cohort of consecutive patients undergoing Chest CT exams for varying indications
in addition to a cohort at increased risk for incidental findings particularly in the cardiovascular
domain, due to the screening nature of the examination. The evaluation included Bland Altman
analysis, in particular detailed analysis of error and bias of individual subgroups.

With respect to the diameter measurements at the nine predefined locations, the predicate device
yielded a bias within ±1.8 mm (95%-CI: [1.5 mm, 2.1 mm]) and mean absolute error (MAE) to
be ≤2.4 mm (95%-CI: [2.1 mm, 2.6 mm]). For the subject device the bias was within ±1.5 mm
(95%-CI: [0.9 mm, 2.0 mm]) and MAE ≤2.2 mm (95%-CI: [1.8 mm, 2.6 mm]).

Wirth respect to the diameter measurements at the location of maximum ascending and
maximum descending aorta, respectively, inter-reader variability was assessed, and 95%-limits
of agreement (LoAs) were established at ±3.51 mm. 91.9% of the measurements provided by the
subject device were found to lie within the LoA, with a bias within ±1.5 mm (95%-CI: [1.2 mm,
1.8 mm]) and MAE ≤1.8 mm (95%-CI: [1.44 mm, 2.23 mm]).

For all diameter measurements consistent performance has been observed for all relevant
subgroups including device manufacturers, slice thickness, patient sex and age, and
comorbidities. In summary, all performance criteria have been fulfilled and the validation
demonstrated substantially equivalent performance to the predicate device.


Summary Performance data
AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) was tested and found to be safe and effective for intended
users, uses and use environments through the design control verification and validation process
and clinical data-based software validation. The Human Factor Usability Validation showed that
Human factors are addressed in the system test according to the operator’s manual and in clinical
use tests with customer report and feedback form. Customer employees are adequately trained in
the use of this equipment.

10.  Clinical Tests
No clinical tests were conducted to test the performance and functionality of the modifications
introduced within AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular). Verification and validation of the
enhancements and improvements have been performed and these modifications have been
validated for their intended use. The data from these activities were used to support the subject
device and the substantial equivalence argument.

No animal testing has been performed on the subject device.

AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)                  Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k)                                                                    5-9

11.  Safety and Effectiveness
The device labeling contains instructions for use and any necessary cautions and warnings to
ensure safe and effective use of the device.

Risk management is ensured via ISO 14971:2019 compliance to identify and provide mitigation
of potential hazards in a product risk analysis early in the design phase and continuously
throughout the development of the product. These risks are controlled via measures realized
during software development, testing and product labeling.

12.  Substantial Equivalence and Conclusion

AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) is substantially equivalent to the follow predicate device
(Table 3).


Table 3 Predicate device for AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)

                  FDA Clearance    FDA Clearance
     Predicate Device                                     Main Product Code
                       Number             Date
   AI-Rad Companion
                          K183268       September 10, 2019        JAK
     (Cardiovascular)


AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) has the same intended use and technical characteristics
compared to the predicate device, AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) [K183268], with respect
to the software features, functionalities and core algorithms. The enhancements and
improvements provided in AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) increase the clinical utility and
reduce the complexity of the imaging workflow for the clinical user. The conclusions from all
verification and validation data suggest that these enhancements are equivalent with respect to
safety and effectiveness of the predicate device. These modifications do not change the intended
use of the product. Siemens is of the opinion that AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) is
substantially equivalent to the currently marketed predicate device.


AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)                  Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
Traditional 510(k)                                                                 5-10