Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
℅ John J. Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth Street
WASHINGTON DC 20004

Re: K222329                                                        September 28, 2022
    Trade/Device Name: BriefCase
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: August 2, 2022
    Received: August 2, 2022

Dear John J. Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K222329 - John J. Smith                                                               Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                              Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices
                                           and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                            See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K222329

Device Name

BriefCase

Indications for Use (Describe)


BriefCase  is a radiological computer-aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the analysis of CT exams
with contrast (CTA and CT with contrast) that include the chest in adults or transitional adolescents aged 18 and older.
The device is intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained medical specialists in workflow triage by
flagging and communicating suspected positive cases of aortic dissection (AD) pathology.

BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected findings on a
standalone application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is presented with
notifications for cases with suspected findings. Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for
informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original
medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on the user's
professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians are responsible for
viewing full images per the standard of care.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)     E  Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                         CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                         Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

FORM FDA 3881 (6120)                             Page 1 of 1                                                      PSC PublisAing Servics (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary
                           Aidoc Medical, Ltd.’s BriefCase

Submitter:                                                     K222329

       Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
      3 Aminadav St.
        Tel-Aviv, Israel
       Phone:            +972-73-7946870

       Contact Person:      Amalia Schreier, LL.M.

       Date Prepared:      August 2, 2022

Name of Device:           BriefCase

Classification Name:       Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
                             device

Regulatory Class:          Class II

Product Code:         QAS (21 C.F.R. 892.2080)

Primary Predicate Device:  CINA CHEST (K210237)

Device Description

BriefCase is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device.  The  software
system is based on an algorithm programmed component and consists of a standard off-the-shelf
operating system, the Microsoft Windows server 2012 64bit, and additional applications, which
include PostgreSQL, DICOM module and the BriefCase Image Processing Application. The device
consists of the following three modules: (1) Aidoc Hospital Server (AHS/Orchestrator) for image
acquisition; (2) Aidoc Cloud Server (ACS) for image processing; and (3) Aidoc Desktop Application
for workflow integration.

DICOM images are received, saved, filtered and de-identified before processing.  Filtration matches
metadata fields with keywords. Series are processed chronologically by running the algorithms on
each  series  to detect suspected cases. The software then  flags suspect cases by sending
notifications to the desktop application, thereby facilitating triage and prioritization by the user. As the
BriefCase software platform harbors several  triage algorithms, the user may opt to  filter out
notifications by pathology, e.g., a chest radiologist may choose to filter out alerts on ICH cases, and
a neuro-radiologist would opt to divert AD alerts. Where several medical centers are linked to a
shared PACS, a user may read cases for a certain center but not for another, and thus may opt to
filter out alerts by center. Activating the filter does not impact the order in which notifications are
presented in the Aidoc desktop application.

The desktop application feed displays  all incoming suspect cases, each notified case in a line.
Hovering over a line in the feed pops up a compressed, low-quality, grayscale, unannotated image

                                                                                          062

that is captioned “not for diagnostic use” and is displayed as a preview function. This compressed
preview is meant for informational purposes only, does not contain any marking of the findings, and
is not intended for primary diagnosis beyond notification.

Presenting the users with worklist prioritization facilitates earlier triage by prompting the user to
assess the relevant original images in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention earlier
than would have been the case in the standard of care practice alone.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

BriefCase is a radiological computer-aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the
analysis of CT exams with contrast (CTA and CT with contrast) that include the chest in adults or
transitional adolescents aged 18 and older. The device is intended to assist hospital networks and
appropriately  trained  medical  specialists  in  workflow  triage  by  flagging and  communicating
suspected positive cases of aortic dissection (AD) pathology.

BriefCase uses an  artificial  intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with
detected findings on a standalone application in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image
interpretation. The  user  is  presented  with  notifications  for  cases  with  suspected  findings.
Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for informational purposes only and
not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical
image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and
based on the user’s professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images.
Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The subject BriefCase and primary predicate CINA CHEST triage (K210237) are very similar,
as explained below.

Both devices are  radiological computer-aided  triage and  notification software programs. Both
devices are artificial intelligence, deep-learning algorithms incorporating software packages for use
with DICOM 3.0 compliant scanners, PACS, and radiology workstations. The predicate CINA
CHEST evaluates images from CT scanners as does the proposed Briefcase. The predicate and
subject devices differ in the fact that the subject device runs also on CT exams with contrast (CTA
and CT with contrast) that include the chest. All image types were included in the standalone
performance study.

The proposed device for aortic dissection has very similar technology and design as the predicate
device, and similar indications for use, i.e., both devices are intended to aid in prioritization and
triage of time-critical radiological images. The subject and predicate CINA CHEST devices raise the
same types of safety and effectiveness questions, namely, accurate detection of findings within the
processed study. It is important to note that, like the predicate, the subject device neither removes
cases from the standard of care reading queue nor deprioritizes cases. Both devices operate in
parallel with the standard of care, which remains the default option for all cases. A table comparing
the key features of the subject and the predicate devices is provided below.

                                                                                          063

                           Table 1. Key Feature Comparison

                            Predicate Device                    Subject Device
                    CINA CHEST (K210237)               Aidoc Briefcase

Intended  Use    /  CINA CHEST is a radiological         BriefCase is a radiological computerIndications     for  computer aided triage and            aided triage and notification software
Use                  notification software indicated for       indicated for use in the analysis of CT
                 use in the analysis of Chest and      exams with contrast (CTA and CT with
                  Thoraco-abdominal CT angiography.   contrast) that include the chest in adults
                The device is intended to assist        or transitional adolescents aged 18 and
                     hospital networks and trained           older. The device is intended to assist
                     radiologists in workflow triage by       hospital  networks  and  appropriately
                     flagging and communicating           trained medical specialists in workflow
                  suspected positive findings of (1)       triage by flagging and communicating
                 Chest CT angiography for            suspected  positive  cases  of  aortic
                 Pulmonary Embolism (PE) and (2)     dissection (AD) pathology.
                 Chest or Thoraco-abdominal CT
                  angiography for Aortic Dissection      BriefCase uses an artificial intelligence
                    (AD).                                 algorithm  to  analyze  images  and
                                                                highlight cases with detected findings
               CINA CHEST uses an artificial       on a standalone application in parallel
                      intelligence algorithm to analyze        to the ongoing standard of care image
                 images and highlight cases with        interpretation. The user  is presented
                   detected PE and AD on a              with   notifications   for  cases   with
                  standalone Web application in        suspected    findings.    Notifications
                      parallel to the ongoing standard of     include compressed preview images
                   care image interpretation. The user     that  are  meant   for   informational
                         is presented with notifications for      purposes only and not intended  for
                 cases with suspected PE or AD        diagnostic use beyond notification. The
                      findings. Notifications include         device  does  not  alter  the  original
                 compressed preview images that are   medical image and is not intended to be
                meant for informational purposes     used as a diagnostic device.
                     only, and are not intended for
                    diagnostic use beyond notification.    The results of BriefCase are intended to
                The device does not alter the original  be  used  in  conjunction  with  other
                  medical image, and it is not intended  patient information and based on the
                      to be used as a diagnostic device.     user’s professional judgment, to assist
                                                           with   triage/prioritization   of  medical
                The results of CINA CHEST are       images.    Notified    clinicians    are
                   intended to be used in conjunction     responsible for viewing full images per
                    with other patient information and      the standard of care.
                 based on professional judgment to
                     assist with triage/prioritization of
                  medical images. Notified clinicians
                   are ultimately responsible for
                   reviewing full images per the
                   standard of care.


                                                                                         064

                          Predicate Device                    Subject Device
                   CINA CHEST (K210237)               Aidoc Briefcase
User population    Hospital networks and trained          Hospital networks and appropriately
                      radiologists                             trained medical specialists
Anatomical        Chest and thoraco-abdominal         Chest, abdomen and thoracoregion of interest                                      abdominal
Data  acquisition   Chest and Thoraco-abdominal CT  CT exams with contrast (CTA and CT
protocol           angiography                           with contrast) that include the chest

Notification-only    Yes                            Yes
  (notification
  alerts),   parallel
 workflow tool
 Images         DICOM                      DICOM
  format
  Interference  with  No                          No
 standard
 workflow
  Algorithm              Artificial intelligence algorithm with     Artificial  intelligence algorithm with
                   database of images.                database of images.
  Structure                -  PE and AD image processing         - AHS module (orchestrator, image
                          applications                               acquisition);
                              -   Compatibility of use with the          - ACS module (image processing);
                   CINA Platform reference device       -  Aidoc Desktop application for
                            (worklist and Image Viewer)           workflow integration (feed and nondiagnostic Image Viewer).

Performance Data

Pivotal Study Summary

Aidoc conducted a retrospective, blinded, multicenter, study with the BriefCase software to evaluate
the software’s performance in identifying aortic dissection in CT images in 499 cases. The cases
were collected from 5 medical centers in the US and are distinct datasets from the ones used to train
the algorithm.

Primary endpoints were 80% performance goals for both sensitivity and specificity.

Secondary endpoints were BriefCase time-to-notification compared to the predicate device. Positive
Predictive Value (PPV), Negative Predictive Value (NPV), Positive Likelihood Ratio (PLR), and
Negative Likelihood Ratio (NLR) were also assessed.

Primary Endpoint

Sensitivity and specificity exceeded the 80% performance goal. Sensitivity was 93.23% (95%
CI: 88.70% - 96.35%) and specificity was 92.83% (95% CI: 89.35% - 95.45%).

                                                                                          065

Secondary Endpoint

In addition, the time-to-notification metric observed for the BriefCase software in the 5 medical
centers was compared to the equivalent metric of the predicate devices.

 -  The BriefCase time-to-notification includes the time to get the DICOM exam, de-identify  it,
    upload  it to the cloud, analyze and send a notification on a positive suspect case back to the
    desktop application.

The BriefCase time-to-notification was measured for  all True Positive cases  (i.e., identified as
positive both by the reviewers as well as the BriefCase device) and is given in Table 2 below. The
table also displays the same metric reported for the predicate CINA CHEST.

The time-to-notification results obtained for the subject BriefCase device show comparability with the
primary predicate with regard to time savings to the standard of care review. The BriefCase mean
time-to-notification for aortic dissection was 38 seconds (95% CI: 35.5-40.4). The time-to-notification
for the CINA CHEST for AD triage was 36.5 seconds (95% CI: 35.4-37.5).

             Table 2. Time-to-Notification Comparison for BriefCase Devices (sec)

IQR                              Mean      95% Lower    95% Upper     Time-to-notification    N                                            Median                                   Estimate        CL          CL

      BriefCase Aortic                        499       38            35.5           40.4        31.1    32.5         Dissection
      CINA CHEST       298       36.5            35.4           37.5        34.1     n/a

NPV was 99.8% (95% CI: 99.7%- 99.9%) and PPV was 25.0% (95% CI: 18.2%- 19.5%).

PLR was 13.010 (95% CI: 8.682 - 19.494) and NLR was 0.073 (95% CI: 0.043 - 0.123).

Thus, the reported  similar  time-to-notification data demonstrates  that when using the subject
BriefCase for AD triage the radiologists may have the same benefit in time saving as with the CINA
CHEST triage.

As can be seen in Table 3 the mean age of patients whose scans were reviewed for AD was 60.02
years, with a standard deviation of 17.19 years. Gender distribution was 51.9% male, and 47.9%
female (Table 4). Scanner distribution can also be found in Table 5 below.

                        Table 3. Descriptive Statistics for Age

                         Mean   Std   Min  Median  Max  N
                Age (Years)   60.02   17.19   18     62     90   499

                                                                                          066

                      Table 4. Frequency Distribution of Gender

                                           Gender
                                                                                 All                     Ground Truth                                          Male    Female                            Results
                               N  %  N  %   N  %
                         Positive              129  25.9  63 12.6  192   38.6
                      Negative             130  26.1 176 35.3  306   61.4
                              All                  239  48.0 259 52.0  498*  100.0
                                      * 1 case had gender unknown.

                   Table 5. Frequency Distribution of Manufacturer

                              Manufacturer    N    %
                               Siemens      167    33.47%
                          GE        145    29.06%
                                          Philips       103    20.64%
                              Canon       84    16.83%
                                         Total        499    100%

In summary, performance validation data, combined with a comparison of the time-to-notification
metric with the predicate device establishes the achievement by the subject BriefCase of preemptive
triage in the range of several minutes.

Additional Operating Points

In addition  to the default operating point that was selected to maximize both  sensitivity and
specificity, two additional operating points (AOP) were selected to maximize specificity or sensitivity
while maintaining a lower bound 95% confidence interval of 80% for sensitivity and specificity
respectively:

AOP1: Sensitivity was 96.88% (95% CI: 93.32% - 98.84%) and specificity was 85.02% (95% CI:
80.52% - 88.82%).
AOP2: Sensitivity was 86.46% (95% CI: 80.79% - 90.96%) and specificity was 95.11% (95% CI:
92.07% - 97.24%).

Conclusions

The subject BriefCase  for Aortic Dissection triage and the predicate CINA CHEST triage are
intended  to aid  in  prioritization and triage  of radiological images  for the indications  of  aortic
dissection. Both devices are software packages with  similar technological  characteristics and
principles of operation, incorporating deep learning AI algorithms that process images, and software
to send notifications and display unannotated compressed low-quality preview images. In both

                                                                                          067

devices, the labeling clearly states that the devices are not for diagnostic use and instructs the user
to further evaluate and diagnose based only on the original images in the local PACS.

Both devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not
change the original image, do not provide any marking on the output preview, do not remove images
from the standard of care FIFO queue and do not de-prioritize cases, thus not disturbing standard
interpretation of the images. Both devices notify the radiologist of time-sensitive critical cases within
the range of several minutes, and thus contribute  similarly to the standard of care workflow
turnaround time reduction through preemptive triage.

The subject BriefCase device for Aortic Dissection triage is thus substantially equivalent to the
primary predicate CINA CHEST triage.