September 1, 2023

FaceHeart Corp.
Morris Chung
AVP
PO Box 309, Ugland House
Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
Cayman Islands

Re: K223622
    Trade/Device Name: FaceHeart Vitals Software Development Kit (FH vitals SDK)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2785
    Regulation Name: Software for optical camera-based measurement of pulse rate, heart rate, breathing
                           rate, and/or respiratory rate
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QME
    Dated: July 29, 2023
    Received: July 31, 2023

Dear Morris Chung:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223622 - Morris Chung                                                               Page 2


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                                Jennifer W. Shih -S
                                                Jennifer Kozen
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                Diagnostics and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEAL TH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                          Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                   Indications for Use                         See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
I K223622
Device Name
 FaceHeart Vitals Software Development Kit (FH vitals
 SOK)
Indications for Use (Describe)
 The FH Vitals SDK is designed to measure the pulse rate based on the given facial video stream. It
 is intended for non-invasive spot measurements of pulse rate when the subject is still. This SDK is
 not intended for use in patients with known or suspected heart arrhythmias.

 While the SDK can be used for general healthcare, it is not designed to treat patients. The pulse rate
 measurement results provided by the FH Vitals SDK should complement, but not replace, the user's
 usual professional medical care and/or medication. If abnormalities are detected during the
 measurement with the FH Vitals SDK, users are advised to consult a medical professional.

 The FH Vitals SDK is indicated for use in humans 18 years of age or older who do not require critical
 care or continuous vital signs monitoring. This software should not be the primary or sole method for
 assessing an individual's health.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
            IZ] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                     This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
          *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

510(k) Summary

         [This summary is submitted according to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92]


1. Submitter’s Name, Address and Date prepared:

                      FaceHeart Corporation
 Applicant         PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104,
                  Cayman Islands.

                   Name: Morris Chung
                       Address: Rm.1003, 10F., Jan Qi Biomedical Engineering Building,
                               No.75, Bo’ai St., East Dist., Hsinchu City 300,
 Correspondent               Taiwan (R.O.C.)
                      Phone:   +886-3-6591088
                      Email: < ml.chung@faceheart.com>

 Date Prepared       August 31, 2023


2. Device Names and Classifications

Proposed Device
 Name of Proposed
                FH vitals SDK
 Device

 Common Name:      Pulse Rate Measuring Software

 Regulation Number   21 CFR 870.2785

                      Software for optical camera-based measurement of pulse rate, heart rate,
 Regulation Name
                        breathing rate, and/or respiratory rate

 Regulatory Class      Class II

 Product Code     QME

 Review Panel         Cardiovascular


Predicate Device

 Predicate
                      Oxehealth Limited
 Manufacturer


                                                                                               K223622
                                                                                          Page 1 of 10

Predicate Trade
                      Oxehealth Vital Signs
 Name
  Predicate 510 (k)     K211906


3. Device Description:


   FH vitals SDK  is a video-based, non-contact pulse rate measurement software with a
    face recognition function designed to measure and real-time display the pulse rate of adults.
    This system uses cameras to detect the user’s face and obtains the continuous face image
     data, with signal processing and algorithm to compute the pulse rate. The software  is
    intended to be installed on commercial mobile devices/laptops/computers equipped with

    cameras. It can be deployed on Android, iOS platform and Windows platforms.


      It is the responsibility of the device manufacturer to integrate FH vitals SDK correctly and to

    obtain the necessary regulatory approval/clearance for the final device integrating FH vitals

   SDK. It is also the responsibility of the device manufacturer to ensure that their device or

    software application has the correct regulatory approvals and meets the required standards for

     their intended use. Any regulatory clearance and tests FH vitals SDK has do not apply to a

    device or software integrating FH vitals SDK. These processes and tests should be repeated

     at the system level.


4. Indications for Use:


   The FH Vitals SDK  is designed to measure the pulse rate based on the given facial
    video stream.  It is intended for non-invasive spot measurements of pulse rate when the

    subject  is  still.  This SDK   is  not  intended  for  use  in  patients  with  known  or

    suspected  heart arrhythmias.


    While the SDK can be used for general healthcare,  it is not designed to treat patients.
   The pulse rate measurement results provided by the FH Vitals SDK should complement, but
    not replace, the user's usual professional medical care and/or medication. If abnormalities


                                                                                               K223622
                                                                                          Page 2 of 10

are detected during the measurement with the FH Vitals SDK, users are advised to
            consult a medical professional.


         The FH Vitals SDK is indicated for use in humans 18 years of age or older who do not

            require critical care or continuous vital signs monitoring. This software should not be the

           primary or sole method for assessing an individual's health.


        5. Technological Characteristics:


           Similar to the predicate device, the FH vitals SDK is a software-only product that

          measures pulse rate through an optical camera-based mechanism.


           This software intended to run on standard PCs, laptops, and mobile devices, analyzing video

           streams captured by compatible available video cameras to compute pulse rate.


           This  software  is  intended  to  analyze  video  collected  by  compatible  cameras  in

            stationary conditions. Users are instructed to keep the camera stationary (e.g., by using a

           stand or another suitable support). When integrating this software for use with camera

            signals from devices with accelerometers (e.g., smartphones), the manufacturer is instructed

            to use accelerometer data to only use this software with video collected when the camera is

             stationary.


        6. Comparison with the Predicate Device (Substantial Equivalence):


                    Table 1. Substantial Equivalent (SE) Comparison Summary

                                           Subject Device                           Predicate Device       Comparison
510(k) Number                         K223622                            K211906
 Device Name                   FH vitals SDK                           Oxehealth Vital Signs
  Common                     Pulse Rate Measuring Software                            Vital Signs
   Name
Manufacturer                         FaceHeart Corp.                              Oxehealth Ltd


                                                                                                       K223622
                                                                                                  Page 3 of 10

Indications for  The FH  Vitals SDK  is designed  to measure the pulse  rate  Non-invasive  spot  check      Similar.
     Use        based on the given facial video stream. It is intended for non-  measurements of pulse rate
                  invasive spot measurements of pulse rate when the subject  is  and  breathing  rate  (chest  FaceHeart’s
                          still. This SDK  is  not  intended  for  use  in  patients  with  wall movements).            indications are
              known  or suspected heart arrhythmias.                                                     a subset of the
                                                                   The Oxehealth Vital Signs  OxeHealth
                While the SDK can be used for general healthcare,  it  is not  device   is  intended   for   Vital    Signs
                 designed  to   treat  patients.  The  pulse  rate  measurement  noninvasive           spot   indications
                    results provided by the FH  Vitals SDK should complement,  measurements of pulse rate
                  but not replace,  the  user's  usual  professional  medical  care  and  estimated  breathing
                  and/or  medication.  If  abnormalities  are  detected  during  the   rate       (chest      wall
                measurement with the FH Vitals SDK, users are advised to  movements)  when   the
                  consult a medical professional.                                     subject is still. It is software
                                                                                     assessing  video  footage
               The FH Vitals SDK is indicated for use in humans 18 years of  from  a  fixed-installation
                age or older who do not require critical care or continuous vital   solution  for  use  within
                  signs monitoring.  This  software  should  not be  the  primary   single  occupancy  rooms
                  or sole method for assessing an individual's health.                within  hospitals,  general
                                                                                           care,     and     secured
                                                                             environments         with
                                                                                      professional     healthcare
                                                                                     oversight  and  where  a
                                                                        framework   exists  which
                                                                          mandates periodic checks
                                                                      by a trained professional to
                                                                                ensure subject safety.

                                                                   The Oxehealth system  is
                                                                                 intended    for   use   by
                                                                                     appropriately trained  staff
                                                                               with a duty of care and
                                                                               should  not  be  used  by
                                                                                   untrained users.

                                                                   The Oxehealth Vital Signs
                                                                                device is indicated for use
                                                                      on humans 18 years of age
                                                                                          for older who do not require
                                                                                                     critical care or continuous
                                                                                                   vital signs monitoring.

                                                                   The device is not intended
                                                                                          to be the sole method of
                                                                             checking   the   physical
                                                                                      health of a subject.
 Component                           Software Only                               Software Only          Same
 Patient Type                   Adults not requiring critical care                     Adults not requiring        Same
                                                                                                              critical care
     Use        Light source: above 300 Lux (Depends on camera)                 In the presence of sources      Different
 Environment   Measuring distance: 0.5-1.5m (Depends on camera)                of flashing or variable light,
                                                                                   including    other   Near
                                                                                       Infrared illumination.


                                                                                                       K223622
                                                                                                  Page 4 of 10

Pulse Rate                            50-180 bpm                                50-130 bpm          Similar:   FH
 Measurement                                                                                                                  vitals SDK can
    Range                                                                                          measure     a
                                                                                                        wider range of
                                                                                                                pulse rate
 Performance                         ±3 bpm                                ±3 bpm             Same
 (Error Level)
 Measurement                           1 min                                 9 seconds              Different
  Window
 Compatibility   The pulse rate measurement feature of FH Vitals SDK is a          Standard,  off  the  shelf      Different
     with        software product that exclusively supports the following three      computers   and   mobile
  Hardware-     operating systems:                                                        tablets,    specified   and
  computing                                                                               installed by Oxehealth, and
        •   Windows 10                                                 validated           during
                                                                                                 installation.
        •   Android 12

        •   iOS 12                                                           Installation will be carried
                                                                                  out  by   an   Oxehealth
                                                                            approved           installer,
               The acceptable hardware devices and their required specifications   according  to   installation
                                                                                          instructions          and
                   are as follows:                                                                                           verification     procedures
                                                                               provided by Oxehealth.
 Compatibility                                      iPhone  Samsung              Standard,  off  the  shelf      Different
                               C920 +    iPhone                   Samsung
with Hardware        Item                        13 Pro     S22              machine vision camera and
                                   Laptop    13 Pro                      S22+
 -Camera and                                Max      Ultra                 infrared illuminators, exact
  Accessories      Camera FOV      78°             77°            80°         80°       specification determined by
                    Camera                                                   Oxehealth  and  validated
                                     1/3”          1/3.6”        1/2.82”    1/3.24”                     Sensor Size                                                    during installation
                    Camera
                      Aperture       F2.0           F2.2           F2.2       F2.2
                            Size
                     Streaming                 VGA @ 30fps

                                                            1 x Cortex X2
                                            Intel i7-
                   CPU                                  3 x Cortex A710
                              1165G7
                                                           4 x Cortex A510
                                            A15
                                            Intel Iris
                  GPU         Xe                         Adreno 730
                                    Graphics
                             Windows
                    OS                       iOS 12            Android 12
                                  10
                     Output
                                               Heart Rate: 50~180 bpm
                     Range
                   Output Time                     1 min
                 Memory
                                             500 MB and above
                   Requirement
                     ⚫    Required to stay steady during measurement.
                      Operating
                     ⚫    Support minor movement  (speak  or nod
                        Restriction
                                                    slightly)
                       Applicable  ⚫     Illumination: above 300 lux
                   Environment  ⚫    Measuring distance: 0.5-1.5m
                       Error Level                      within±3 bpm
   Software                       C++/Java/Objective-C++                 C++ and Node.js; use of       Different
                                                                                                           3rd party libraries


                                                                                                       K223622
                                                                                                  Page 5 of 10

7. Clinical Performance Data

   FH vitals SDK was verified and validated in accordance with the special controls for optical

    camera-based measurement of pulse rate, heart rate, breathing rate, and/or respiratory rate (21

   CFR 870.2785-Reclassification Order of DEN200019). The testing demonstrated that the

    device performed according to its specifications and that the technological and performance

     criteria were comparable to the predicate device.


    Performance data  is demonstrated by 1000-CSR-02-V2.0  clinical studies Report. The

    performance of the FH vitals SDK was tested in a clinical study of 527 participants, age 18
    and older. Study demographic characteristics are summarized in Table 2.


                Table 2. Clinical Validation Study subject demographic

        Sample size       N=527
             •  Females: 314 subjects
        Gender
             •  Males: 213 subjects
             •  18-39: 213 subjects
       Age Group    •  40-59: 184 subjects
             •  Above 60:
             •  0-18.5: 29 subjects
             •  18.5-24.9: 270 subjects
      BMI
             •  25-29.9: 149 subjects
             •  30+: 79 subjects
             •  With: 44 subjects
       Makeup
             •  Without: 483 subjects
             •  With: 183 subjects
         Glasses
             •  Without: 344 subjects
             •  With: 48 subjects
          Facial hair
             •  Without: 419 subjects
         Skin type     •  Types I and II: The number of subjects was 34
         according to    •  Types III and IV: The number of subjects was 410
          Fitzpatrick Scale  •  Types V and VI: The number of subjects was 83
             •  Heart: 28 subjects
             •  Oblong: 169 subjects
          Facial Shapes   •  Oval: 58 subjects
             •  Round: 232 subjects
             •  Square: 40 subjects


                                                                                               K223622
                                                                                          Page 6 of 10

•  Arrhythmia: 55 subjects
             •  Coronary Artery Disease (CAD): 90 subjects
         Disease History   •  Heart Failure (HF): 23 subjects
             •  Hypertension: 125 subjects
             •  Other CVDs> 21 subjects

   The data showed that compared with Philips MX100 ECG, the pulse rate deviation of
   FH Vitals SDK installed on laptops with C920, iPhone 13 Pro, iPhone 13 Pro Max, Samsung

   S22 Ultra, and Samsung S22+ were within ±3bpm, accounting for about 90.3, 95.4%,

    95.4%, 93.7%, and 94.3% in 527 subjects, respectively. On average, about 93.8% of the 527

     subjects.
8. Non-Clinical Software Testing:

   Our software underwent comprehensive non-clinical testing, as detailed in the "Full System

    Testing" report. Importantly, these tests were conducted on a system that integrates with our
    device and represents the final configuration. This testing approach encompassed both
     functionality tests and system performance tests.


       Device Compatibility:

   The software's compatibility was verified on specific devices, ensuring  that the

     final application functions correctly. The tested devices are as follows:

       Laptop (Asus Zenbook UX435EAL) with C920

       iPhone 13 Pro

       iPhone 13 Pro Max

       Samsung S22+

       Samsung S22


       Motion Impact on Performance Decay

    According  to our  internal  test, under  the  scenario  of doing  exercise  or performing
    large movement, the mean absolute error of pulse  rate measurement can range from
    11.77 bpm to 42.06 bpm. Such error range indicates that motion has significant impact
    on the precision of pulse rate measurement.


                                                                                               K223622
                                                                                          Page 7 of 10

   Software Functionality:

   The software is designed to track only one face, even in scenarios where multiple faces are

   present within the image frames. All warning messages were also validated to ensure they

   are triggered appropriately.


                     Scenario                               Software Response
                                              The  software  tracks  only one  face
There are multiple faces in camera view.
                                                       during the measurement.
Use a finger to cover the camera.                      Warning message: Missing Face.
Use a hand to cover the face.                         Warning message: Missing Face.
Turn  off  lights  in  the  room  to  make  the  face  Warning message: Missing Face.
unrecognizable.
Enlarge the camera focus to have a blurred face which is  Warning message: Missing Face.
unrecognizable.
Wear a hat to block a large portion of the face.           Warning message: Missing Face.
Wear a facial mask.                                Warning message: Missing Face.
Make the face outside Rectangle.                      Warning message: Bad Face Position.
Make the face-camera distance larger than 1.5M.         Warning message: Bad Face Position.
Nod slightly.                                      Warning message: Motion.
Shake the head slightly.                             Warning message: Motion.
Move back and forth.                               Warning message: Motion.
Stand up suddenly.                                 Warning message: Motion.
Shake the camera.                                  Warning message: Motion.
Low camera frame rate.                             Warning message: Low Frame Rate.


      System Performance Metrics:

   For each device, the following performance metrics were observed:

                                                                       Average Image Frame
                Device                Memory (MB)     CPU (%)        Processing Time:
                                                                 Time Cost (ms/frame)
C920 with Asus Zenbook UX435EAL              155              10                  4.09
iPhone 13 Pro                                      58.5              43                  3.58
iPhone 13 Pro Max                                 46.3              40                  3.91
Samsung S22+                                 187              10                  9.79
Samsung S22 Ultra                             225              10                  8.71


    It's worth noting that the image processing speed of the software exceeds the frame rate of the

   camera, indicating that device performance meets real-time requirements.


                                                                                              K223622
                                                                                         Page 8 of 10

9. Consideration of Special Controls Guidance

    In combination with the general controls of the FD&C Act, the software for optical camerabased measurement of pulse rate, heart rate, breathing rate, and/or respiratory rate (products

    submitted under 21 CFR 870.2785-Reclassification Order of DEN200019) is subject to the

    following special controls:


                         Special controls                     Evidence of compliance
    (1) A software description and the results of verification and    Software
    validation testing based on a comprehensive hazard analysis    documentation  included
   and risk assessment must include:                            a      description      of
         (i)A full characterization of the software technical         algorithm  training  and
        parameters, including algorithms;                           validation     data,    a
           (ii)If required image acquisition hardware is not included   discussion     of     the
        with the device, full specifications of the hardware          specifications          of
        requirements and testing to demonstrate the specified      compatible hardware and
        hardware ensures adequate data for validated and           the   impact   of   these
         accurate measurements.                                     specifications   on   the
          (iii)A description of the expected impact of all applicable   device, and testing of all
        sensor acquisition hardware characteristics and             mitigations for user error.
         associated hardware specifications;
                                                             Software  documentation        (iv)A description of all mitigations for user error or
                                                                     also            included          failure of any subsystem components (including signal
                                                                   cybersecurity testing and         detection, signal analysis, data display, and storage) on
                                                              a vulnerability analysis.        output accuracy; and
        (v)Software documentation must include a cybersecurity
         vulnerability and management process to assure software
         functionality.

    (2) Clinical data must be provided. This assessment must        Clinical validation study
     fulfill the following:                                                     is provided in Section 7
         (i)The clinical data must be representative of the intended  above.
        use population for the device. Any selection criteria or
        sample limitations must be fully described and justified.
         (ii)The assessment must demonstrate output consistency
        using the expected range of data sources and data quality
        encountered in the intended use population and
        environment.
         (iii)The assessment must compare device output with a
          clinically accurate patient-contacting relevant comparator
        device in an accurate and reproducible manner.


                                                                                               K223622
                                                                                          Page 9 of 10

(3) A human factors and usability engineering assessment    A     Use-Related-Riskmust be provided that evaluates the risk of improper            Analysis was conducted
    measurement.                                          and A Human  Factors
                                                                 Validation   Study  was
                                                             conducted with 15 health
                                                                  care  providers  and  15
                                                                       patients    that   showed
                                                          minimal user errors, close
                                                                                calls, or use difficulties.
    (4) Labeling must include:                                   Labeling requirements
         (i)A description of what the device measures and outputs   are incorporated in the
         to the user;                                               user manuals.
        (ii)Warnings identifying sensor acquisition factors or
         subject conditions or characteristics (garment
         types/textures, motion, etc.) that may impact
       measurement results;
         (iii)Guidance for interpretation of the measurements,
        including a statement that the output is adjunctive to
         other physical vital sign parameters and patient
         information;
        (iv)The expected performance of the device for all
        intended use populations and environments; and
        (v)Robust instructions to ensure correct system setup.

    In addition, this is a prescription device and must comply with
   21 CFR 801.109.


10. Conclusion

    In conclusion, the FH Vitals SDK shares a similar intended use to that of the already cleared

    predicate device, with its function encapsulating a subset of the features provided by the

    Oxehealth  systems.  Moreover,  the  proposed  device  aligns  closely  in  technological

     characteristics and operational principles with the predicate device. The distinctions that do

     exist between the two devices do not introduce additional concerns regarding safety or
    performance. Consequently, we posit that the FH Vitals SDK is substantially equivalent
     to the predicate device.


                                                                                               K223622
                                                                                          Page 10 of 10