July 21, 2023
Brainlab AG
Esther Moreno Garcia
QM Consultant Regulatory Affairs
Olof-Palme-Str. 9
Munich, 81829
Germany

Re: K223288
    Trade/Device Name:  Cranial Navigation, Navigation Software Cranial, Navigation Software
                           Craniofacial, Cranial EM System, Automatic Registration iMRI
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.4560
    Regulation Name: Stereotaxic Instrument
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: HAW
    Dated: June 20, 2023
    Received: June 20, 2023

Dear Esther Moreno Garcia:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223288 - Esther Moreno Garcia                                                        Page 2


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                                                                    Digitally signed by
                                          Adam D. Pierce -S              Adam D.                                                           Date: 2023.07.21
                                                           11:03:25 -04'00'                                AdamPierceD. Pierce,-SPh.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT5A: Division of Neurosurgical,
                                                Neurointerventional
                                           and Neurodiagnostic Devices
                                  OHT5: Office of Neurological
                                           and Physical Medicine Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K223288

Device Name
Cranial Navigation, Navigation Software Cranial, Navigation Software Craniofacial, Cranial EM System, Automatic Registration
iMRI

Indications for Use (Describe)
Cranial Navigation

The Cranial Navigation is intended as image-guided planning and navigation system to enable navigated cranial surgery.
It links instruments to a virtual computer image space on patient image data being processed by the navigation platform.
The system is indicated for any medical condition in which a reference to a rigid anatomical structure can be identified
relative to images (CT, CTA, X-Ray, MR, MRA and ultrasound) of the anatomy, including:

• Cranial Resection
  • Resection of tumors and other lesions
  • Resection of skull-base tumor or other lesions
  • AVM Resection

• Craniofacial Procedures (including cranial and midfacial bones)
  • Tumor Resection
  • Bone Tumor Defect Reconstruction
  • Bone Trauma Defect Reconstruction
  • Bone Congenital Defect Reconstructions
  • Orbital cavity reconstruction procedures
• Removal of foreign objects

Cranial EM System

Cranial EM is intended as an image-guided planning and navigation system to enable neurosurgery procedures.
The device is indicated for any medical condition in which a reference to a rigid anatomical structure can be identified
relative to images (CT, CTA, X-Ray, MR, MRA and ultrasound) of the anatomy, such as:
• Cranial Resection
  o Resection of tumors and other lesions
  o Resection of skull-base tumor or other lesions
• Intracranial catheter placement

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 2                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
       The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                      Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 2 of 2

K223288 Page 1 of 8


                               510(k) Summary

July 21, 2023

                                    General Information
 Manufacturer                  Brainlab AG; Olof-Palme-Str.9, 81829, Munich, Germany
 Establishment Registration   8043933
 Trade Name                         •       Cranial Navigation
                                           •       Navigation Software Cranial
                                           •       Navigation Software Craniofacial
                                           •       Cranial EM System
                                           •       Automatic Registration iMRI
 Classification Name           Neurological Stereotaxic Instrument
 Product Code           HAW
 Regulation Number          882.4560
 Regulatory Class             Class II
 Panel                       Neurology
 Predicate Device(s)           Primary Predicate: K192703 Cranial Image Guided Surgery System
                            Secondary Predicates: K162929 Stryker Navigation System
                                           K213989 Cranial EM System
                                    Contact Information
                Primary Contact                                 Alternate Contact
               Esther Moreno Garcia                                Chiara Cunico
     QM Consultant – Regulatory Affairs                   Phone: +49 89 99 15 68 0
           Phone: +49 89 99 15 68 0                        Fax: +49 89 99 15 68 5033
       Email: regulatory.affairs@brainlab.com               Email: chiara.cunico@brainlab.com


     1.  Indication for Use

        Cranial Navigation

      The Cranial Navigation is intended as image-guided planning and navigation system to enable
        navigated cranial surgery. It links instruments to a virtual computer image space on patient image
        data being processed by the navigation platform.
      The system is indicated for any medical condition in which a reference to a rigid anatomical
        structure can be identified relative to images (CT, CTA, X-Ray, MR, MRA and ultrasound) of the
       anatomy, including:

          • Cranial Resection
                     • Resection of tumors and other lesions
                     • Resection of skull-base tumor or other lesions

   510(k) Summary                     Cranial Navigation and Cranial EM

K223288 Page 2 of 8


                 • AVM Resection

       • Craniofacial Procedures (including cranial and midfacial bones)
                 • Tumor Resection
                 • Bone Tumor Defect Reconstruction
                 • Bone Trauma Defect Reconstruction
                 • Bone Congenital Defect Reconstructions
                 • Orbital cavity reconstruction procedures
                 • Removal of foreign objects


     Cranial EM System

     Cranial EM is intended as an image-guided planning and navigation system to enable neurosurgery
     procedures.
    The device is indicated for any medical condition in which a reference to a rigid anatomical structure
    can be identified relative to images (CT, CTA, X-Ray, MR, MRA and ultrasound) of the anatomy,
    such as:
       • Cranial Resection
           o Resection of tumors and other lesions
           o Resection of skull-base tumor or other lesions
       • Intracranial catheter placement

 2.  Device Description

    The subject device consists of several devices: Cranial Navigation using  optical tracking
     technology,  its  accessory Automatic  Registration  iMRI, and  Cranial EM System  using
     electromagnetic tracking technology.

     Cranial Navigation is an image guided surgery system for navigated treatments in the field of
      cranial surgery, including the newly added Craniofacial indication. It offers different patient image
      registration methods and instrument calibration to allow surgical navigation by using optical
     tracking technology. The device provides different workflows guiding the user through preoperative
    and intraoperative steps.

    The software is installed on a mobile or fixed Image Guided Surgery (IGS) platform to support the
     surgeon in clinical procedures by displaying tracked instruments in patient’s image data. The IGS
     platforms consist of a mobile Monitor Cart or a fixed ceiling mounted display and an infrared camera
      for image guided surgery purposes. There are three different product lines of the IGS platforms:
     “Curve”, “Kick” and Buzz Navigation (Ceiling-Mounted).

     Cranial Navigation consists of:

         •   Several  software  modules  for  registration,  instrument  handling,  navigation  and
              infrastructure tasks (main software: Cranial Navigation 4.1 including several components)

510(k) Summary                     Cranial Navigation and Cranial EM

K223288 Page 3 of 8

         •  IGS platforms (Curve Navigation 17700, Kick 2 Navigation Station, Buzz Navigation
             (Ceiling-Mounted) and predecessor models)
         •   Surgical instruments for navigation, patient referencing and registration


     With this submission, several already existing features are now performed introducing a new
     algorithm using artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI/ML). This ML based functionality is
    used for the detection of inside-brain abnormities in T1-Weighted Contrast-Enhanced Magnetic
    Resonance (T1+C MR) volumetric images to allow a more convenient centering of the views and as
    an aid in the registration step (in surface matching) by allowing a pre-registration based on guide
      points. This pre-registration step is not mandatory. The AI/ML algorithm is a Convolutional Neuronal
     Network (CNN) developed using a Supervised Learning approach. The algorithm was developed
     using a controlled internal process that defines activities from the inspection of input data to the
      training and verification of the algorithm. The training process begins with the model observing,
     learning, and optimizing its parameters based on the training pool data. The model's prediction and
     performance are then evaluated against a test pool. The test pool data is set aside at the beginning
     of the project. This is a static algorithm (locked).

    Automatic Registration iMRI is an accessory to Cranial Navigation enabling automatic image
      registration for intraoperatively acquired MR imaging. The registration object can be used in
     subsequent applications  (e.g. Cranial Navigation  4.1).  It consists of the software Automatic
     Registration iMRI 1.0, a registration matrix and a reference adapter.

      Similarly, the Cranial EM System, is an image-guided planning and navigation system to enable
     neurosurgical procedures.  It offers instrument handling as well as patient registration to allow
     surgical navigation by using electromagnetic tracking technology.

         It links patient anatomy (using a patient reference) and instruments in the real world or “patient
     space” to patient scan data or “image space”. This allows for the continuous localization of medical
     instruments and patient anatomy for medical interventions in cranial procedures. It uses the same
     software infrastructure components as the Cranial Navigation, and the software is also installed on
    IGS platforms consisting of a mobile monitor cart and an EM tracking unit. It consists of:

          •   Different software modules for instrument set up, registration and navigation (Main
              software: Cranial EM 1.1 including several components)
          •  EM IGS platforms (Curve Navigation 17700 and Kick 2 Navigation Station EM)
          •   Surgical instruments for navigation, patient referencing and registration


         It uses the same artificial intelligence/machine learning algorithm as Cranial Navigation to support
     the registration step by allowing a pre-registration based on guide points/landmarks.


 3.  Substantial Equivalence

510(k) Summary                     Cranial Navigation and Cranial EM

K223288 Page 4 of 8


    COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE

     Cranial Navigation:

      Characteristic        Primary Predicate        Secondary Predicate          Subject device
                           K192703                K162929
      Indications   for  The  Cranial IGS System,  The  Stryker  Navigation  Compared   to   primary
     use            when   used   with   a  System,     with     the   predicate  same   cranial
                       compatible    navigation  CranialMap     software   resection      indications.
                       platform and compatible   application, is intended as   Craniofacial    indications
                       instrument accessories, is   a      planning     and  are newly added and are
                       intended  as  an  image-   intraoperative   guidance   equivalent     to     the
                      guided   planning   and  system to enable open or  secondary predicate.
                        navigation   system   to  percutaneous  computer
                       enable navigated surgery.   assisted surgery.
                                   It links instruments to a  The system is indicated for
                            virtual  computer  image  any medical condition in
                      space on  patient image  which   the   use    of
                       data    that     is   being  computer-assisted
                       processed    by     the  planning and surgery may
                        navigation platform.       be    appropriate.   The
                     The system is indicated for  system can be used for
                     any medical condition in   intraoperative   guidance
                     which a reference to a  where a reference to a
                             rigid anatomical structure   rigid anatomical structure
                      can be identified           can be identified.
                           relative  to  images  (CT,  The  system  should  be
                       CTA, X-Ray, MR, MRA and  operated only by trained
                        ultrasound)     of    the  personnel    such     as
                     anatomy, including:        surgeons and clinic staff.
                     • Cranial Resection        The system assists in the
                                   - Resection of tumors and   positioning of instruments
                       other lesions                 for   cranial  procedures,
                                   - Resection of skull-base   including:
                    tumor or other lesions         - Cranial biopsies
                                   - AVM Resection               - Puncture of abscesses
                     • Cranial biopsies               - Craniotomies
                     •   Intracranial  catheter    - Craniectomies
                      placement                         - Resection of tumors and
                     • Intranasal structures and  other lesions
                        Paranasal Sinus Surgery       -  Removal   of   foreign
                                   - Functional endoscopic   objects
                         sinus surgery (FESS)            - Skull base procedures
                                   -  Revision &  distorted    - Transnasal neurosurgical
                    anatomy    surgery     all  procedures
                          intranasal structures and    - Transphenoidal pituitary
                        paranasal sinuses           surgery
                                                                         -    Shunt    placement,
                                                      including pediatric shunt
                                              placement


510(k) Summary                     Cranial Navigation and Cranial EM

K223288 Page 5 of 8

                                                                         - Placement of electrodes
                                                        for recording, stimulation
                                           and lesion generation
                                                                         - Endoscopic Sinus Surgery
                                                       (ESS)
                                                                         - Intranasal procedures
                                                                         - Ear implant procedures
                                                                         - Craniofacial procedures
                                                                         -   Skull   reconstruction
                                                procedures
                                                                         -       Orbital       cavity
                                                    reconstruction
                                                procedures
     Mechanism   of   Infrared tracking camera is   Active   wireless   optical  Same     as     primary
     Action             recognizing       infrared   tracking via infrared  (IR)   predicate,    similar    to
                        passive markers          LED  signal  detection by  secondary      predicate
                       Instrument   tracking   in  the  camera.  Instrument   device.
                          relation  to the  patients   tracking in relation to the
                     anatomy.                   patients anatomy.
     System accuracy  Mean navigation accuracy  Mean navigation accuracy  Same
                         of ±2 mm and angular axis   of ±2 mm and angular axis
                       displacement of ±2⁰        displacement of ±2⁰
     Supported         CT, CTA, MR, MRA, US and   CT, CTA, MR, MRA, MRI,  Same as primary predicate
     imaging          PET                        fMRI, DTI, PET and SPECT   and similar to secondary
      modalities                                                                predicate
     Programming     C++   and   C#    (user  C and C++                    Similar  to  both,  subject
     language           interface)                                             device uses HTML5 for GUI
     Operating         Microsoft Windows 7,     Windows XP Embedded   Similar.  Win   8.1  and
     System           Microsoft Windows 8.1     (SPC 3.0)               Win10 are used to have
                                         Windows 8.1 (SPC3.1)        latest technology.
                                                     Off the shelf (OTS) Service
                                               Pack 3
      Align  views  to  Detection of abnormities  N/A                   Compared to the primary
     view    centroid  based on an atlas of the                              predicate  device,  overall
     with  abnormity  human anatomy to allow a                                 functionality is the same,
     detection        more         convenient                            but  the  abnormity   is
                        centering of views.                                   detected  by  an  AI/ML
                                                                      based method.  If not  all
                                                                          requirements are met the
                                                                              previous detection based
                                                                 on an atlas of the human
                                                                  anatomy  is  used,  as  a
                                                                                           fallback.
                                                                                 Testing    demonstrated
                                                                                        that, both precision and
                                                                                             recall  of  the  ML-based
                                                                method  are  higher   in
                                                                       comparison to the atlasbased method. Thus, the
                                                                      change   in  functionality
                                                                      does not yield any new
                                                                          concerns regarding safety

510(k) Summary                     Cranial Navigation and Cranial EM

K223288 Page 6 of 8

                                                                   and effectiveness of the
                                                                                   device.
     Detection     of  Detection  of  anatomical  N/A                   Compared to the primary
     anatomical       landmarks based on an                              predicate  device,  overall
     landmarks/guide   atlas   of   the  human                                 functionality is the same,
      points           anatomy.                                           but landmarks (used for
                                                                                     calculation   of  a   preregistration) are delivered
                                                                     by a AI/ML based method.
                                                                                 Testing    demonstrated
                                                                             there  are  no  concerns
                                                                               regarding   safety   and
                                                                                     effectiveness.
     IGS Platforms      Curve,   Kick  and  Buzz  The   Stryker   platform   Similar   to   predicates.
                        Navigation  models  are   consists of a computer, a  Modified    and   new
                        used,     consisting    of  monitor, an  IR  camera,  platform models but with
                      computer, touch monitor  and      IO       -Tablet   overall same design and
                    and IR camera.              (input/output).             operating principle.
     Instruments       Instrumentation       for  N/A                  Same instrumentation.
                         patient       referencing,
                          registration         and                          Former    KLS    Martin
                         navigation.                                           Instruments   are  now
                                                                                            legally manufactured by
                      Compatible   instruments                                Brainlab.
                     from KLS Martin.


    Accessory Automatic Registration iMRI:


      Characteristic             Primary Predicate K192703                   Subject device
     Supported  image  MR                             Same
      modalities
     Supported           Optical  standard   pointer,  Softouch,   Similar.   Subject  device   restricts
     instruments          calibrated instrument                    support to optical standard pointer
                                                         and the Softouch Pointer
     Workflow steps      Data selection, registration calculation,  Same steps with updated GUI.
                              verify result and adjustments if needed.
     Hardware           Matrix and adapter                         Similar matrix and adapter. Different
                                                                  design with same characteristics.
      Structure             Functionality as a feature within the  Separate application as an accessory
                            Cranial 3.1 application                    to the navigation.


     Cranial EM System:


      Characteristic               Third Predicate K213989                     Subject device
      Indications for use    Cranial EM  is intended as an image-  Same
                         guided planning and navigation system
                          to enable neurosurgery procedures.

510(k) Summary                     Cranial Navigation and Cranial EM

K223288 Page 7 of 8

                       The device is indicated for any medical
                           condition in which a reference to a rigid
                         anatomical structure can be identified
                              relative to images (CT, CTA, X-Ray, MR,
                 MRA and ultrasound) of the anatomy,
                        such as:
                           •Cranial Resection
                            -Resection of tumors and other lesions
                            -Resection  of  skull-base  tumor  or
                         other lesions
                             •Intracranial catheter placement
           Tracking        Electromagnetic tracking             Same
         technology
      System accuracy   Mean navigation accuracy of ±2 mm and  Same
                          angular axis displacement of ±2⁰
         Functionality      Functionality   for   device   set   up,  Same
                             registration and navigation.
       Programming     C++                             Same
          language
         Detection of      Detection  of  anatomical  landmarks  Compared  to  the  predicate  device,
         anatomical      based  on  an  atlas  of  the human   overall functionality  is the same, but
      landmarks/guide   anatomy.                             landmarks (used  for  pre-registration)
            points                                                are  delivered  by  an  AI/ML  based
            (in surface                                         method.
         matching                                                 Testing  demonstrated  there  are no
          registration)                                            concerns    regarding    safety   and
                                                                        effectiveness.
    EM IGS Platforms   Curve  Navigation 17700 and  Kick 2  Same
                          Navigation Station EM
         Instruments      Instrumentation for patient referencing,  Same instrumentation.
                             registration and navigation.            Former KLS Martin Instruments are now
                        Compatible 3rd party instruments from   legally manufactured by Brainlab.
                        KLS Martin.


 4.  Performance Data

    The following testing was conducted on the Subject Device to establish substantial equivalence
     with the predicate devices:

     Software Verification and Validation Testing
     Software verification and validation testing were conducted and documentation was provided as
    recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
     Premarket Submissions for Software Contained  in Medical Devices.” This included product
      specifications, risk analysis or incremental test strategies. The software for this device was
     considered as a “major” level of concern.

     For the two features now implemented using AI/ML (landmark detection in the pre-registration step
    and centering of views if no instrument is tracked to the detected abnormity), performance testing

510(k) Summary                     Cranial Navigation and Cranial EM

K223288 Page 8 of 8

     comparing conventional to machine learning based landmark detection and abnormity detection
    were performed showing equivalent performance as in the predicate device.

     Usability Evaluation
    Summative usability was carried out according to the standard IEC 62366‐1 “Medical devices – Part
       1: Application of usability engineering to medical devices” in a simulated clinical environment for
     the new Craniofacial indication.

    System accuracy testing
    The positional and angular navigation accuracy for cranial procedures of the Subject Device
     including the software, the platforms and the instruments was evaluated  considering a realistic
      clinical setup and representative worst case scenarios. The results show the following acceptance
      criteria are fulfilled:
     •  Mean Positional Error of the placed instrument’s tip ≤ 2 mm
     •  Mean Angular Error of the placed instrument’s axis ≤ 2°

     Electrical safety and electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)
     Compliance to electrical safety, RFID and EMC was evaluated on the Subject device according to
     the standards: IEC 60601-1, AIM 7351731 and IEC 60601-1-2.

     Instruments
     Instruments verification included:
     •   Biocompatibility assessment
     •   Cleaning and disinfection evaluation/reprocessing
     •   Mechanical properties of instruments
     •   Aging performance
     •  MRI testing (where applicable)

    No clinical testing was needed for the Subject Device.

 5.  Conclusion

    The comparison of the Subject Device with the predicate devices shows that Cranial Navigation and
       its accessory Automatic Registration iMRI and Cranial EM System have similar functionality,
     intended use and technological characteristics as the predicate device(s). Based on the comparison
      to the predicates and the performance testing conducted,  the Subject Device is considered
      substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.


510(k) Summary                     Cranial Navigation and Cranial EM