April 21, 2023
Elaitra Ltd
℅ Stephen Morrell
Managing Director
8B Buckland Crescent, Belsize Park
London, NW3 5DX
UNITED KINGDOM

Re: K223501
    Trade/Device Name: ViewFinder Software Version 1.1
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: March 23, 2023
    Received: March 24, 2023

Dear Stephen Morrell:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223501 - Stephen Morrell                                                             Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,

                    Yanna S. Kang -S

                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                          and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K223501
Device Name
ViewFinder Software (Version 1.1)
Indications for Use (Describe)
ViewFinder is a dedicated softcopy review environment for both screening and diagnostic digital breast tomosynthesis. Its
user interface and workflow have been optimized to support qualified interpreting physicians in both screening and
diagnostic reading. Efficiency and reading quality are supported by various specialized features. ViewFinder provides
visualization and image enhancement tools to aid a qualified interpreting physician in the review of digital breast
tomosynthesis datasets. The qualified interpreting physician is responsible for making the diagnosis of the images
presented.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
&X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) {_] Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Summary:  K223501

Company:                     Elaitra Ltd
                       8B Buckland Crescent, Belsize Park
                         London, NW3 5DX, UK

Date Prepared:               April 20, 2023

This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in
accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR § 807.92.

        1.  Submitter

          Importer / Distributor:
         To be determined
          Establishment Registration Number:

          Location of Manufacturing Site:
         8B Buckland Crescent, Belsize Park
          London, NW3 5DX, UK
          Establishment Registration Number:

        2.  Contact Person:
         Stephen Morrell
           Chief Executive Officer
            Elaitra Ltd
         8B Buckland Crescent, Belsize Park
          London, NW3 5DX, UK
          stephen.morrell@kcl.ac.uk
         +44 ( 777) 180-6100 (UK)
         +1 (347) 796 -4466 (USA)

          Alternate Contact Person:
          Michael Hütel
         FLAT B, 183 Haverstock Hill
          London, NW3 4QS, UK
          michael.hutel@kcl.ac.uk

        3.  Device Name and Classification
          Trade Name:                  ViewFinder Software Version 1.1
            Classification Name:           Medical image management and processing
         system
            Classification Panel:            Radiology
          Intended Submission Type:      510(k) Traditional
            Classification Regulation:       21 CFR §892.2050
          Device Class:                    Class II


                                     ViewFinder, by Elaitra Ltd                             1

ViewFinder 510(k) Summary


                  Product Code:               QIH
                   Level of Concern             Moderate

        Predicate
                 4.  Legally Marketed Predicate Device
                  Trade/Device Name:   MAMMOVISTA B.smart
                   510(k) number:        K212621 (Cleared November 12, 2021)
                     Classification Name:     Medical image management and processing system
                     Classification Panel:      Radiology
                     Classification Regulation: 21 CFR §892.2050
                  Device Class:                     II
                  Product Code:           LLZ
                   Level of Concern       Moderate

       Device Description:
                 5.  Description Summary
                 ViewFinder is software which displays two Digital Breast Tomosynthesis (DBT)
                  views of the same breast and dynamically indicates correlated (matched) tissue.
                The benefit is that clinicians can compare matched tissue quickly and with less
                    cognitive load.

                            It works by simulating the tissue movements between Cranio-Caudal (CC) and
                  Medio-Lateral Oblique (MLO) compressions and views for a gross approximation
                   of tissue matching, followed by a second fine tuning using locked Artificial
                    Intelligence (AI). Users operate the device by pointing the cursor at tissue in one
                 view and ViewFinder indicates the matching tissue in the other view.

                 ViewFinder is a standalone software application or can be integrated into
                  medical image management and processing systems. ViewFinder is an image
                  viewing and processing software environment dedicated to breast image display.

                            It is designed to provide the performance required for the high data volume of
                 DBT.

                 ViewFinder runs on a PC and can be used for digital breast tomosynthesis image
                  review together with monitors cleared for mammography diagnostics.

                 6.  Indications for Use:
                 ViewFinder is a dedicated softcopy review environment for both screening and
                   diagnostic digital breast tomosynthesis. Its user interface and workflow have
                been optimized to support qualified interpreting physicians in both screening
                and diagnostic reading. Efficiency and reading quality are supported by various
                    specialized features. ViewFinder provides visualization and image enhancement
                    tools to aid a qualified interpreting physician in the review of digital breast
                  tomosynthesis datasets. The qualified interpreting physician is responsible for
                making the diagnosis of the images presented.


ViewFinder 510(k) Summary                                       April 19th, 2023                                       Page 2

ViewFinder 510(k) Summary

                Comparison
                The Indications for Use statement for ViewFinder is not identical to the predicate
                   device; however, the differences do not alter the intended use of the device, nor
               do they affect the safety and effectiveness of the device relative to the predicate.
                 Both the subject and predicate devices have the same intended use for assisting
                  reading DBT and mammogram images.

        Substantial Equivalence
                 7.  Substantial Equivalence:
                  Refer to the Predicate Comparison Table below.

                 ViewFinder Software is substantially equivalent to the commercially available
             MAMMOVISTA B.smart software (K212621, cleared November 12, 2021).

                The device remains within the same classification regulation for the same
                  technology as the predicate device. The new software design was completed in
                 accordance with Quality Management System Design Controls under IEC 62304.
                The scope of internationally recognized standards compliance includes those
                  recognized at the time of the design of the software.

                The intended use of the subject device is a subset of the predicate’s intended
                   use. The predicate has an identical feature (Link Views, chapter 6 of the Operator
                 Manual) to the subject device as well as many other additional features
                  (segmentation tools, magnifier, movie mode, viewing Computer Aided Detection
                and Decision Support, etc. as described in the remaining 12 chapters). Therefore,
                  the intended use differences pose no additional safety or effectiveness concerns.

                 8. Summary of Technological Characteristics of the Subject Device as Compared
                 with the Predicate Device:
                 ViewFinder Software is a software-only solution to run on compatible client
                   server environment together with monitor displays cleared for Mammography.

                The predicate device includes a feature called “Link Views” which matches
                    correlating tissue between two 3D (DBT) images. (It also matches tissue between
              2D and 3D images).

                The predicate device has features which the subject device does not. These
                   include interactive decision support powered by Artificial Intelligence by
                  Transpara™, ScreenPoint Medical.

                The following table compares the main performance data of the subject device
                  with the predicate device.


ViewFinder 510(k) Summary                                       April 19th, 2023                                       Page 3

ViewFinder 510(k) Summary


       Comparison Table
       Comparison of the Subject Device (ViewFinder Software Version 1.1) to Predicate Device
      (MAMMOVISTA B.smart)

          Feature         Subject device           Predicate device        Comparison     Impact to
                                                (K212621)                                Safety &
                                                                                                 Effectiveness
           Regulation      System, image           System, image           Equivalent     None
           Description      processing, radiological   processing, radiological
          Device name    ViewFinder Software   MAMMOVISTA           Different       None
         and version (K   Version 1.1             B.smart Software
         number)
           Regulation      21 CFR 892.2050        21 CFR 892.2050         Equivalent     None
        Number
            Classification    QIH                     LLZ                      Equivalent     None
          Product Code
          Manufacturer    Elaitra Ltd               Siemens. Medical         Different       None
                                                   Systems, Inc.            manufacturer
           Indications for   ViewFinder is a       MAMMOVISTA B.smart   Equivalent     None
         Use             dedicated softcopy          is a dedicated
                          review environment for  softcopy review        The subject
                         both screening and      environment for both    device is more
                             diagnostic digital breast  screening and              explicit.
                           tomosynthesis.           diagnostic
                                        mammography as well
                                                    as digital breast
                                                   tomosynthesis.

                                    Its user interface and      Its user interface and    The predicate
                         workflow have been     workflow have been      device includes
                          optimized to support     optimized to support     multi-modality
                              qualified interpreting     experienced            images (e.g.,
                            physicians in both      mammography and     MRI and
                           screening and           tomosynthesis            ultrasound).
                             diagnostic reading.       reviewers in both
                               Efficiency and reading    screening and
                              quality are supported     diagnostic reading.
                        by various specialized     Efficiency and reading
                             features.                  quality are supported
                                              by various specialized
                                                        features.

                          ViewFinder provides    MAMMOVISTA B.smart
                               visualization and image   provides visualization
                       enhancement tools to   and image
                             aid a qualified          enhancement tools to
                             interpreting physician    aid a qualified
                               in the review of digital    radiologist in the
                            breast tomosynthesis    review of digital
                             datasets. The qualified   mammography and
                             interpreting physician     digital breast
                                      is responsible for        tomosynthesis
                                                       datasets, as well as


ViewFinder 510(k) Summary                                       April 19th, 2023                                       Page 4

ViewFinder 510(k) Summary


          Feature         Subject device           Predicate device        Comparison     Impact to
                                                (K212621)                                Safety &
                                                                                                 Effectiveness
                        making the diagnosis of   other modalities of
                          the images presented.    breast images.
           Architecture      Client / server             Client / server            Equivalent     None
                         environment           environment
           Display of 3rd   No                     Yes                   The subject     None
           party                                                         has fewer
         Computer                                                          functions
          Aided
           Diagnostics
          (CAD) markers
           Display and      Yes                    Yes                      Equivalent     None
           processing of
        DBT images
        DICOM 3.0      Yes                    Yes                      Equivalent     None
        DICOM                    MG (Digital            The subject     None
          compatible                        Mammography X-Ray)   has an
           modalities    MG Tomo         MG Tomo                additional
                      (Mammography        (Mammography         conformant
                         Tomosynthesis images)   Tomosynthesis images)   modality
                    DICOM DSR        MR (Magnetic            storing tissue
                         (Deformable Spatial      Resonance)               correlation.
                              Registration)          US (Ultrasound)
                                                                  The subject
                                                                         omits MR and
                                                             US
           Display of      No                     Yes                   The subject     None
           breast density                                                 has fewer
           values                                                              functions
             Ipsilateral DBT   Yes                    Yes                      Equivalent     None
            tissue
            registration
        DBT               Finite Element Model     Finite Element Model     ViewFinder’s    No detrimental
           Registration     and Deep Learning                          Deep Learning   impact
          Algorithms                                                   improves
                                                                           accuracy
         Measurements   Distance                 Distance and angle      The subject    No detrimental
                       measurements         measurements           device          impact
                                                                            excludes angle
                                                                  measurements
          Supported      Only DBTs produced on  No restriction given for   The subject     None
         Image            Hologic’s Selenia        manufacturer or         device is
          Generating      Dimensions and GE      model.                    restricted to
          Manufacturers   Healthcare’s SenoClaire                         fewer
         and Models     and Senographe                                manufacturers
                               Pristina                                    and models. It
                                                                     does not
                                                                           process
                                                                        combinations
                                                                     which are out
                                                                                of scope.


ViewFinder 510(k) Summary                                       April 19th, 2023                                       Page 5

ViewFinder 510(k) Summary


        Conclusion Regarding Differences
        There are no differences between the subject device and the predicate(s) with respect to
         indications and intended use which impact safety and effectiveness.

                 9. Summary of Non-Clinical Tests:

                    Non-clinical tests were conducted for the ViewFinder software during product
                 development. The ViewFinder software conforms to the following voluntary
                   standards:

                      Standards Reference Number and      Title of Standard
                    Date
                      ISO 14971: 2019                    Medical devices – application of risk management
                                                            to medical devices
                        IEC 62304:2006/A1:2016             Medical device software - Software life cycle
                                                           processes
                NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20 2016                Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine
                                                    (DICOM) Set
                        IEC 82304-1: 2016                   Health software – Part 1: General requirements
                                                                  for product safety

                  Software Documentation for a Moderate Level of Concern software per FDA’s
                 Guidance Document Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for
                  Software Contained in Medical Devices, issued on May 11, 2005, is also included
                   as part of this submission.

                     Non-clinical tests (integration and functional) were conducted on the
                  ViewFinder during product development. The risk analysis was completed, and
                       risk controls were implemented, to mitigate identified hazards. The test results
                  support that all the software specifications have met the acceptance criteria.
                     Verification and validation testing were found acceptable to support the claim of
                    substantial equivalence.

                      Elaitra did not conduct any clinical tests for the subject device.

                  ViewFinder uses a registration process to map tissue coordinates from one
                  compression view to the other based on the different view angles during the
                     acquisitions. ViewFinder uses proprietary Artificial Intelligence and Machine
                   Learning algorithms. The algorithms are ‘locked’ so that their output only
                 changes in the laboratory under controlled conditions and do not change in the
                        field. This follows the FDA’s current classification framework for AI and ML
                    algorithms. The algorithm’s predictions only change when a new version of the
                  software is released. The algorithm was trained on a large, diversified set of
              Tomo cases with ground truth annotations made by a consultant radiologist.
                  There was no overlap between training and test data.


ViewFinder 510(k) Summary                                       April 19th, 2023                                       Page 6

ViewFinder 510(k) Summary

                  Supporting Scientific Data
                The scientific data showing that ViewFinder is as safe and effective as the
                   predicate consists of test result data. These are the correct mapping percentage
                 (where the ground truth matching tissue is inside the target area) and a sample
                    of Total Registration Errors (TRE) on a set of 34 lesions for which locations were
                     available. These were selected from a set of 30 diverse cases acquired from
                  assessment clinics at the King’s College Hospital. These cases were selected for
                     their high prevalence of difficult and cancerous cases which makes them suitable
                     for algorithm testing.

                  Primary Performance Metric: Frequency
                The table below shows the stratified ViewFinder performance as measured by
                  the frequency that the ground truth matching tissue is inside the predicted
                   region shown by the oval, stratified by BI-RADS Atlas 5th edition breast density
                     classes A-D and feature size in square millimeters. The count of feature matches
                      in both directions (CC to MLO and MLO to CC) is shown in brackets as the
                  numerator, with the total number of features shown as the denominator. The
                      total number of features is 34 (giving 68 matches including both directions)
                 which exceeds the number of cases because some cases have more than one
                    feature. The total number of patients was 28. It is, therefore, more appropriate
                   to measure performance by feature than by case. The minimum performance
                   threshold is 70% which is exceeded in aggregate and for the majority of
                  subgroups.

                The most relevant clinical subgroups and confounders are breast density and
                   feature size, for which performances are shown separately in the performance
                    table below.

           Frequency that ground truth is                              Density
                      inside oval (n)
             Cancer        Feature Size         A           B            C          D        Grand Total
              Status         (mm^2)
              All Patients  0 - 40                  1.000 (1/1)  0.739 (17/23)       1.000 (7/7)     0.000 (0/)    0.806 (25/31)
                      40 - 200                1.000 (1/1)    0.700 (7/10)       1.000 (1/1)     0.000 (0/)      0.750 (9/12)
                        200- 500                0.000 (0/)     1.000 (3/3)       1.000 (5/5)    1.000 (2/2)    1.000 (10/10)
                      >500                   1.000 (2/2)     1.000 (6/6)       0.857 (6/7)     0.000 (0/)    0.933 (14/15)
                           Total                  1.000 (4/4)  0.786 (33/42)    0.950 (19/20)    1.000 (2/2)    0.853 (58/68)
                    Number of cases               2           16              9            1             28


                   Patient Age Distribution
                The test set has a median age of 58 years and 6 months, slightly lower than the
                   mid-point of the UK screening age range of 50 - 70 years. This is shown in the
                     figure below. It is consistent with the screening age recommendations in the
                 USA: “The United States Preventive Services Task Force USPSTF recommends
                    that women who are 50 to 74 years old and are at average risk for breast cancer


ViewFinder 510(k) Summary                                       April 19th, 2023                                       Page 7

ViewFinder 510(k) Summary


                   get a mammogram every two years. Women who are 40 to 49 years” have an
                    option. (Source: https://www.cdc.gov/cancer/breast/basic_info/screening.htm.)


              Figure: Histogram of patient ages at scan showing consistency with USA screening
                                                   guidelines.

                 Race
                The distribution of race between the target population (USA) and the Test Set is
                      sufficiently similar that it would not preclude generalization as shown in the
                    figure below.

                The gender of the test set is all women which is consistent with the population of
                   patients in the USA as recommended for the subject device.


                                     Figure: Race distribution comparison


ViewFinder 510(k) Summary                                       April 19th, 2023                                       Page 8

ViewFinder 510(k) Summary


                The test data collection resulted in a test set which consists of 34 CC-MLO pairs
                    of key points in 30 cases acquired from assessment clinics at the King’s College
                    Hospital (KCH) from April 2018 to November 2021. These cases were selected
                     for their diversity of diagnoses whose diversity makes them suitable for both
              human training and algorithm testing. The key points were identified by an
                   expert radiologist at KCH.

                Ground truth annotations were made by an expert radiologist.

               Upon completion of the Radiologist’s annotations, a technical review was
                 conducted through visualization, checking bounding box placement, tissue
                  matches, and that the sequence numbers and pairing were consistent.

                  Regarding the details for training data: the training data consisted of two
                   datasets consisting of FFDMs drawn from both screening and screening
                  assessment cases and 660 Tomos which were drawn from assessments. The
                 images include two views of each breast, viz. Cranio-caudal and Medio-lateral
                    oblique. The annotations included bounding boxes around landmark tissue. The
                     finding class was used during pre-training (cancerous, benign or normal) with
                      significant representation in each class.

                The correct mapping percentage and TREs were from comparisons between
                 ground truths and ViewFinder’s predictions in both registration directions (CC to
             MLO and vice versa).


               10. General Safety and Effectiveness Concerns:
                     Instructions for use are included within the device labeling and the information
                  provided will enable the user to operate the device in a safe and effective
                 manner. Several safety features including visual and audible warnings are
                   incorporated into the system design.

                    Risk management is ensured via a hazard analysis which is used to identify
                    potential hazards. These potential hazards are controlled via software
                  development, verification, and validation testing.

                  Furthermore, the operators are qualified healthcare professionals familiar with
                and responsible for the review of digital mammography images and digital
                   breast tomosynthesis datasets.

               11. Regulatory History
                 There is no regulatory history for this device or this company with the FDA.

                     In the UK, the device was registered as a Class I Device with the Medicines and
                  Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) in October 2021.


ViewFinder 510(k) Summary                                       April 19th, 2023                                       Page 9

ViewFinder 510(k) Summary

               12. Conclusion as to Substantial Equivalence:
                The ViewFinder’s Indication for Use is similar to that of the predicate device. The
                   operating environment and software design are similar. Image display devices
                   (monitors) with the same or similar specifications will be used to display the
               mammography images.

                     Verification and validation testing demonstrate that the ViewFinder performs as
                   intended. The non-clinical test data demonstrate that the ViewFinder device
                 performance is comparable to the predicate device that is currently marketed
                     for the same intended use.

                            It is Elaitra’s opinion that the ViewFinder does not introduce any new potential
                    safety risks and is substantially equivalent to the predicate.

               13. Guidance documents
                The following FDA guidance documents were utilized in this Premarket
                     Notification:

                 Content of Premarket Submission for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical
                  Devices - Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff
               Document Issued on October 2, 2014

                 Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff - Guidance for the Content of Premarket
                  Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices
               Document issued on May 11, 2005

                  Appropriate Use of Voluntary Consensus Standards in Premarket Submissions for
                 Medical Devices - Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff
               Document issued on September 14, 2018.

                The 510(k) Program: Evaluation Substantial Equivalent in Premarket Notifications
                   510(k) - Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff.
               Document issued on July 28, 2014.

                   Off-The-Shelf Software Use in Medical Devices - Guidance for Industry and Food
                and Drug Administration Staff
               Document issued on September 27, 2019.


ViewFinder 510(k) Summary                                       April 19th, 2023                                      Page 10