May 23, 2023
Ceribell, Inc.
Raymond Woo, Ph.D.
Chief Technology Officer
360 N Pastoria Ave.
Sunnyvale, CA 94085


Re: K223504
    Trade/Device Name:  Ceribell Status Epilepticus Monitor
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.1400
    Regulation Name: Electroencephalograph
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: OMB
    Dated: April 28, 2023
    Received: April 28, 2023

Dear Raymond Woo:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223504 - Raymond Woo                                                              Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                      Patrick Antkowiak -S

                                                Patrick Antkowiak, Ph.D.
                                           Acting Assistant Director
                                 DHT5A: Division of Neurosurgical,
                                                Neurointerventional
                                           and Neurodiagnostic Devices
                                  OHT5: Office of Neurological
                                           and Physical Medicine Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K223504

Device Name
Ceribell Status Epilepticus Monitor


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Ceribell Status Epilepticus Monitor software is indicated for the diagnosis of Electrographic Status Epilepticus in
patients greater than or equal to 18 years of age who are at risk for seizure. The Ceribell Status Epilepticus Monitor
software analyzes EEG waveforms and identifies patterns that may be consistent with electrographic status epilepticus as
defined in the American Clinical Neurophysiology Society’s Guideline 14.

The diagnostic output of the Ceribell Status Epilepticus Monitor is intended to be used as an aid for determining patient
treatment in acute-care environments. The device’s diagnosis of Electrographic Status Epilepticus provides one input to
the clinician that is intended to be used in conjunction with other elements of clinical practice to determine the appropriate
treatment course for the patient.

The Ceribell Status Epilepticus Monitor is intended for diagnosis of Electrographic Status Epilepticus only. The device
does not substitute for the review of the underlying EEG by a qualified clinician with respect to any other types of
pathological EEG patterns. The device is not intended for use in Epilepsy Monitoring Units.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary
This summary of 510(k)-safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the
requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

Applicant Information:

Ceribell, Inc.
360 N Pastoria Ave
Sunnyvale, CA 94085

Contact Person:

Raymond Woo, Ph.D.
CTO
Telephone:  (650) 556-4349
E-mail: ray@ceribell.com

Subject Device Information:

Trade Name:           Ceribell Status Epilepticus Monitor
Classification Name:   Electroencephalograph
Device Class:              II; 21 CFR 882.1400
Product Code:     OMB
OMB Device:         Automatic Event Detection Software for Full-Montage Electroencephalograph

Predicate Device:

K191301
Ceribell Pocket EEG Device
882.1400, OMB (automatic event detection software for full-montage electroencephalograph), OMC,
GWQ

Date Prepared:

May 18, 2023

Device Description:

The Ceribell Status Epilepticus Monitor is a software as medical device that analyzes EEG waveforms for
the intended use of recognizing electrographic status epilepticus (ESE). The subject device software is
intended for use only with the Ceribell Pocket EEG Device (K191301), which is also the predicate device.
The predicate device contains a software module that performs detection of seizures in a similar manner
as the subject device. The user workflow and instructions for starting an EEG recording on a patient are
unchanged compared to the predicate device.

The user places the Ceribell Instant EEG Headband (K210805) on the patient, the headband contains 10
electrodes that are arranged in a bipolar montage and correspond to the following locations following the

                                      1

10-20 electrode naming convention: Fp1, F7, T3, T5, O1, Fp2, F8, T3, T6, O2. The 10 electrodes form 8
channels (4 on the left hemisphere, 4 on the right hemisphere) that are analyzed by the subject device’s
ESE detection algorithm. The American Clinical Neurophysiology Society’s (ACNS) Guideline 14
(“Standardized Critical Care EEG Terminology: 2021 Edition”) defines ESE as follows:

        ESE is defined as an ESz [electrographic seizure] for ≥ 10 continuous minutes or
             for a total duration of ≥ 20% of any 60-minute period of recording.

By definition, ESE is a finding that is based solely on the characteristics of the subject’s EEG
waveforms. The are no other clinical considerations or sources of clinical information that are
used in the determination of ESE. The subject device is intended for use in the recognition of ESE
in acute care environments only. The absence of a detection of ESE by the subject device does
not preclude the possibility that seizures, other epileptiform patterns, or other pathologies are
present in the EEG recording. The device does not substitute for the review of the underlying
EEG by a qualified clinician with respect to any other types of pathological EEG patterns.


Intended Use

The Ceribell Status Epilepticus Monitor is a software as medical device that is intended to analyze EEG
recordings captured with the Ceribell Pocket EEG Device and the Ceribell Instant EEG Headband and
diagnose electrographic status epilepticus in patients greater than or equal to 18 years of age who are at
risk for seizure. The software analyzes EEG waveforms and identifies patterns that may be consistent
with electrographic status epilepticus as defined in the American Clinical Neurophysiology Society’s
Guideline 14.

The diagnostic output of the Ceribell Status Epilepticus Monitor is intended to be used as an aid for
determining patient treatment in acute-care environments. The device’s diagnosis of Electrographic Status
Epilepticus provides one input to the clinician that is intended to be used in conjunction with other
elements of clinical practice to determine the appropriate treatment course for the patient.

The Ceribell Status Epilepticus Monitor is intended for diagnosis of Electrographic Status Epilepticus
only. The device does not substitute for the review of the underlying EEG by a qualified clinician with
respect to any other types of pathological EEG patterns. The device is not intended for use in Epilepsy
Monitoring Units.


Comparison of Intended Use and Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device:

The subject device is substantially equivalent to the seizure detection module of the predicate device in
terms of intended use, operating principles, and design. The subject device and predicate devices both
contain algorithms to detect electrographic seizures, and in both the subject device and predicate device the
design of the electrographic seizure detection is the same. Then the subject device additionally processes
the electrographic seizure detections to make a determination regarding ESE. The ESE determination serves
as the final output of the subject device. The device output is binary: ESE is either detected or not detected.


                                      2

Table 1. Comparison between the subject device and predicate device.

   Attribute          Subject Device                                             Predicate Device
                        Ceribell Status Epilepticus Monitor                               Ceribell Pocket EEG Device (K191301)
   Intended Use      The Ceribell Status Epilepticus Monitor is a software as       The Ceribell Pocket EEG Device is a portable EEG monitoring
                     medical device that is intended to analyze EEG recordings     system that records, stores and presents EEG signals in
                     captured with the Ceribell Pocket EEG Device and the           visual and audible formats in real time. The visual and
                         Ceribell Instant EEG Headband and diagnose                  audible signals assist trained medical staff to make
                       electrographic status epilepticus in patients greater than       neurological diagnoses. The Pocket EEG Device EEG
                      or equal to 18 years of age who are at risk for seizure. The     Recording Viewer software incorporates a seizure detection
                      software analyzes EEG waveforms and identifies patterns     component is intended to analyze EEG recordings captured
                       that may be consistent with electrographic status             with the Ceribell Pocket EEG Device and identify areas that
                        epilepticus as defined in the American Clinical             may correspond to electrographic seizures in patients
                     Neurophysiology Society’s Guideline 14.                      greater or equal to 18 years of age. The Pocket EEG Device
                                                                                      seizure detection module is not intended to provide clinical
                   The diagnostic output of the Ceribell Status Epilepticus        conclusions about the subject’s condition and the output of
                    Monitor is intended to be used as an aid for determining      the seizure detection module is intended to be used by
                       patient treatment in acute-care environments. The             qualified clinical practitioners in coordination with other
                        device’s diagnosis of Electrographic Status Epilepticus            clinical observations.
                      provides one input to the clinician that is intended to be
                    used in conjunction with other elements of clinical practice
                       to determine the appropriate treatment course for the
                         patient.

                   The Ceribell Status Epilepticus Monitor is intended for
                       diagnosis of Electrographic Status Epilepticus only. The
                      device does not substitute for the review of the underlying
                  EEG by a qualified clinician with respect to any other types
                       of pathological EEG patterns. The device is not intended
                         for use in Epilepsy Monitoring Units.

   Indications for     The Ceribell Status Epilepticus Monitor software is           The Ceribell Pocket EEG Device is intended to record and
  Use                 indicated for the diagnosis of Electrographic Status            store EEG signals, and to present the EEG signals in visual
                        Epilepticus in patients greater than or equal to 18 years of    and audible formats in real time. The visual and audible
                    age who are at risk for seizure. The Ceribell Status              signals assist trained medical staff to make neurological
                        Epilepticus Monitor software analyzes EEG waveforms and     diagnoses. The Pocket EEG Device is intended to be used in
                          identifies patterns that may be consistent with               a professional healthcare facility environment.
                       electrographic status epilepticus as defined in the
                    American Clinical Neurophysiology Society’s Guideline 14.      Additionally, the EEG Recording Viewer Software
                                                                    component of the Pocket EEG Device incorporates a Seizure
                   The diagnostic output of the Ceribell Status Epilepticus        Detection component that is intended to mark previously
                    Monitor is intended to be used as an aid for determining       acquired sections of EEG recordings in patients greater than
                       patient treatment in acute-care environments. The            or equal to 18 years of age that may correspond to
                        device’s diagnosis of Electrographic Status Epilepticus          electrographic seizures in order to assist qualified clinical
                      provides one input to the clinician that is intended to be        practitioners in the assessment of EEG traces. The Seizure
                    used in conjunction with other elements of clinical practice    Detection component provides notifications to the user
                       to determine the appropriate treatment course for the      when detected seizure prevalence is “Frequent,”
                        patient.                                                 “Abundant,” or “Continuous,” per the definitions of the
                                                                         American Clinical Neurophysiology Society Guideline 14.
                   The Ceribell Status Epilepticus Monitor is intended for          Notifications include an on-screen display on the Pocket EEG
                       diagnosis of Electrographic Status Epilepticus only. The        Device and the optional sending of an e-mail message to a
                      device does not substitute for the review of the underlying      clinician. Delays of up to several minutes can occur between
                  EEG by a qualified clinician with respect to any other types     the beginning of a seizure and when the Seizure Detection
                       of pathological EEG patterns. The device is not intended        notifications will be shown to a user.
                         for use in Epilepsy Monitoring Units.
                                                                       The Pocket EEG Device does not provide any diagnostic
                                                                                  conclusion about the subject's condition and Seizure
                                                                                Detection notifications cannot be used as a substitute for
                                                                                            real time monitoring of the underlying EEG by a trained
                                                                                      expert.
   Intended User     Qualified healthcare professional                              Qualified healthcare professional

                                      3

Attribute          Subject Device                                             Predicate Device
                               Ceribell Status Epilepticus Monitor                               Ceribell Pocket EEG Device (K191301)
        Intended          Patients greater or equal to 18 years of age.                       All ages. The seizure detection module is intended only for
         Patient                                                                          patients greater or equal to 18 years of age.
         population
        Intended          Acute-care environments within professional healthcare       Professional healthcare facility
         Location of Use     facilities


    Performance Data:

    Bench-top verification testing was performed on the subject device. The verification tests were
    completed in accordance with relevant standards and pre-approved protocols to evaluate the safety and
    performance of the subject device, and all tests were passed.

     Table 2. Summary of bench-top verification testing.

Test Description                             Acceptance Criteria                       Test Results

ESE Monitor System Level Test:                  Various functional acceptance criteria        All tests passed.
Integration and system level test that verifies     based on the expected behavior of the
and validates the processing of ESE data and the  system.
display of ESE output (ESE detected/ESE not
detected).
Regression Testing:                             Various functional acceptance criteria        All tests passed.
Per the V&V Summary Report, several test       based on the expected behavior of the
protocols were executed to ensure that the       system.
Status Epilepticus Monitor did not have any
unexpected effect or cause unintended
regressions with the underlying Pocket EEG
Device software.

Because these test reports do not directly verify
any of the subject device software
requirements, all of these regression test
reports are combined into a single appendix for
simplicity.


     Clinical Testing

   A retrospective clinical validation study was performed by analyzing the subject device algorithm’s
    performance using previously-collected EEG data. The objective of the study design was to obtain a
     dataset that is representative of the intended patient population, and this was accomplished by using
     real-world data. The methodology of data collection was as follows:

        •   For each of 6 hospitals of varying size and geographic location:
           o   Collect all clinically performed Ceribell EEGs from a fixed one-year time period
           o  Exclude any EEGs from patients < 18 years of age
           o  There were no other inclusion or exclusion criteria applied


                                         4

•   Categorize each subject as ESE-positive or ESE-negative by having a team of qualified
        neurologists independently review and categorize each EEG; the ground-truth reference
       standard is established by a majority opinion of the expert reviewers


This data collection method resulted in a dataset of 350 subjects representative of the intended patient
population. The demographic distribution of the subjects is shown in the following tables.


Table 3. Validation dataset age demographics showing included and excluded subjects.

    Subject Age (years)        Included        Excluded        Percent of Total
                              Subjects         Subjects        Included Subjects
          < 18                0             3              N/A
          18-20               4             0             1%
          21-30               14             0             4%
          31-40               23             0             7%
          41-50               40             0             11%
          51-60               39             0             11%
          61-70               79             0             23%
          71-80               63             0             18%
          81-90               73             0             21%
          >90                15             0             4%
                      Total:       350            3
   Mean Age of Included       65.3
                 Subjects:


Table 4. Distribution of patient gender in the validation dataset.

      Subject Gender         N          Percent of
                                                 Total

         Male               188          54%

        Female              162          46%

                      Total:       350


The expert neurologist review of the EEGs resulted in a reference-standard dataset that included 10 ESEpositive subjects out of the 350 total subjects. The ESE-negative cases were further subdivided into ESEnegative cases that contained seizure and/or other epileptiform activity versus ESE-negative cases that do
not contain any epileptiform activity. This categorization of the ESE-negative cases is only for data
analysis and benefit-risk analysis purposes. The output of the subject device is only ESE-positive or ESEnegative.


                                      5

Table 5. Expert neurologist reference standard categorization of the validation dataset.

      Ground-Truth Classification         N

               ESE-positive                  10

  ESE-negative: contains seizures and/or       94
       other epileptiform activity

   ESE-negative: does not contain any        246
           epileptiform activity

                                     Total:      350


After the clinical validation dataset was compiled, the subject device algorithm was run on the dataset and
the results compared to the reference-standard. The resulting sensitivity was 100% and the specificity was
94%. There were 10 true-positive detections and 0 false-negative detections (100% sensitivity). There
were 319 true-negative detections and 21 false-positive detections (94% specificity). Of the 21 falsepositive detections, 19 were determined by the expert reviewers to contain seizures or other epileptiform
activity.

Because the algorithm performed with 100% sensitivity in a small sample size of 10 ESE true-positive
detections, there are limitations to the utility of calculating 95% confidence interval using the BCa
Bootstrap method (as was done with the predicate device). As a result, two additional confidence interval
calculation methods were also applied: the Wilson interval and the Jeffreys interval.

Table 6. Sensitivity and specificity results of the clinical performance validation along with the 95% confidence interval computed
with three different methodologies.

                  Result     95% Confidence    95% Confidence    95% Confidence
                                      Interval               Interval               Interval
                          BCa Bootstrap          Wilson               Jeffreys
  Sensitivity      100%        [100%, 100%]         [72%, 100%]         [78%, 100%]
  Specificity      94%          [91%, 96%]          [91%, 96%]          [91%, 96%]


Benefit Risk Analysis

Analysis of the benefits and risks of the subject device is performed according to the FDA guidance
document “Benefit-Risk Factors to Consider When Determining Substantial Equivalence in Premarket
Notifications (510(k)) with Different Technological Characteristics.” (September 2018). Ceribell believes
that the submitted performance validation data clearly demonstrates significant benefit of the subject
device due to the magnitude and the probability of the benefit of faster diagnosis of ESE. At the same
time, the identified risks of the subject device are of low probability and low severity, post-mitigation.

The greatest benefits of the subject device are specifically tied to the intended use of diagnosing
electrographic status epilepticus. The maximum benefit of the subject device occurs when ESE is
recognized and diagnosed during the time prior to the availability of a qualified neurologist to perform a

                                      6

full review of the underlying EEG. Initiation of treatment for Status Epilepticus is highly time sensitive,
yet in the standard-of-care workflow it can take 12-24 hours just to get the EEG read by a qualified
neurologist. The diagnosis of ESE provided by the subject device allows administration of first-line antiseizure medications (ASMs) and initiation of other time-sensitive actions to be performed as quickly and
as accurately as possible by the intensivist and other members of the bedside critical care team. At the
same time, the subject device does not replace the full review of the underlying EEG by a qualified
neurologist because pathologies other than ESE may be present in the EEG.

Risks of the subject device can be categorized into risks associated with false-positive detections, falsenegative detections, device malfunctions, or device misuse. In general, these risks are all low in part due
to the fact that in all potential cases of failure of the subject device, the patient remains no worse off
compared to the current standard-of-care, where the intensive care physician is forced to make a treatment
decision without having EEG data available.

Table 7 and Table 8 on the following pages provide a detailed analysis of the benefits and risks of the
subject device.


Conclusion:

The performance demonstrated in the clinical validation study clearly demonstrate that the benefits of the
subject device outweigh the risks.

The Ceribell Status Epilepticus Monitor has the same intended use as the predicate devices. In addition, it
has similar technological characteristics and performance data demonstrates that any differences in
technological characteristics do not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness. Therefore, the
Ceribell Status Epilepticus Monitor is substantially equivalent to the cleared predicate device.


                                      7

Table 7. Benefits analysis of the subject device.

 Benefits                      Magnitude of Benefit                  Probability of Benefit                  Overall Benefit
                                                                                                             Evaluation
 Patient with ESE is treated with   High                              High                               High
 ASMs 12-24 hours faster
 compared to the current         As discussed above, early            The subject device was 100%
 standard-of-care when the         identification and treatment of ESE is   sensitive to ESE in the performance
 subject device correctly           associated with significantly lower      validation study.
  identifies that ESE is present.      morbidity and mortality.

 Patient without ESE avoids      Low                               High                          Low
 unnecessary treatment with
 ASMs when the subject device     Ruling out ESE may avoid            The performance validation study
 correctly determines that ESE is   unnecessary patient treatment.      showed that the subject device had
 not present.                   However, this benefit is “low”       94% specificity.
                               because the use of ASMs in hospital
                                environments is commonplace and
                                      carries relatively low risk because of
                                 the clinicians’ familiarity with
                            management of these medications.


                                                    8

Table 8. Risks analysis of the subject device.

 Risk                    Severity                  Mitigations                            Risk Probability (post-mitigation)          Overall Risk
                                                                                                                                 Evaluation
 False-positive:        Moderate               • The subject device is designed such   Low                             Low
 Subject device                                       that the majority of “false-positive”
 diagnoses ESE when    The use of ASMs in          cases still contain seizures or other   The performance validation study results
 ESE is not present.       controlled hospital         abnormal epileptiform patterns. In   showed there were 21 “false positives”
                       environments (with or       these cases, treatment with ASMs    out of 350 cases (6%) and 19 of the 21
 Patient is treated with   without confirmation of    may still be beneficial to the           “false-positive” cases (90.5%) still
 ASMs even though       seizures through EEG) is      patient.                            contained seizures or other epileptiform
 they are not in status   commonplace and        • Full review of the EEG by a qualified   patterns where treatment with ASMs
 epilepticus               carries relatively low risk     neurologist (potentially 12-24 hours  may still have been beneficial.
                       because of the clinicians’     later) may determine that ASM
                             familiarity with             treatment can be discontinued.
                    management of these
                         medications. As with any
                          sedative medication,
                         there is risk of oversedation.


 False-negative:         High                    • The subject device is designed to be  Low                             Low
 Subject device fails to                                 highly sensitive to minimize the risk
 diagnose ESE when     Delayed treatment of        of “false-negative” cases.           The performance validation study
 ESE is present           status epilepticus results   • The intensivist may still elect to      showed that the subject device was
                             in worse outcomes.          treat the patient with ASMs based   100% sensitive to ESE.
 Treatment with ASMs   However, this scenario is    on other clinical observations; the
  is delayed.              equivalent to the         EEG will still be reviewed by a
                         current standard-of-          qualified neurologist – the patient is
                           care.                   no worse off than they would have
                                             been in the current standard-of
                                                    care without the subject device.


                                                    9

Risk                    Severity                  Mitigations                            Risk Probability (post-mitigation)          Overall Risk
                                                                                                                                Evaluation
Device malfunction:    Low                    • The subject device alerts the user if   Low                             Low
Subject device fails to                              the ESE detected/not-detected
provide output.        The user can revert to       output is not available. The user can   Verification and validation testing
                       the current standard-of-     revert to the current standard-of-     confirm that the subject device meets its
                        care practice                care without the subject device       design requirements.
                                                    output.
Device misuse:        Moderate               • The subject device is only capable    Low                             Low
User incorrectly                                      of providing a binary diagnostic
utilizes the output of    Depending on the          output of ESE detected/ESE notthe subject device       patient’s condition, this      detected. A qualified neurologist
(i.e., uses the device    may involve over-         must review the EEG for other
output to make         treatment or delayed-       possible abnormal epileptiform
clinical determinations  treatment with ASMs.        findings – this limits the potential
outside of the                                          for device misuse.
diagnosis of ESE).                               • The use of ASMs in controlled
                                                       hospital environments (with or
                                                 without confirmation of seizures
                                                through EEG) is commonplace and
                                                          carries relatively low risk because of
                                                 the clinicians’ familiarity with
                                         management of these medications.
                                              As with any sedative medication,
                                                   there is risk of over-sedation.


                                                   10