December 6, 2022

Hyperfine, Inc.
℅ Christine Kupchick
Sr. Regulatory Specialist
351 New Whitfield St.
GUILFORD CT 06437

Re: K223247
    Trade/Device Name: Swoop® Portable MR Imaging System™
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH, MOS
    Dated: November 9, 2022
    Received: November 9, 2022

Dear Christine Kupchick:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223247 - Christine Kupchick                                                          Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                          and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                                                                                Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120                              Food and Drug Administration
                                                                                                     Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                     Indications for Use                          See PRA Statement below.
   510(k) Number (if known)
 K223247
  Device Name
  Swoop@ Portable MR Imaging Systemm


   Indications for Use (Describe)
  The Swoop@ Portable MR Imaging Systems'  is a bedside magnetic resonance imaging device for producing images that
  display the internal structure of the head where full diagnostic examination is not clinically practical. When interpreted by
  a trained physician, these images provide information that can be useful in deten   ng a diagnosis.


 Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
             0  Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)         ] Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                       This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                       Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                             Page  1 of 1                                                          PSC Publihing Sr     (301)443-6740    EF


                                                         000052

510(k) Summary
Swoop® Portable MR Imaging System™
K223247

510(k) SUBMITTER
Company Name: Hyperfine, Inc.
Company Address: 351 New Whitfield St

Guilford, CT 06437
CONTACT
Name: Christine Kupchick
Telephone: (203) 343-3404
Email: ckupchick@hyperfine.io
Date Prepared: November 9, 2022
DEVICE IDENTIFICATION
Trade Name: Swoop® Portable MR Imaging System™
Common Name: Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Regulation Number: = 21 CFR 892.1000
Classification Name: = System, Nuclear Magnetic Resonance Imaging Coil, Magnetic Resonance,

Specialty
Product Code: LNH; MOS
Regulatory Class: Class II
PREDICATE DEVICE INFORMATION
The subject Swoop Portable MR Imaging System is substantially equivalent to the predicate Swoop
System (K221923).
DEVICE DESCRIPTION
The Swoop system is a portable MRI device that allows for patient bedside imaging. The system enables
visualization of the internal structures of the head using standard magnetic resonance imaging
contrasts. The main interface is a commercial off-the-shelf device that is used for operating the system,
providing access to patient data, exam setup, exam execution, viewing MRI image data for quality
control purposes, and cloud storage interactions. The system can generate MRI data sets with a broad
range of contrasts. The Swoop system user interface includes touch screen menus, controls, indicators,
and navigation icons that allow the operator to control the system and to view imagery. The Swoop

000019

System image reconstruction algorithm utilizes deep learning to provide improved image quality for
T1W, T2W, and FLAIR sequences, specifically in terms of reductions in image noise and blurring.
The subject Swoop System described in this submission includes software modifications related to the
device pulse sequences; retrained advanced reconstruction models; service and support features; and
adds an audible scanner startup tone.
INDICATIONS FOR USE
The Swoop Portable MR Imaging System is a bedside magnetic resonance imaging device for producing
images that display the internal structure of the head where full diagnostic examination is not clinically
practical. When interpreted by a trained physician, these images provide information that can be useful
in determining a diagnosis.
SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE DISCUSSION
The table below compares the subject device to the predicate.
Subject Swoop Portable MR Imagin; Predicate Swoop Portable MR Imagin;
The Swoop® Portable MR Imaging
System™ is a bedside magnetic
resonance imaging device for producing
images that display the internal
Intended Use/ Indications for structure of the head where full Same
Use: diagnostic examination is not clinically
practical. When interpreted by a trained
physician, these images provide
information that can be useful in
determining a diagnosis.
At the point of care in professional
rooms, critical care units, hospital, or
rehabilitation rooms.
| Magnet
[| Gradient:
a
000020

Subject Swoop Portable MR Imaging Predicate Swoop Portable MR Imaging
| Temperature Control [NO Same
| HumidityControl TNO Same
[image Reconstruction Algorithm [oP
en
-  7T1-Standard Advanced Gridding Same
-__T1-Gray/White Contrast
a ee ee
- 72 Advanced Gridding Same
-__T2-Fast
e Advanced Denoising (applies to
T1W, T2W, and FLAIR only)
Image Post-Processing Image orientation transform Same
e@ Geometric distortion correction
e Receive coil intensity correction
e DICOM output
The subject device and the predicate device have the same intended use, operating principles, and
similar technological characteristics. The subject device differs from the predicate in the following:
e Pulse sequences
e@ Retrained advanced reconstruction models
e Service/support features
e Audible scanner startup tone
These differences do not raise new questions of safety and efficacy as compared to the predicate.
NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE
As part of demonstrating substantial equivalence to the predicate, a risk-based assessment was
completed to identify the risks associated with the modifications. Based on the risk assessment, the
following verification and validation testing was performed. The subject device passed all the testing in
accordance with internal requirements and applicable standards to support substantial equivalence.
- IEC 62304:2006
cee age the design requirements to ensure that the Content of Premarket Submissions
Verification . ; A
software requirements were met. for Software Contained in Medical
Devices”
000021

- NEMA MS 1-2008 (R2020)
- NEMA MS 3-2008 (R2020)
- NEMA MS 9-2008 (R2020)
- NEMA MS 12-2016
Image Testing to verify the subject device meets all - American College of Radiology (ACR)
Performance image quality criteria. Phantom Test Guidance for Use of
the Large MRI Phantom for the ACR
MRI Accreditation Program
- American College of Radiology
standards for named sequences
- FDA Guidance, “Guidance for the
Software Validation study to ensure the device meets user Content of Premarket Submissions
Validation needs and performs as intended. for Software Contained in Medical
Devices”
The following testing was leveraged from the predicate device. Test results from the predicate were
used to support the subject device because the conditions were identical or the subject device
modifications did not introduce a new worst-case configuration or scenario for testing.
Test Description Applicable Standard(s)
. ar . . . - ISO 10993-1:2018
Biocompatibility Blocompatibiity testing of patient-contacting = 1§0 10993-5:2009
tals. - ISO 10993-10:2010
- FDA Guidance, “Reprocessing
Medical Devices in Health Care
Cleaning/ Cleaning and disinfection validation of patient- Settings: Validation Methods and
Disinfection contacting materials. Labeling”
- ISO 17664:2017
- ASTM F3208-17
-  ANSI/AAMI ES 60601-
Safet Electrical Safety, EMC, and Essential 1:2005/(R)2012
¥ Performance testing. - IEC 60601-1-2:2014
-  1EC 60601-1-6:2013
Performance Characterization of the Specific Absorption Rate | _ NEMA MS 8-2016
for Magnetic Resonance Imaging Systems.
- Cybersecurity as recommended in
. . . FDA guidance, “Content of
T if; I
Cybersecurity esting to verify cybersecurity controls and Premarket Submissions for
management. sayy i
Management of Cybersecurity in
Medical Devices”
CONCLUSION
Based on the indications for use, technological characteristics, performance results, and comparison to
the predicate, the subject Swoop Portable MR Imaging System has been shown to be substantially
equivalent to the predicate device identified in this submission and does not present any new issues of
safety or effectiveness.
000022