AIRAmed GmbH
℅ Katharina Keutgen                                                   August 25th, 2023
Official Correspondent
Johner Institut GmbH
Niddastr. 91
Frankfurt, 60329
GERMANY

Re: K223180
    Trade/Device Name: AIRAscore
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: July 26, 2023
    Received: July 26, 2023

Dear Katharina Keutgen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223180 - Katharina Keutgen                                                           Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
              Ningzhi Li -S
                                          For
                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K223180
Device Name
AIRAscore
Indications for Use (Describe)
AIRAscore is intended for automatic labeling, visualization and volumetric quantification of segmentable brain structures
from a set of MR images. This software is intended to automate the current manual process of identifying, labeling and
quantifying the volume of segmentable brain structures identified on MR images.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
xX Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) (_] Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF
18 of 100

510(k) Summary
                                           for
                                AIRAscore


This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance
with the requirement of 21 CFR 807.92:

Sponsor
Sponsor:        AIRAmed GmbH
                    Konrad-Adenauer-Str. 13
                  72072 Tübingen
                  Germany

Contact Person:    Dr. Maximilian Stalter
                     Email: maximilian.stalter@airamed.de
                   phone: +49 7071 5393366

Date Prepared:    September 21, 2022

510(k) Number:   K223180

Device Name and Classification

Proprietary Name:        AIRAscore

Device:                   System, Image Processing, Radiological

Classification Name:      Medical image management and processing system
                           (21 CFR 892.2050, Product Code LLZ)

Predicate Device

Predicate Device:  icobrain, K192130

Intended Use

AIRAscore  is intended for automatic labeling, visualization and volumetric quantification of
segmentable brain structures from a set of MR images. This software is intended to automate the
current manual process of identifying, labeling and quantifying the volume of segmentable brain
structures identified on MR images.

Device Description and Function

AIRAscore is a software that offers automatic, fast and reliable segmentation of brain volumes
into gray matter, white matter, cerebrospinal fluid and, if present, white matter lesions with an
additional classification of tissue anatomy.

The AIRAscore software comprises two functions, referred to as “AIRAscore structure” and
“AIRAscore MS”. The report created using the AIRAscore structure function contains the volume
evaluation for each segmented anatomical area with the raw value, the relative value with respect
to the total intracranial volume, and the percentile for the patient compared to a reference set.
It furthermore provides a quick overview of potential segment size differences based on the
reference set comparison.
If the AIRAscore MS report is requested,  it is provided with additional information about the
number and the volume of white matter lesions and their categorization  (i.e., juxtacortical,
periventricular or infratentorial).

For analysis with AIRAscore, incoming MRI data need to comply with the DICOM standard and
are checked to fulfill the technical requirements. After successful verification, segmentation is
performed using specialized neuronal networks that remain static during the lifetime of a software
version. The results are then corrected for head size and compared to an age- and sex adjusted
reference collective including a statistical classification. A report is generated and transmitted via
a DICOM storage SCU (sender) to a defined DICOM storage SCP (usually the picture archive of
the referring physician) using the DICOM format.

Predicate Device Comparison

Table 1: Predicate Device Comparison

 Characteristic  New Device                      Predicate Device
 510(k) Number   K223180                            K192130
 Device Name,     AIRAscore                               icobrain
 Model
 Manufacturer    AIRAmed GmbH                           icometrix NV
 Regulation       892.2050                             892.2050
 Number
 Product Code     LLZ                                  LLZ
 Intended Use /   AIRAscore is intended for automatic        icobrain is intended for automatic
 Indications for    labeling, visualization and volumetric       labeling, visualization and volumetric
 Use                 quantification of segmentable brain        quantification of segmentable brain
                      structures from a set of MR images. This   structures from a set of MR or NCCT
                     software is intended to automate the      images. This software is intended to
                      current manual process of identifying,     automate the current manual process
                       labeling and quantifying the volume of     of identifying, labeling and quantifying
                   segmentable brain structures identified    the volume of segmentable brain
                  on MR images.                             structures identified on MR or NCCT
                                                           images.

                                                                   icobrain consists of two distinct image
                                                              processing pipelines: icobrain cross
                                                     and icobrain long.
                                                                   icobrain cross is intended to provide
                                                        volumes from images acquired at a
                                                                     single timepoint. icobrain long is
                                                            intended to provide changes in
                                                        volumes between two images that
                                                      were acquired on the same scanner,

with the same image acquisition
                                                                protocol and with the same contrast at
                                                     two different timepoints. The results of
                                                                  icobrain cross cannot be compared
                                                             with the results of icobrain long.
Technical            AIRAscore is a software as medical       Software package
Characteristics       device (SaMD) that runs on              Operates on off-the-shelf hardware
                  AIRAmed internal servers (Software        (multiple vendors)
                      as a Service - SaaS).                    DICOM compatible
                       For sending and receiving DICOM         Segmentation by classical machine
                      data dedicated interfaces are              learning and deep learning
                        supplied as accessory.                    (supervised voxel classification by a
                       Operates on off-the-shelf hardware        Convolutional Neuronal Network)
                         (multiple vendors)
                      DICOM compatible                  Input:
                       Segmentation by machine learning       T1-weighted and fluid-attenuated
                       (supervised voxel classification by a       inversion recovery (FLAIR) MR
                        Convolutional Neuronal Network)         images from a single or multiple
                                                              time points
                 Input:                                     Non-contrast CT from a single time
                       T1-weighted and (optional) fluid-          point
                       attenuated inversion recovery
                      (FLAIR) MR images from a single     Output:
                      time point                               Multiple electronic reports with
                                                                 volumetric information of brain
                Output:                                       structures and midline shift
                       Multiple electronic report with            Annotated DICOM images
                        volumetric information of brain
                         structures (Encapsulated PDF
                  DICOM)
                       Annotated DICOM images for visual
                        inspection by an expert (Secondary
                      Capture DICOM)
Performance     Accuracy                          Accuracy
Measurement        Brain segmentable structure volumes     Brain segmentable structure
Testing                   / volume changes compared to          volumes / volume changes
                      manually labeled ground truth          compared to simulated and/or
                                                            manually labeled ground truth
                  Reproducibility
                       Brain segmentable structure volumes  Reproducibility
                            / volume changes compared on test-     Brain segmentable structure
                          retest images                         volumes / volume changes
                                                       compared on test-retest images
Environment of   Primary users of the system are            icobrain is used by trained
Use                physicians with finished course of          professionals in hospitals, imaging
                      studies, medical license and expert        centers or in image processing labs.
                  knowledge in neuroanatomy and MRimaging of the head. The reports and
                     control images are looked at and
                   evaluated in a professional healthcare
                      setting (diagnostic workstation or
                     doctor’s office).
Testing           •   Product Risk assessment             •   Product Risk assessment
                  •   Software verification tests            •   Software verification tests
                  •   Software validation tests                 Software validation tests

Compliance         ISO 14971:2019 Medical devices -       ISO 14971:2007 Medical devices -
 with Standards       Application of risk management to         Application of risk management to
                        medical devices                         medical devices
                        IEC 62304 Edition 1.1 2015-06           IEC 62304:2006 Medical device
                        Medical device software - Software        software - Software life-cycle
                              life-cycle processes                      processes
                        IEC 62366-1 Edition 1.0 2015-02         IEC 62366:2014 Medical devices -
                        Medical devices - Application of            Application of usability engineering
                            usability engineering to medical            to medical devices
                         devices                                 CFR 21 part 820 Quality System
                       CFR 21 part 820 Quality System           Regulation for Medical Devices
                        Regulation for Medical Devices          ISO 13485:2016 Medical devices -
                       ISO 13485:2016 Medical devices -         Quality management systems
                          Quality management systems           ISO 12052:2006 Digital imaging
                       NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20 (2016) Digital        and communication in medicine
                       imaging and communication in          (DICOM)
                       medicine (DICOM) Set

Both the subject- and the predicate device have the same intended use and comparable technical
features. Both devices use the same machine learning procedures (supervised voxel classification
by Convolutional Neural Networks) to perform segmentation tasks. Since the technique is the
same in both devices and is known to perform well on segmentation tasks, no different questions
regarding safety and effectiveness are raised and both devices are deemed to be substantially
equivalent.

Performance Testing
The software verification of AIRAscore included continuous automatic unit testing, integration
testing and end-to-end testing during the product realization phase according to IEC 62304.
During the verification phase, the components were tested separately to verify the conformance
of the development result with the defined software requirements. The verification included the
check of the implementation of risk mitigation measures. The efficiency of these measures was
either tested during the verification or during the course of the validation.
Afterwards, integration testing was performed to verify that the components work together as
specified in the software.

The validation confirmed that AIRAscore performs well across target patient population and
scanner manufacturers.

Software  verification  and  validation  demonstrated  that  AIRAscore  meets  the  software
requirements.

Performance Standards
AIRAscore complies with the applicable requirements of the following international and national
standards:

      ISO 14971 Third Edition 2019-12 - Medical Devices - Application Of Risk Management To
       Medical Devices
      IEC 62304 Edition 1.1 2015-06 CONSOLIDATED VERSION - Medical Device Software -
       Software Life Cycle Processes

  IEC 62366-1 Edition 1.0 2015-02 - Medical devices - Part 1: Application of usability
       engineering to medical devices [Including CORRIGENDUM 1 (2016)]
      NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20 2021e Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) Set


The following FDA Guidance Documents have been applied:

         Format for Traditional and Abbreviated 510(k)s, 2019
         Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical
           Devices, 2005
         Content of Premarket Submissions  for Management of Cybersecurity  in Medical
           Devices, 2014
          Cybersecurity  for  Networked  Medical  Devices  Containing  Off-the-Shelf  (OTS)
           Software, 2005
          Off-The-Shelf Software Use in Medical Devices, 2019
         Applying Human Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical Devices, 2016
        Design Considerations and Premarket Submission Recommendations for Interoperable
          Medical Devices, 2017

Conclusion of Substantial Equivalence Discussion:
Both the subject- and the predicate device have the same intended use and comparable technical
features. Both devices use the same machine learning procedures (supervised voxel classification
by Convolutional Neural Networks) to perform segmentation tasks. Since the technique is the
same in both devices and is known to perform well on segmentation tasks, no different questions
regarding safety and effectiveness are raised and both devices are deemed to be substantially
equivalent.