August 3, 2023

Imidex Inc.
℅ Kris Zeschin
Chief Operating Officer
3513 Brighton Blvd., Suites 456 7 454
DENVER, CO 80216


Re: K223133
    Trade/Device Name: VisiRad XR
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2070
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Analyzer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MYN
    Dated: July 3, 2023
    Received: July 3, 2023

Dear Kris Zeschin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223133 - Kris Zeschin                                                                Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                 Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Imaging Devices
                                          and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K223133

Device Name
VisiRad XR


Indications for Use (Describe)
VisiRad XR is a computer-aided detection (CADe) device intended to identify and mark regions of interest that may be
suspicious for lung nodules and masses on chest radiographs. It identifies features associated with pulmonary nodules and
masses from 6-60mm in size. Detection of suspicious findings by VisiRad XR is intended as an aid only after the
physician has performed an initial interpretation; it is not intended to replace the review by a qualified radiologist and is
not intended to be used for triage or to make or confirm a diagnosis. The intended patient population for VisiRad XR
consists of patients >21 years of age on whom chest radiographs have been acquired in an outpatient or emergency
department setting.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Traditional 510(k) for VisiRad XR

                                                     Section 05: 510(k) Summary    K223133


Section 5: 510(k) Summary
1   Applicant Name and Address
       Name:          IMIDEX, Inc.
        Address:       3513 Brighton Blvd #456
                        Denver, CO 80216
          Official Contact: Kris Zeschin, Chief Operating Officer

2  Summary Preparation Date: September 29, 2022
3   Device Name and Classification
        Trade Name:    VisiRad XR
      Common Name: Medical image analyzer
         Classification Name: Medical image analyzer
        Device Classification: Class II, 21 CFR 892.2070
        Product Code:  MYN
4   Predicate Device
       Name: Samsung Auto Lung Nodule Detection, K201560
        Device Classification: Class II, 21 CFR 892.2070
        Product Code: MYN

5   Device Description
    5.1    VisiRad XR is a computer aided detection (CADe) software as a medical device (SaMD) product
          intended to detect lung nodules and masses from 6-60mm in chest radiographs. VisiRad XR takes
        DICOM images as input, utilizes machine learning algorithms to detect suspicious regions and outputs a
          secondary DICOM with annotated regions of interest (ROIs).
    5.2    VisiRad XR’s output secondary DICOM includes text that indicates that it was analyzed by VisiRad XR
         and a link to the user manual.  If no ROIs are detected by VisiRad XR, the returned secondary DICOM
            states “No Nodules/Masses Found”.
    5.3    VisiRad XR is intended to be used as a second-read only after the clinician has performed their initial
            interpretation. The secondary DICOM does not overwrite or replace the primary radiograph, it is
          returned such that it hangs, using standard DICOM hanging protocol, behind the primary image.
6   Intended Use
    6.1    VisiRad XR is intended to identify and mark regions of interest suspicious for lung nodules and
          masses on chest radiographs.
7   Indications for Use
    7.1    VisiRad XR is a computer-aided detection (CADe) device intended to identify and mark regions of
            interest that may be suspicious for lung nodules and masses on chest radiographs. It identifies features
           associated with pulmonary nodules and masses from 6-60mm in size. Detection of suspicious findings
          by VisiRad XR is intended as an aid only after the physician has performed an initial interpretation; it is
          not intended to replace the review by a qualified radiologist and is not intended to be used for triage or
           to make or confirm a diagnosis. The intended patient population for VisiRad XR consists of patients >21
           years of age on whom chest radiographs have been acquired in an outpatient or emergency
          department setting.
8   Substantial Equivalence


S e c t i o n 5                                                  P a g e 1 o f 5

Traditional 510(k) for VisiRad XR

                                                     Section 05: 510(k) Summary


    8.1    VisiRad XR has the same intended use as the predicate device. Differences in indications for use do not
           constitute a new intended use and differences in technological characteristics do not raise new
           questions of safety and effectiveness.

                          Proposed Device                      Predicate Device

    Device Name             VisiRad XR                         AutoLung Nodule Detection (ALND)

    Manufacturer           IMIDEX, Inc.                      Samsung Electronics

    510(k) Number               --                               K201560

     Classification           21 CFR 892.2070                   21 CFR 892.2070
    Regulation

    Product Code        MYN                      MYN

    Intended Use            VisiRad XR is intended to            The Auto Lung Nodule Detection is
                             to identify and mark regions of        computer-aided detection software to
                                interest suspicious for lung nodules     identify and mark regions in relation to
                         and masses on chest radiographs.      suspected pulmonary nodules from 10
                                                                   to 30 mm in size.

     Indications for Use       VisiRad XR is a computer-aided       The Auto Lung Nodule Detection is
                             detection (CADe) device intended to   computer-aided detection software to
                                 identify and mark regions of             identify and mark regions in relation to
                                interest that may be suspicious for     suspected pulmonary nodules
                             lung nodules and masses on chest     from 10 to 30 mm in size. It is
                              radiographs.  It identifies features      designed to aid the physician to review
                              associated with pulmonary nodules    the PA chest radiographs of adults as a
                         and masses from 6-60mm in size.      second reader and be used as
                             Detection of suspicious findings by     part of S-Station, which is operation
                              VisiRad XR is intended as an aid only   software installed on Samsung Digital
                                after the physician has performed      X-ray Imaging systems. Auto Lung
                         an initial interpretation; it is not       Nodule Detection cannot be used on
                            intended to replace the review by a    the patients who have lung lesions
                                qualified radiologist and is not         other than abnormal nodules.
                            intended to be used for triage or to
                       make or confirm a diagnosis. The
                            intended patient population for
                              VisiRad XR consists of patients >21
                             years of age on whom chest
                             radiographs have been acquired in
                         an outpatient or emergency
                          department setting.

    Image Modality          X-ray                                  X-ray


S e c t i o n 5                                                  P a g e 2 o f 5

Traditional 510(k) for VisiRad XR

                                                     Section 05: 510(k) Summary


    Study Type              Chest                               Chest

     Clinical Finding          Lung lesion detection using marked    Lung lesion detection using marked
                              regions of interest (ROIs)              regions of interest (ROIs)

    Intended Users           Physician                              Physician

    Intended User           Device intended as a second-reader    Device intended as a second-reader
    Workflow                 for physicians interpreting chest        for physicians interpreting chest
                             radiographs                          radiographs

    Patient Population       Adults with Chest Radiographs         Adults with Chest Radiographs

    Technology            Machine learning                  Machine learning

    Input Type                 Digital X-rays in DICOM format          Digital X-rays in DICOM format

    Imaging protocols       Chest AP/PA                         Chest PA

    Output                ROI marked on duplicated input        Information for ROI to be
                          image                           marked on the duplicated
                                                                    input image

    Platform                Secure cloud-based processing and    Secure on-premise processing
                               delivery of outputs                 and delivery of outputs

    8.2   Comparison of Indications
            8.2.1     VisiRad XR and Samsung ALND both analyze chest radiographs for the presence of lung
                     nodules, return regions of interest (ROIs) on a secondary DICOM and act as a second-read
                       for clinicians. VisiRad XR detects masses in addition to nodules (lesions are considered a
                   “mass” if they are greater than 30mm in diameter, while a “nodule” is less than 30mm in
                    diameter) and is a cloud-based software that operates on both AP and PA image views, as
                      well as multiple chest radiograph hardware systems. Samsung ALND is limited to PA view
                   images and its own S-Station hardware and software system. Both devices are only intended
                     as an aid to the physician and not intended to replace the diagnosis by the physician. The
                      differences in Indications for Use do not constitute a new intended use, as both devices are
                    intended to assist physicians in identifying suspicious regions on chest radiographs and
                   marking them with ROIs.
    8.3   Comparison of technological characteristics
            8.3.1     Performance and clinical testing were performed to support the safety and effectiveness of
                    the technological differences between VisiRad XR and the predicate device. The results of
                    these tests demonstrate that VisiRad XR has been designed and tested to conform to its
                    intended use and comparably to the predicate device. Technological differences do not
                    present any new safety or effectiveness concerns. As such, it can be considered substantially
                     equivalent to the predicate devices.
9   Software Verification and Validation
    9.1    Non-clinical Performance Testing


S e c t i o n 5                                                  P a g e 3 o f 5

Traditional 510(k) for VisiRad XR

                                                     Section 05: 510(k) Summary


            9.1.1     Software verification and validation testing were conducted to provide evidence that VisiRad
                 XR meets user needs and its intended use. Testing results demonstrate that the software
                       specifications meet acceptance criteria and support claims of substantial equivalence.
                  Documentation is provided as recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff,
                   “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical
                     Devices.”
            9.1.2    A standalone performance test was executed on VisiRad XR to demonstrate generalizability
                  and performance endpoints on a broad, representative dataset. The dataset consisted of
                    data from three sources: National Lung Screening Trials (NLST) and two independent data
                          sites. NLST is a high-quality, outpatient dataset that enrolled current or former heavy
                    smokers. NLST consists of a set of patients that did not have lung cancer at study initiation,
                    with geographic and demographic representation across the country. The two independent
                        sites were a Level II trauma center at a rural group practice in Montana and a Level I trauma
                     center in a metropolitan area of Colorado. Data was acquired from each site’s emergency
                  department between 2016 and 2021.
            9.1.3     The primary endpoint for the standalone performance test was device sensitivity calculated
                      at an image level. The study was executed at a fixed operating threshold. Study results
                   demonstrated an overall sensitivity of 0.83 (95% CI: 0.81-0.84) with average false positives
                    per image of 1.5.
            9.1.4     Device performance was stratified across multiple subgroups (age, gender, race, hardware
                      used). Device performance remains consistent between gender, age groups and hardware
                    type used.
            9.1.5     Area Under the Curve (AUC) of the Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve was
                    assessed as a secondary endpoint in the standalone performance test. Overall AUC,
                      calculated non-parametrically, was 0.73 (95% CI: 0.71-0.74).
            9.1.6     The software level of concern for VisiRad XR is Moderate, since a malfunction of, or a latent
                    design flaw in, the software device may lead to an erroneous diagnosis or a delay in delivery
                      of appropriate medical care that would likely lead to Minor Injury.
    9.2    Clinical Performance Testing
            9.2.1     IMIDEX conducted a fully-crossed multiple reader, multiple case (MRMC) retrospective
                    reader study at two sites to validate the impact of VisiRad XR on reader performance in
                     detecting pulmonary nodules and masses on chest radiographs. The study consisted of 24
                          clinical readers (12 per site) and 600 total patient images (300 per site).
            9.2.2     The study was performed on retrospective chest radiographs taken on patients in
                  emergency department and outpatient settings. The subject population was composed of
                      patients from across the United States (data collection sites included Colorado, Ohio, New
                       Jersey, South Carolina, Iowa and Wisconsin) who represent the range of age, racial and
                     ethnic groups and geographic diversity that are representative of the intended use
                     population. Women made up 56% of the study; of the population that disclosed racial data,
                47% of the patient population identified as a racial group other than white or Caucasian.
            9.2.3     The results of subgroup analyses showed that there were no clinically meaningful
                      differences among the different demographic populations in study outcomes; reader
                   performance improved across all evaluated demographic subgroups with the use of VisiRad
                     XR.
            9.2.4     The readers participating in the study were radiologists from multiple regions within the US
                    with varied years of experience and specialties. They were de-identified for the purposes of
                    the study.


S e c t i o n 5                                                  P a g e 4 o f 5

Traditional 510(k) for VisiRad XR

                                                     Section 05: 510(k) Summary


            9.2.5     The study was conducted sequentially to simulate use of the product in clinical practice.
                   Readers interpreted the same radiograph twice in a row, first unaided then aided by VisiRad
                     XR. They were asked to interpret the radiographs as they would in standard clinical practice
                  and note nodules or masses with a bounding box and associated level of confidence in their
                       interpretation.
            9.2.6     The study compared unaided and aided radiologist performance at detecting pulmonary
                    nodules and masses as compared to the reference standard. The primary objective of the
                    study was to determine whether the accuracy of readers aided by VisiRad XR was superior to
                    the accuracy of readers unaided by VisiRad XR as determined by the image-level Area Under
                    the Curve (AUC) of the Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve. For both sites, the use
                      of VisiRad XR improved readers’ AUC with statistical significance. Mean AUCs for the two
                     conditions calculated across all readers were compared using a two-sided test at the
                    alpha=0.05 level of significance with a p value < 0.025, yielding an average reader
                  improvement in overall average AUC for both sites of 0.027. Site I demonstrated an average
               AUC improvement of 0.035 (95% CI: 0.021, 0.048) and Site II demonstrated an average AUC
                  improvement of 0.018 (95% CI: 0.005, 0.031).
            9.2.7     Secondary endpoints for the study included sensitivity and specificity. Average sensitivity
                     across all readers increased by 0.076. Site I demonstrated an average sensitivity
                  improvement of 0.097 and Site II demonstrated an average sensitivity improvement of
                     0.053. Average specificity across all readers decreased by 0.086, with a decrease of 0.114
                       for Site I and 0.06 for Site II.
            9.2.8     Although Samsung ALND did not publish clinical performance data in its 510(k) summary, the
                     predicate device for Samsung ALND (Riverain ClearRead Detect) achieved the same clinical
                   performance endpoints as VisiRad XR, demonstrating a statistically significant change in AUC
                  between aided and unaided clinical reads. This demonstrates that VisiRad XR is substantially
                     equivalent to its predicate device in clinical performance.
10  Conclusions
    10.1  The conclusions drawn from the standalone and clinical studies demonstrate that VisiRad XR is safe,
            effective, and performs as well as its proposed predicate device. The special controls for the Medical
         Image Analyzer (CADe) 21 CFR 892.2070 regulation are satisfied by demonstrating effectiveness of the
           device in both the standalone testing and the clinical testing, showing superiority of aided versus
          unaided reads in clinical testing, and communicating testing results in the labeling. The technological
           differences between VisiRad XR and the predicate device do not raise concerns of safety and
            effectiveness. As such, VisiRad XR is substantially equivalent to the cleared Samsung Auto Lung Nodule
           Detection device.


S e c t i o n 5                                                  P a g e 5 o f 5