March 9, 2023
GE Medical Systems, LLC.
℅ Katelyn Rowley
Senior Regulatory Affairs Leader
3000 N. Grandview Blvd.
WAUKESHA WI 53188


Re: K223514
    Trade/Device Name:  Spectral Bone Marrow
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-Ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK, QIH
    Dated: February 21, 2023
    Received: February 22, 2023

Dear Katelyn Rowley:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223514 - Katelyn Rowley                                                             Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                 Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Imaging Devices
                                           and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K223514

Device Name
Spectral Bone Marrow


Indications for Use (Describe)
Spectral Bone Marrow is an automated image processing software application, utilizing deep learning technology for bone
segmentation, to facilitate optimized visualization of bone marrow in spectral body and extremity CT images. Spectral
Bone Marrow’s output can be used during the review of traumatic and non-traumatic bone pathologies.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K223514

GE HealthCare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – Spectral Bone Marrow


                      510(k) SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVNESS

This 510(k) summary of Safety and Effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the
requirement of 21 CFR Part 807.87(h):


  Date:              November 22, 2022

  Submitter:         GE Medical Systems, LLC
                     3000 N. Grandview Blvd.

                     Waukesha, Wisconsin 53188


  Primary Contact:      Katelyn Rowley
                         Senior Regulatory Affairs Leader

                      Phone: 262-309-5888
                          Email: Katelyn.rowely@ge.com


  Secondary Contacts:   Helen Peng
                         Senior Regulatory Affairs Director
                      Phone: 262-424-8222
                          Email: hong.peng@med.ge.com


  Device Trade Name:   Spectral Bone Marrow

  Device Classification   Class II

  Regulation Number/  21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
  Product Code:        21 CFR 892.2050 Automated Radiological Image Processing Software / QIH


  Predicate Device Information

  Device Name:             GSI Viewer with VUE Option

  Manufacturer:          GE Medical Systems, LLC

  510(k) Number:          K121827 cleared on September 13, 2012

  Regulation Number/      21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
  Product Code:


   Device Description

   Spectral Bone Marrow is a deep-learning based software analysis package designed for the
   visualization of bone marrow based on GE HealthCare's spectral CT acquisitions data. Spectral Bone
  Marrow assists clinicians by providing an automatically generated fused material density image of the
  segmented bone region over a base monochromatic image optimized for the visualization of bone

                                       Page-1

GE HealthCare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – Spectral Bone Marrow


  marrow during the review of traumatic or non-traumatic bone pathologies. The software creates a
   fully automated post processing workflow for creating these images and improving reader efficiency.


  The Spectral Bone Marrow application involves generating a bone mask with a deep learning bone
   segmentation algorithm and uses this segmented region to define bone regions of water minus
   hydroxyapatite (Water(HAP)) material density images, which are subsequently colored. The
   application outputs the colored Water(HAP) material density images overlayed on monochromatic CT
   images or Virtual Unenhanced (VUE) images.


   Additionally, the Spectral Bone Marrow application has the optional ability to automatically set the
  window width and window level of the color overlay images to provide for optimal visualization of
  bone marrow. The software provides multiplanar export of the fused images. Spectral Bone Marrow
    is hosted on GE’s Edison Health Link (EHL) computational platform.


   Indications for Use

   Spectral Bone Marrow is an automated image processing software application, utilizing deep learning
   technology for bone segmentation, to facilitate optimized visualization of bone marrow in spectral
  body and extremity CT images. Spectral Bone Marrow’s output can be used during the review of
   traumatic and non-traumatic bone pathologies.


  Comparisons

  The Spectral Bone Marrow software is substantially equivalent to the predicate device GSI Viewer
   with VUE Option (K121827). The fundamental technology, i.e generating the material density (MD)
   images, monochromatic images and overlaying the MD images over base images, remains unchanged
  from the predicate. The table below summarizes the substantive feature/technological differences
  between the predicate device and the proposed device. The changes described below do not change
   the fundamental technology and do not raise any issues of safety and effectiveness.


                                       Page-2

GE HealthCare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – Spectral Bone Marrow


 Specification/     GSI Viewer with VUE Option      Spectral Bone Marrow
 Attribute
                    (Predicate Device, K121827)      (Proposed Device)

 Bone            Manual segmentation          Deep learning based segmentation
 Segmentation
 Technology

 Clinical Workflow  Manual                     Automated - In the predicate device, the user
                                                 has to manually segment the bone region,
                                                  generate the MD images and fuse it/overlay
                                           them onto the monochromatic base images,
                                             and then export the output images as DICOM
                                                  secondary captures and send them to desired
                                       DICOM destinations.

                                                          In the subject device, a fully automated
                                                workflow generates the desired images
                                                      (colored MD images of the segmented bone
                                                     region overlaid on the monochromatic base or
                                                           Virtual Unenhanced images) as secondary
                                                    capture DICOM objects and networks them to
                                                   the preconfigured DICOM destinations (e.g.
                                                PACS) for the user to review.

                                                        This change in the subject device greatly
                                                 improves the overall efficiency of the review
                                                   workflow.

 Deployment      CT Console, AW Workstation     CT Console, Edison Health Link (EHL)
 Environment       (K110834), AW Server (K081985)

 Algorithm Input    Dual energy DICOM images      Same

 Algorithm         Dual energy images, including     Fused image of colored material density (MD)
 Output           monochromatic, Virtual          images (e.g water (HAP)) of the segmented
                  Unenhanced, and material       bone region overlaid onto the base
                    density images and has the       monochromatic spectral CT images or Virtual
                        ability to output fused colored    Unenhanced images, as secondary capture
                    material density (MD) images    DICOM series.
                       (e.g Water (HAP)) of a
                 segmented bone region overlaid
                on a monochromatic image as
                   secondary capture DICOM
                       series.


                                       Page-3

GE HealthCare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – Spectral Bone Marrow


Determination of Substantial Equivalence

Summary of Non-Clinical Testing

Spectral Bone Marrow has successfully completed the design control testing per our quality system. No
additional hazards were identified, and no unexpected test results were observed. Spectral Bone
Marrow was designed under GE HealthCare’s QMS per the Quality System Regulations of 21CFR 820 and
ISO 13485.

The following quality assurance measures have been applied to the development of the system:

       •  Requirement Definition
       •   Risk Analysis and Control
       •   Technical Design Reviews
       •  Formal Design Reviews
       •  Software Development Lifecycle
           o  Code Review
           o  Software Unit Implementation
           o  Software Integrations and Integration Testing
       •  System Testing
           o  Safety Testing (Verification)
           o  Image Performance Testing (Verification)
           o  Simulating Use Testing (Validation)
       •  Software Release
The testing and results did not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness than associated with
predicate device. We consider the proposed device, Spectral Bone Marrow, is substantially equivalent to
the predicate device.

The substantial equivalence is also based on the software documentation for a “Moderate” level of
concern.

The non-clinical testing also included engineering bench testing that was carried out to verify the
Spectral Bone Marrow’s bone segmentation algorithm ability to accurately segment bone using a
database of 146 retrospective Spectral CT series across a variety of GEHC Spectral Imaging CT Scanners.
This database of exams is representative of the clinical scenarios where Spectral Bone Marrow is
intended to be used. The ground truth for this dataset was generated by three US board certified
radiologists, which was used to evaluate the Spectral Bone Marrow’s bone segmentation. The result of
the engineering bench testing showed that the algorithm is capable of accurately segment bones and is
safe and effective for its intended use.


Clinical Testing

A representative set of clinical sample images was assessed by three board certified radiologists with
expertise in both the evaluation of bone marrow and dual energy imaging review. The assessment used
retrospectively collected clinical cases that were processed using the Spectral Bone Marrow software.
Each image generated from the subject device were read by each board certified radiologist who


                                       Page-4

GE HealthCare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission – Spectral Bone Marrow


provided an assessment of image quality related to diagnostic use according to a Likert scale.
Additionally, the readers were asked to rate their efficiency when using the algorithm compared to using
without.

The result of this assessment validated that the Spectral Bone Marrow software provides additional
diagnostic value for the evaluation of bone marrow and increased overall reader efficiency.


Substantial Equivalence

The changes associated with Spectral Bone Marrow do not change the Intended Use from the predicate
and represent equivalent technology.

Spectral Bone Marrow was developed under GE HealthCare’s quality system. Design verification, along
with bench and clinical testing provided in this submission demonstrates that Spectral Bone Marrow is
substantially equivalent and hence as safe and as effective as the legally marketed predicate device.
GE’s quality system’s design, verification, and risk management processes did not identify any
unexpected results, or adverse effects stemming from the changes to the predicate.


GE HealthCare believes that Spectral Bone Marrow is substantially equivalent to the predicate device
and hence is safe and effective for its intended use.


                                       Page-5