Disior Ltd
℅ Alex Cadotte
Associate Director, Software and Digital Health Regulatory Affairs
Mcra, LLC
1050 K St NW Suite 1000
Washington, DC 20001


                                                           December 8, 2023Re: K223757
    Trade/Device Name: Bonelogic
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: November 7, 2023
    Received: November 13, 2023


Dear Alex Cadotte:


We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223757 - Alex Cadotte                                                               Page  2


If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.


Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K223757 - Alex Cadotte                                                               Page  3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).


                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Iamging Sofware Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                          Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K223757

Device Name
Bonelogic 2.2


Indications for Use (Describe)
Bonelogic software is to be used by orthopaedic healthcare professionals for diagnosis and surgical planning in a hospital
or clinic environment.
Bonelogic software provides:
• Semi-automatic segmentation with manual or assisted input of bony structure identification from CT imaging input,
• Three-dimensional mathematical models of the anatomical structures of foot and ankle,
• Measurement templates containing radiographic measures of foot and ankle, and tools for manually obtaining linear and
angular measurements,
• Surgical planning application for foot and ankle using three-dimensional models of the anatomical structures and
radiographic measures.
The three-dimensional models of the anatomical structures combined with the measurements can be used for the diagnosis
of orthopaedic healthcare conditions. The surgical planning application containing the three-dimensional structural models
combined with the measurements can be used for the planning of treatments and operations to correct orthopaedic
healthcare conditions of foot and ankle.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K233757

510(k) Summary


Device Trade Name:       Bonelogic 2.2

Manufacturer:             Disior Ltd
                  HTC Helsinki, Building PINTA, 4th floor
                         Tammasaarenkatu 3
                              Helsinki, Finland 00180

Contact:                 Aarno Jussila
                             Director of Enabling Technologies
                          Phone: +358 40 6734939
                           Email: aarno@disior.com

Prepared by:             Alex Cadotte
                   MCRA, LLC
                        803 7th St NW
                          Washington, DC 20001
                              Office: 202.552.5800

Date Prepared:           December 7, 2023

Classifications:           21 CFR 892.2050 Medical image management and processing
                            system.

Class:                            II

Product Code:          QIH

Primary Predicate:       K203290

Indications For Use:
Bonelogic software is to be used by orthopaedic healthcare professionals for diagnosis and
surgical planning in a hospital or clinic environment.
Bonelogic software provides:
   •  Semi-automatic segmentation with manual or assisted input of bony structure
        identification from CT imaging input,
   •  Three-dimensional mathematical models of the anatomical structures of foot and ankle,
   •  Measurement templates containing radiographic measures of foot and ankle, and tools
        for manually obtaining linear and angular measurements,
   •   Surgical planning application for foot and ankle using three-dimensional models of the
       anatomical structures and radiographic measures.
The three-dimensional models of the anatomical structures combined with the measurements
can be used for the diagnosis of orthopaedic healthcare conditions. The surgical planning
application containing the three-dimensional structural models combined with the


                                                                                                                1 of 5

K233757


measurements can be used for the planning of treatments and operations to correct
orthopaedic healthcare conditions of foot and ankle.

Device Description:
The Bonelogic is a software tool that segments bone anatomy using dedicated semiautomatic tools and fully automatic algorithms. More specifically, Bonelogic is intended to
segment foot and ankle bones from computed tomography (CT) images. The segmented
structures may then be used to create 3D models of their respective bones and replicate the
anatomy of a patient. The semi-automatic tools of the software require a healthcare
professional to mark the different bones in an initial 3D rendered model prior to when the
segmentation process is initialized. This method is called the semi-automatic workflow with
manual input. The software also comprises an optional semiautomatic workflow with assisted
input that replaces the required user input with an estimate based on a locked artificial neural
network (ANN) model. The fully automatic algorithm processes the final result in the same
way based on input generated by the semi-automatic workflow with user input and with
ANN model. The user still needs to mark the laterality and as a new step acknowledge the
bones discovered by the ANN model.

Predicate Device:
Disior submits the following information in this Premarket Notification to demonstrate that,
for the purposes of FDA’s regulation of medical devices, K223757 is substantially equivalent
in indications, design principles, and performance to the following subject device:


Substantial Equivalence:
                         Predicate Device K203290      Subject Device K223757
     Information               (Bonelogic)                  (Bonelogic 2.2)         Comparison
                        Medical image management     Medical image management  Classification Name                                                                              Identical                         and processing system         and processing system
 Service Type                    Software                      Software                   Identical
  Classification              21 CFR 892.2050             21 CFR 892.2050              Identical
 Class                                         II                                      II                      Identical
 Product Code                LLZ                  QIH                     Identical
                       Bonelogic software is intended  Bonelogic software is to be
                           to be used by specialized        used by orthopaedic healthcare
                       medical practitioners to assist    professionals for diagnosis and
                           in the characterization of         surgical planning in a hospital   Removal of wrist
                   human anatomy with 3D         or clinic environment.          and hand related
                           visualization and specific       Bonelogic software provides:     functionality and
                       measurements. The medical     Semi-automatic segmentation      addition of an
                     image modalities intended to    with manual or assisted input         optional
                      be used in the software are       of bony structure identification    semiautomatic  Indications for Use                     computed tomography (CT)     from CT imaging input,           segmentation
                        images, cone beam computed    Three-dimensional             workflow with
                      tomography (CBCT) images     mathematical models of the        assisted bone
                      and weight-bearing cone beam   anatomical structures of foot       identification
                 CT (WBCT) images. The       and ankle,                        process in the
                        intended patient population is   Measurement templates           subject device
                          adults over 16 years of age.      containing radiographic
                       Bonelogic software contains     measures of foot and ankle,
                          the measurement template      and tools for manually


                                                                                                                2 of 5

K233757


                         Predicate Device K203290      Subject Device K223757
     Information               (Bonelogic)                  (Bonelogic 2.2)         Comparison
                        with a set of distance and        obtaining linear and angular
                        angular measures. The          measurements,
                      measurements can be used for   Surgical planning application
                         diagnostic purposes. The         for foot and ankle using threethree-dimensional (3D)         dimensional models of the
                      models are displayed and can    anatomical structures and
                      be manipulated in the           radiographic measures.
                          software. Together, the        The three-dimensional models
                        information from the            of the anatomical structures
                      measurements and the 3D      combined with the
                           visualization can be used for    measurements can be used for
                         treatment planning in the field   the diagnosis of orthopaedic
                         of orthopedics (foot and ankle,   healthcare conditions. The
                      and hand and wrist). The 3D     surgical planning application
                      models can be outputted from    containing the threethe software for traditional or    dimensional structural models
                          additive manufacturing. The    combined with the
                         physical models generated      measurements can be used for
                       based on the 3D digital models   the planning of treatments and
                          are not intended for diagnostic   operations to correct
                           use.                            orthopaedic healthcare
                                                         conditions of foot and ankle.
                       Computed tomography        Computed tomography
 Input                DICOM images          DICOM Computed             Identical
                                                         tomography
                           Segmentation of bone          Segmentation of bone Image processing                                                                                 Identical                                      structures                         structures
 Output            3D model of patient anatomy   3D model of patient anatomy        Identical
 Measuring and          Perform measurements for      Perform measurements for                                                                                                     Identical planning                     presurgical planning             presurgical planning
                                                  Manual and an optional          Optional
                                                      semiautomatic workflow with     semiautomatic
                                                                   assisted input process           bone Bone identification          Manual process                                                    performed by artificial neural      identification
                                                             network                 process in
                                                                                              subject device

Performance Testing Summary:
   •  Software verification and validation were carried out based on the “Guidance for
       the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”,
        at the unit, integration, and system levels to determine substantial equivalence to the
       predicate device. The predicate device meets the subject device’s established
       acceptance criteria of 95% model conformance within 1.0mm distance to reference
      model and 2.0 degrees standard deviation for angular measurements.
   •  Bench testing – Software verification and validation for Bonelogic software
       demonstrated its substantial equivalence to the predicate device. An additional
        clinical data based software performance assessment study was carried out to validate
       the standalone performance of AI algorithms from a clinical perspective. The testing
        for 82 CT image series presented 100% correctly identified bones of foot and ankle.
      The existence of metal was identified correctly for 98.8% of the images (specificity
      98%, sensitivity 100%).


                                                                                                                3 of 5

K233757


•  Study subjects:
   The AI algorithm for bone identification was developed using 145 CT
   image studies and metal identification was developed using 130 CT image
    studies. Testing was carried out using 82 CT image studies. Out of 357 CT
   image studies, 340 were from individual patients with few studies from
   same patient with different foot alignments. The CT image series’ were
    collected from various sites across USA and Europe with a minimum of
  50% of the images originating from the USA. The CT image studies were
   from patients with different ages and racial groups, with minimum of 35%
   male/female within each dataset, with mean age approximately 47 years
   (SD 15 years), and representatives from White, (Non-)Hispanic, African
   American, and Native racial groups. Each dataset was balanced in terms of
    subjects with different foot alignment, demographics, imaging devices and
   with subjects from clinical subgroups ranging from control/normal feet
   (44% with test data) to pre-/post-operative clinical conditions such as
   Hallux Valgus, Progressive Collapsing Foot Deformity, fractures, or with
   metal implants (40% of the test data).

•  Imaging Systems:
   The 357 image studies were collected using CT imaging system made by
    five (5) manufacturers (7 different models in total). From the test data of 82
   images, 61% of the images were acquired using Curvebeam PedCAT, 11%
   with Planmed Verify, and 26% with Carestream OnSight 3D Extremity. In
    addition, system test data contains images acquired with Toshiba
   Somatom. Typical imaging protocol is disclosed within the IFU, however,
    the test data contains wider range of parameters for generalization (tube
    voltages between 90-120 kV, tube currents 5-8 mA, and slice
    thickness/pixel spacing 0.37-1.5mm).

•  Ground Truth:
   The ground truths for bone and metal identification were independently
    established by three (3) U.S. Orthopedic surgeons with a 3rd party
    software. Each clinicians reviewed each of the DICOM series through
    axial/sagittal/coronal views and/or 3D reconstruction and marked on a
    spreadsheet the presence of a bone and metal in the image series. Based on
    the majority vote of three, two same responses were required to establish a
   ground truth on each of the DICOM series.

•  Training, Tuning, and Validation Data Independence:
   The Bonelogic software machine learning algorithm training and tuning
    data used during the algorithm development, as well as test data used in the
    standalone software performance assessment study, were all independent
    data sets. Each CT image study was allowed to be allocated to only data
    set.


                                                                                               4 of 5

K233757


Conclusion:
The subject device and the predicate devices have the same intended use and have similar
technological characteristics. The data included in this submission demonstrate substantial
equivalence to the predicate devices listed above. Bonelogic 2.2 is as safe, as effective, and
performs as well as, or better, than the predicate devices.


                                                                                                                5 of 5