January 13, 2023

Olea Medical
℅ John J. Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
Columbia Square
555 Thirteenth Street, NW
WASHINGTON DC 20004


Re: K223502
    Trade/Device Name: MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: November 21, 2022
    Received: November 21, 2022

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223502 - John J. Smith                                                               Page 2


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                          and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                        Food and Drug Administration                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                     See PRA Statement below                  Indications for Use
510(k) Number (if known)
    K223502
Device Name

MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0

MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 is an automatic calculation tool indicated for use in radiology. The device is an image processing
software allowing computation of parametric maps from (1) MR Diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) and (2) MR Perfusion-weighted imaging
(PWI) and extraction of volumes of interest based on numerical thresholds applied to the aforementioned maps. Computation of mismatch
between extracted volumes is automatically provided.

The device is intended to assist trained radiologists and surgeons in the imaging assessment workflow by extraction and communication
of metrics from MR Diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) and MR Perfusion-weighted imaging (PWI).

The results of MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and, based on
professional judgment, to assist the clinician in the medical imaging assessment. Trained radiologists and surgeons are responsible for
viewing the full set of native images per the standard of care.

The device does not alter the original medical image. MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 is not intended to be used as a standalone
diagnostic device and shall not be used to take decisions with diagnosis or therapeutic purposes. Patient management decisions should
not solely be based on MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 results.

MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 can be integrated and deployed through technical platforms, responsible for transferring, storing,
converting formats, notifying of detected image variations and display of DICOM imaging data.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
               ☒Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)                       Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)                                                            ☐Over-The-Counter
                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including
          the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and
         complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
          other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human
                                           Services Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                             Page 1 of 1                                           PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K223502
                                     510(k) SUMMARY
                  Olea Medical’s MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0

Submitter

Olea Medical
93 avenue des Sorbiers, ZI ATHELIA IV
13600, La Ciotat
France
Phone: +33 4 42 71 24 20
Facsimile: +33 4 42 71 24 27
Contact Person: Nathalie Palumbo

Date Prepared: January 9, 2023

Name of Device: MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0

Common or Usual Name: Picture archiving and communication system (PACS)

Regulation Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System

Regulatory Class: 21 CFR 892.2050

Product Code: LLZ

Predicate Device: Olea Sphere V3.0 (K152602)

Indications for Use

MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 is an automatic calculation tool indicated for use in radiology.
The device is an image processing software allowing computation of parametric maps from (1) MR
Diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) and (2) MR Perfusion-weighted imaging (PWI) and extraction of
volumes of interest based on numerical thresholds applied to the aforementioned maps. Computation
of mismatch between extracted volumes is automatically provided.

The device is intended to assist trained radiologists and surgeons in the imaging assessment workflow
by extraction and communication of metrics from MR Diffusion-weighted imaging (DWI) and MR
Perfusion-weighted imaging (PWI).

The results of MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 are intended to be used in conjunction with other
patient information and, based on professional judgment, to assist the clinician in the medical imaging
assessment. Trained radiologists and surgeons are responsible for viewing the full set of native images
per the standard of care.

The device does not alter the original medical image. MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 is not
intended to be used as a standalone diagnostic device and shall not be used to make decisions with
diagnosis or therapeutic purposes. Patient management decisions should not solely be based on MR
Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 results.

MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 can be integrated and deployed through technical platforms,
responsible for transferring, storing, converting formats, notifying of detected image variations and
display of DICOM imaging data.

Device Description

Introduction

The MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 application can be used to automatically compute
qualitative as well as quantitative perfusion maps based on the dynamic (first-pass) effect of a contrast
agent (CA). The perfusion application assumes that the input data describes a well-defined and
transient signal response following rapid administration of a contrast agent.

Olea Medical proposes MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 as an image processing application,
Picture Archiving Communications System (PACS) software module that is intended for use in a
technical environment which incorporates a Medical Image Communications Device as its technical
platform.

MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 interaction with the technical platform

To be used, the docker needs a technical base, which is provided by a Medical Image Communications
Device (MICD). The technical platform allows the docker to:
    •   receive the inputs
    •   provide the outputs
    •   visualize the outputs as the docker has no interface.

The technical base can support several applications encapsuled in a docker such as MR Diffusion
Perfusion Mismatch V1.0.

MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 principle of operations and technological characteristics

MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 image processing application is designed as a docker installed
on a technical platform (i.e., a Medical Image Communications Device), as depicted below.


                  MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 inputs/outputs

MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 is a docker totally independent from the technical platform in
which it is integrated:
•   Input DICOM images are received by the technical platform;
•   Relevant series are automatically identified among the images received in the platform by reading
    the relevant DICOM tags and are provided to the application;
•  The arrival of identified series will launch MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0;

•  The MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 processes the identified series;
•  The generated results are automatically pushed to the technical platform;
•  The results can be visualized with any DICOM viewer comprising but not limited to the technical
    platform or exported to dedicated file location.

Substantial Equivalence
                                     Substantial equivalence comparison table

       MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0     Olea Sphere® V3.0 (K152602)
           Parametric maps                    YES
         Volumes segmentation                YES
          Mismatch computation                YES

MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 represents a subset of the predicate Olea Sphere V3.0.
Comparative performance testing was conducted using the comparable Diffusion, Perfusion and
Analysis modules in Olea Sphere V3.0.

Both MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 and Olea Sphere® V3.0 are user-defined software
analysis tools used for the analysis of MR studies. Both devices are intended for use in hospitals and
imaging centers. Importantly, neither software product is used for diagnosis. Patient management
decisions should not be based solely on the results of either software. Therefore, the intended use of
the software is the same.

Both the MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 and Olea Sphere V3.0 have similar technological
characteristics as they both:

    •   provide processing capabilities for the analysis of MR series;
    •   are designed to be able to process MR series;
    •   are able to provide same outputs;
    •   are able to automatically compute the mismatch between extracted volumes.

The three minor differences between the two devices are:
    1. MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 represents a subset of Olea Sphere V3.0. Accordingly,
       the indications for use of the subject device, MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0, is
       considered substantially equivalent to Diffusion, Perfusion and Analysis modules of the
        predicate, Olea Sphere V3.0. Olea Sphere® V3.0 provides other processing capabilities both
      on MR and CT, whereas the MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 only analyzes MR images.
    2.  Olea Sphere V3.0 is equipped with a visualization interface, whereas MR Diffusion Perfusion
      Mismatch V1.0 needs to communicate with the technical platform to visualize the outputs.
    3.  The following are differences in the algorithms applied prior to maps computation:
           MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 uses a motion correction algorithm based on a
         3D rigid method, while Olea Sphere® V3.0 uses a 2D rigid motion correction algorithm.
             This difference does not impact the calculation method of the outputs.
           MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 uses a Diffusion Brain Extraction Tool (BET) and
           a Perfusion Background Segmentation step based on AI algorithms. This difference
           does not impact the calculation method of the outputs.

In sum, these minor differences do not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness of the subject
device.

Performance Data

Olea Medical has conducted extensive validation testing of the MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0.
Internal verification and validation testing confirm that the product specifications are met and supports
substantial equivalence of the intended use and technological characteristics to the predicate device.

MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 has been validated to ensure that the system meets all
performance specifications necessary to operate according to its intended use and in a manner
substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

The following performance evaluations were conducted:
           •  Product risk assessment;
           •  Software modules verification tests;
           •  Software validation test;
           •  Comparative clinical image study

Based on the clinical performance as documented in a comparative clinical image study, the MR
Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 has a safety and effectiveness profile that is similar to the predicate
device. Testing results are summarized below:

    •  Parametric maps result comparison: ADC, CBF, CBV, MTT and tMIP parametric maps
      computed with MR  Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 and Olea Sphere® V3.0 were
         statistically equivalent with Pearson and Spearman correlation coefficients greater than 0.8,
        while TTP and Tmax temporal maps did not meet the acceptance criteria. Indeed, TTP and
     Tmax values are more prone to differences induced by slight variations because these
       parameters depend on the acquisition grid. However, the qualitative assessment allowed an
     US board-certified neuroradiologist to conclude that all parametric maps were substantially
        equivalent.

    •  Volume_1: Bland-Altman analysis showed that the average estimated bias (average of
        differences) was close to zero (-0.33 ml), with 95% of the measurement differences ranging
      between -1.83 ml and +1.16 ml. These values were considered as acceptable, since they are
        within the range of inter-software variability reported in the literature for threshold-based
      volume segmentations. Moreover, they were also considered as acceptable according to an
     US board-certified neuroradiologist.

     Mean DICE index (similarity coefficient) was excellent and equal to 0.96 between MR Diffusion
       Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 and Olea Sphere® V3.0 Volume_1 segmentations. Moreover, the
       absolute mean of the differences was close to zero (0.63 ml). Scatterplot linear regression
        (excellent correlation with R2 = 0.99) and boxplots supported these findings. Finally, the
        appraisal performed by an US board-certified neuroradiologist led to the conclusion that
      Volume_1 was visually equivalent for all 30 cases.

    •  Volume_2: Bland-Altman analysis showed that the average estimated bias (average of
        differences) was small (-3.74 ml), with 95% of the measurement differences ranging between
       -33.59 ml and +26.10 ml. These values were considered as acceptable, since they are within
       the range of inter-software variability reported in the literature for threshold-based volume

segmentations. Moreover, they were also considered as acceptable according to an US boardcertified neuroradiologist.

      The variability of Volume_2 between both devices was reflected by a 0.75 mean DICE index.
       Moreover, the absolute mean of the differences remained low (11.77 ml), which is acceptable
       according to an US board-certified neuroradiologist, and the scatterplot linear regression
      showed an excellent correlation (R2 = 0.95). Moreover, the visual inspection performed by an
     US board-certified neuroradiologist led to the conclusion that Volume_2 was equivalent for all
      30 cases.

    •  Mismatch Ratio: Bland-Altman analysis showed that the average estimated bias was close
        to zero (0.88) with 95% of the measurement differences ranging between -11.01 and +12.77,
       which  is an acceptable range according to an US board-certified neuroradiologist. The
       absolute mean of the differences was 1.87, which is acceptable according to an US boardcertified neuroradiologist.

    •  Mismatch Volume: Bland-Altman analysis showed that the average estimated bias was -3.09
        ml, with 95% of the measurement differences ranging between -32.82 ml and +26.64 ml, which
         is an acceptable range according to an US board-certified neuroradiologist. The absolute
     mean of the differences was 11.81 ml, which is acceptable according to an US board-certified
        neuroradiologist.

    •   Relative Mismatch: Bland-Altman analysis showed that the average estimated bias was -6.57
      %, with 95% of the measurement differences ranging between -57.28 % and +44.15 %, which
         is an acceptable range according to an US board-certified neuroradiologist. The absolute
     mean of the differences was 13.21 %, which is acceptable according to an US board-certified
        neuroradiologist.

Conclusions

MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, Olea
Sphere® V3.0. The MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 has the same intended use and similar
indications for use, technological characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate device.

In addition, the minor technological differences between the MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0
and  its predicate devices raise no new questions of safety or effectiveness. Performance data
demonstrate that the MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 is as safe and effective as the Olea
Sphere® V3.0. Thus, the MR Diffusion Perfusion Mismatch V1.0 is substantially equivalent.