March 17, 2023

Alio, Inc.
℅ Kevin Go, MBA, RAC, CQA
Regulatory Consultant
RQM+
2790 Mosside Boulevard, Suite 800
Monroeville, Pennsylvania 15146


Re:   K223073
       Trade/Device Name: Alio
       Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2910
       Regulation Name: Radiofrequency physiological signal transmitter and receiver
       Regulatory Class: II
       Product Code: DRG, DQD
       Dated: February 15, 2023
       Received: February 15, 2023

Dear Kevin Go:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223073 - Kevin Go                                                                  Page 2


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                             Sincerely,
                 Gema Gonzalez -S
                              Gema Gonzalez, MS
                                        Acting Assistant Director
                              DHT3A: Division of Renal, Gastrointestinal,
                                           Obesity and Transplant Devices
                                OHT3: Office of GastroRenal, ObGyn,
                                          General Hospital and Urology Devices
                                          Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                         Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K223073
Device Name
Alio
Indications for Use (Describe)
Alio is a wireless remote monitoring system intended for use by healthcare providers (HCP) to collect physiological data
in clinical and non-clinical settings. The data includes measured hemoglobin (Hgb) and hematocrit (Het), skin
temperature, auscultation sound data, and heart rate. Data is transmitted wirelessly from the SmartPatch wearable sensor
to a web-based portal for the HCP’s review.
The data also include a qualitative indicator of abnormal levels of potassium derived from relative variability of
photoplethysmography waveforms and medically accepted threshold values.
Alio is intended for use on general care patients who are 18 years of age or older. The SmartPatch sensor is indicated to
provide measurement of heart rate, skin temperature, Hgb, Hct and a qualitative risk assessment of the patient having an
abnormal potassium level. The SmartPatch sensor is indicated to record and transmit auscultation sound data. For
qualitative assessment of abnormal potassium levels, and quantitative measurement of heart rate, skin temperature, Hgb
and Hct, the SmartPatch should be placed on an arm based arteriovenous access on patients with end stage kidney disease
(ESKD).
Alio is a secondary, adjunct patient monitor and is not intended to replace existing standard-of-care patient monitoring
practices. Therapeutic management decisions, including management of dyskalemia, should be made based on a complete
assessment of the patient’s condition and should not be based solely on Alio.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K223073
                                                        Page 1/5
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification                                                     Alio


                                  510(k) Summary

    DATE PREPARED
      March 17, 2022

    MANUFACTURER AND 510(k) OWNER
       Alio, Inc.
      10901 W. 120th Ave., Suite 380
       Broomfield, CO 80021 USA
       Telephone:    855-979-1600
        Official Contact: Kimberly Snyder, Vice President of Quality

     REPRESENTATIVE/CONSULTANT
      Kevin Go, MBA, RAC, CQA
       Allison Komiyama, Ph.D., RAC
    RQM+
       Telephone:   630-272-1282
       Email:      KGo@rqmplus.com
                 AKomiyama@rqmplus.com

     DEVICE INFORMATION
       Proprietary Name/Trade Name:     Alio
     Common Name:                   Alio
       Regulation Number:              21 CFR 870.2910
       Class:                             Class II
       Product Code:                DRG, DQD


     PREDICATE DEVICE IDENTIFICATION
       Alio is substantially equivalent to the following predicates:
        510(k) Number    Predicate Device Name / Manufacturer               Predicate/Reference
       K211365         Alio Medical Remote Monitoring System                   Predicate
                    Masimo Rad-67 Pulse CO-Oximeter and                 Reference       K182887                          Accessories
       K181956       Masimo MightSat Pulse Oximeter                       Reference
       K142209         Pulse oximeter NBM-200                               Reference
                    Masimo Rad-97 Pulse CO-Oximeter and                 Reference       K193626                          Accessories

     DEVICE DESCRIPTION
       Alio is a wireless remote monitoring system intended for use by healthcare providers (HCP) to
        collect physiological data in clinical and non-clinical settings. Alio is intended to be used on
       general care patients and patients with end stage kidney disease (ESKD), who are 18 years of age

K223073
                                                                   Page 2/5Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification                                                     Alio


       or older in clinical and non-clinical settings. Alio includes the following components:

          •  Alio SmartPatch
      The Alio SmartPatch is a flexible, silicone-encased patch designed to be worn between the
       cannulation sites of the arteriovenous (AV) fistula or graft for up to seven days. It houses numerous
       sensor technologies which collect data for the derivation of physiologic parameters including
       hemoglobin, hematocrit, an assessment of normal or abnormal (hyper or hypokalemic) levels of
      serum potassium (K+), skin temperature, auscultation sound data, and heart rate. The data from
       the sensors is transmitted from the SmartPatch to the Alio Hub via a bluetooth connection. The
       data is then transmitted to the Alio Cloud, via the Alio Hub, where it is analyzed and made
       available to a clinical care team via the Alio Portal.

          •  Alio Hub
      The Alio Hub is designed for use in clinical and non-clinical use settings.  It automatically
      communicates with the activated Alio SmartPatch via Bluetooth and uploads physiological data to
       the Alio Cloud via cellular connection.

          •  Alio Cloud
      The Alio Cloud allows clinicians to access patient data collected via the Alio SmartPatch and
       wirelessly transferred from the Alio Hub to the secure server (the Alio Cloud).

          •  Alio Portal
      The Alio Portal stores data received from the Alio Hub in an Alio Cloud database that supports
        storage, analytics, system monitoring and visualization capabilities. This data is encrypted and
     HIPAA compliant. The Alio Portal also serves as the interface with the HCP who can then
        visualize and interact with data being generated by the system.

     INDICATIONS FOR USE
       Alio is a wireless remote monitoring system intended for use by healthcare providers (HCP) to
        collect physiological data in clinical and non-clinical settings. The data includes measured
      hemoglobin (Hgb) and hematocrit (Hct), skin temperature, auscultation sound data, and heart rate.
      Data is transmitted wirelessly from the SmartPatch wearable sensor to a web-based portal for the
      HCP’s review.

      The data also include a qualitative indicator of abnormal levels of potassium derived from relative
        variability of photoplethysmography waveforms and medically accepted threshold values.

       Alio is intended for use on general care patients who are 18 years of age or older. The SmartPatch
       sensor is indicated to provide measurement of heart rate, skin temperature, Hgb, Hct and a
        qualitative risk assessment of the patient having an abnormal potassium level. The SmartPatch
       sensor is indicated to record and transmit auscultation sound data. For qualitative assessment of
      abnormal potassium levels, and quantitative measurement of heart rate, skin temperature, Hgb and

K223073
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification                                 Page 3/5         Alio


       Hct, the SmartPatch should be placed on an arm based arteriovenous access on patients with end
       stage kidney disease (ESKD).
       Alio is a secondary, adjunct patient monitor and is not intended to replace existing standard-ofcare patient monitoring practices. Therapeutic management decisions, including management of
       dyskalemia, should be made based on a complete assessment of the patient’s condition and should
       not be based solely on Alio.

    COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS
       Alio, Inc. believes that Alio is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices based on the
       information summarized here:

       Alio received previous clearance as the Alio Remote Monitoring System in K211365. This
       submission introduces several changes to the previously cleared device including:
           •  Expanding the indications for use to include measurements of hemoglobin (Hgb) and
                hematocrit (Hct) and a qualitative indicator of abnormal potassium levels. Additionally,
                 the device is being indicated for both clinical and non-clinical settings.
           •  Addition of an artificial intelligence/machine learning (AI/ML) algorithm used in the
                 calculation of the new physiologic parameters
           •  Modification of the adhesive used to secure the device to the patient
           •  Minor cosmetic dimensional changes to the Alio SmartPatch

       Alio and Alio Medical Remote Monitoring System (K211365) have the same intended use and
        similar indications, technological characteristics and principles of operation. The differences
       described above do not present any new issues of safety or effectiveness and have undergone nonclinical and clinical testing to ensure the device is as safe and effective as the predicates.

    SUMMARY OF NON-CLINICAL TESTING
       Nonclinical verification and validation test results established that the device meets its design
       requirements and intended use, that it is as safe, as effective, and performs as well as the predicate
       devices, and that no new issues of safety and effectiveness were raised. Alio was designed,
        verified, and validated according to the company's Design Control process and has been subjected
        to extensive safety and performance testing as shown in the test results provided in this submission.
       Verification and Validation testing data demonstrate that the device meets all of its specifications
       including compliance with the following standards:

              Safety
            ●  IEC 60601-1 3rd Ed.
            ●  IEC 60601-1-11:2010
            ●  IEC 80601-2-56:2017
            ●  IEC 80601-2-61:2017

K223073
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification                                                     Alio                                                                     Page 4/5


            ●  IEC 62471:2008
            ●  IEC 60529:2013
            ●  IEC 60086-4:2019

        EMC
            ●  IEC 60601-1-2:2007/2014
            ● FCC Part 15 Radio Frequency Devices, Subpart B - Unintentional Radiators

             Software
            ●  IEC 62304:2006/A1:2015
            ● FDA Guidance document, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions
                       for  Software Contained  in Medical Devices” and “Content  of Premarket
                    Submission for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices.”

               Usability
            ●  IEC 62366-1:2007/2015
            ● FDA Guidance document, “Applying Human Factors and Usability Engineering
                       to Medical Devices”

              Biocompatibility
            ●  ISO 10993-5:2009
            ●  ISO 10993-10:2010
            ●  ISO 10093-23:2021

    SUMMARY OF CLINICAL TESTING
     An IRB-approved clinical study has been conducted to validate the ability of Alio to quantify the
     new measurements and support the proposed expanded indications. Alio was studied in a multicenter, prospective study with 125 subjects. The purpose of this investigational study is to establish
       the accuracy of Alio in the assessment of abnormal potassium levels, and measurement of Hgb
      and Hct, compared to the standard of care blood results and heart rate.

      The clinical validation study evaluated patients within the defined Hgb and Hct reference ranges
       (7-15 g/dL Hgb, 21-45% Hct) with only a single value recorded outside the ranges. The results of
       the study demonstrate that Alio can accurately assess abnormal potassium levels and measure
      hemoglobin (Hgb) and hematocrit (Hct) when placed on an arteriovenous access site in patients
       with ESKD. The results further confirm that Alio can still accurately measure heart rate and record
       auscultation sound data at the new location. In conclusion, the results of this IRB study support
       the safety and efficacy of the device for the clinical intended use.

    CONCLUSION
      Based on the information submitted in this premarket notification, and based on the indications

K223073
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification                                Page 5/5          Alio


        for use, technological characteristics and performance testing, Alio raises no new questions of
        safety and effectiveness and is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices in terms of
        safety, efficacy, and performance