TechsoMed Medical Tehnologies, Ltd.
℅ Janice Hogan
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
1735 Market Street
Suite 2300
PHILADELPHIA PA 19103                                      August 28, 2023


Re: K223639
    Trade/Device Name: VisAble.IO
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QTZ, LLZ and QIH
    Dated: July 31, 2023
    Received: August 1, 2023

Dear Janice Hogan:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223639 - Janice Hogan                                                                Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, PhD
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                            Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form Approved: OMB
                        Food and Drug Administration                           No. 0910-0120 Expiration
                  Indications for Use                            Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                     See PRA Statement
                                                                              below

510(k) Number (if known)

K223639
Device Name

VisAble.IO
Indications for Use (Describe)


VisAble.IO is a Computed Tomography (CT) image processing software package available for use
with liver ablation procedures.

VisAble.IO is controlled by the user via a user interface.

VisAble.IO imports images from CT scanners and facility PACS systems for display and processing
during liver ablation planning.

VisAble.IO is used to assist physicians in planning liver ablation procedures, including identifying
ablation targets and virtual ablation needle placement. VisAble.IO is used to assist physicians in
confirming ablation zones.

The software is not intended for diagnosis. The software is not intended to predict ablation volumes
or predict ablation success.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
        ☒ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   ☐ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR
              801 Subpart C)

                 CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

            This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
   *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per
         response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather
        and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information.
        Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information
           collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of
                                          Health and Human
                                           Services Food and
                                      Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork
                                         Reduction Act
                                      (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs
                                           .gov

    “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                       information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                             Page 1 of 1                     PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

                                      1

                                                                                     524

510(k) SUMMARY
                             TechsoMed’s VisAble.IO
                                   K223639

Submitter

TechsoMed Medical Technologies. LTD.
Meir Weisgal 2 Rehovot Israel
Phone:+972-545595951


Contact Person: Dalia Dickman, PhD.
Date Prepared: August 23rd, 2023


Name of Device: VisAble.IO

Common or Usual Name: VisAble.IO

Classification Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System (21 CFR 892.2050)

Regulatory Class: Class II

Product Code: QTZ, QIH, LLZ


Predicate Devices

 510(k) Number                           K202297
 Trade Name                                     Aline Ablation Intelligence
 Manufacturer                                Mirada Medical Ltd
 Device Name                                    Aline Ablation Intelligence
 Regulation Number                           892.2050
 Regulation Name                                     Picture Archiving and Communications System
 Regulatory Class                             Class II
 Primary Product Code                      LLZ


Device Description

VisAble.IO is a stand-alone software application with tools and features designed to assist users in
planning ablation procedures as well as tools for treatment confirmation. The use environment for
VisAble.IO is the Operating Room and the hospital healthcare environment such as interventional
radiology control room.

VisAble.IO has five distinct workflow steps:

          •   Data Import
          •   Anatomic Structures Segmentation (Liver, Hepatic Vein, Portal Vein, Ablation Target)

                                      1

•   Instrument Placement (Needle Planning)
          •   Ablation Zone Segmentation
          •   Treatment Confirmation (Registration of Pre- and Post-Interventional Images; Quantitative
            Analysis)

Of these workflow steps, two (Anatomic Segmentation and Instrument Placement) make use of the
planning image. These workflow steps contain features and tools designed to support the planning of
ablation procedures. The other two (Ablation Zone Segmentation, and Treatment Confirmation) make
use of the confirmation image volume. These workflow steps contain features and tools designed to
support the evaluation of the ablation procedure’s technical performance in the confirmation image
volume.

Key features of the VisAble.IO Software include:

          •   Workflow steps availability
          •  Manual and automated tools for anatomic structures and ablation zone segmentation
          •   Overlaying and positioning virtual instruments (ablation needles) and user-selected
           estimates of the ablation regions onto the medical images
          •  Image fusion and registration
          •  Compute achieved margins and missed volumes to help the user assess the coverage of
           the ablation target by the ablation zone
          •   Data saving and secondary capture generation

The software components provide functions for performing operations related to image display,
manipulation, analysis, and quantification, including features designed to facilitate segmentation of the
ablation target and ablation zones.

The software system runs on a dedicated computer and is intended for display and processing, of a
Computed Tomography (CT), including contrast enhanced images.

The system can be used on patient data for any patient demographic chosen to undergo the ablation
treatment.

VisAble.IO uses several algorithms to perform operations to present information to the user in order
for them to evaluate the planned and post ablation zones. These include:

          •   Segmentation
          •  Image Registration
          •  Measurement and Quantification


VisAble.IO is intended to be used for ablations with the following ablation instruments:

For needle planning, the software currently supports the following needle models:

−       Medtronic: Emprint Antenna 15CM, 20CM, 30CM
−     NeuWave Medical: PR Probe 15CM, 20CM; PR XT Probe 15CM, 20CM; LK
       Probe 15CM, 20CM; LK XT Probe 15CM, 20CM

For treatment confirmation (including segmentation and registration), the software is
compatible  with  all  ablation  devices  as  these  functions  are  independent  from
probes/power settings.
                                      2

Intended Use / Indications for Use

VisAble.IO is a Computed Tomography (CT) image processing software package available for use
with liver ablation procedures.

VisAble.IO is controlled by the user via a user interface.

VisAble.IO imports images from CT scanners and facility PACS systems for display and processing
during liver ablation procedures.

VisAble.IO is used to assist physicians in planning liver ablation procedures, including identifying
ablation targets and virtual ablation needle placement. VisAble.IO is used to assist physicians in
confirming ablation zones.

The software is not intended for diagnosis. The software is not intended to predict ablation volumes or
predict ablation success.

Technological Characteristics Comparison

Both the subject and predicate device are stand-alone software applications with tools and features
designed to assist users  in planning  liver ablation procedures as well as tools  for treatment
confirmation. The use environment for both the subject and predicate device is the Operating Room
and the hospital healthcare environment such as interventional radiology control room. Both the
subject and predicate device have the same five distinct workflow steps:
• Data Import
• Anatomic  Structures Segmentation  (Ablation  Target Segmentation  only  for  Aline  Ablation
Intelligence)
• Instrument Placement (Needle Planning)
• Ablation Zone Segmentation
• Treatment Confirmation (Registration of Pre- and Post-Interventional Images; Quantitative Analysis)
The following technological differences exist between the subject and predicate devices:
The primary difference between devices is that the subject device includes an additional software
feature to the user that provides initial 3D segmentation of vessels and anatomy of the liver. In addition,
while the predicate device supports image processing of both Computed Tomography (CT) as well as
Magnetic Resonance (MR), the subject device supports image processing of CT only. A table
comparing the key features of the subject and predicate devices is provided below.

 Characteristic    VisAble.IO                             Aline Ablation Intelligence

 510(K) number   K223639                           K202297

 Classification     Class II. 892.2050 QTZ, QIH, LLZ          Class II. 892.2050 LLZ


                                      3

Indications for     VisAble.IO is a Computed Tomography     Aline Ablation Intelligence is a
Use             (CT) image processing software         Computed Tomography (CT) and
                package available for use with liver        Magnetic Resonance (MR) image
                   ablation procedures.                      processing software package available
                                                                        for use with ablation procedures.

                                                               Aline Ablation Intelligence is controlled
                                                     by the user via a user interface on a
                                                                workstation.
                  VisAble.IO is controlled by the user via a
                 user interface.                              Aline Ablation intelligence imports
                                                    images from CT and MR scanners and
                  VisAble.IO imports images from CT           facility PACS systems for display and
                 scanners and facility PACS systems for     processing during ablation procedures.
                   display and processing during liver
                   ablation procedures.                        Aline Ablation Intelligence is used to
                                                                 assist physicians in planning ablation
                                                          procedures, including identifying
                                                                ablation targets and virtual ablation
                  VisAble.IO is used to assist physicians                                                        needle placement. Aline Ablation
                      in planning liver ablation procedures,                                                                  Intelligence is used to assist physicians
                   including identifying ablation targets and                                                                        in confirming ablation zones.
                      virtual ablation needle placement.
                  VisAble.IO is used to assist physicians     The software is not intended for
                      in confirming ablation zones.               diagnosis. The software is not intended
                                                                   to predict ablation volumes or predict
                                                                ablation success.

               The software is not intended for
                   diagnosis. The software is not intended
                    to predict ablation volumes or predict
                   ablation success.

Target          The intended patient population is the    The intended patient population is the
Population         patient demographic chosen by            patient demographic chosen by
                    interventional radiologists to undergo       interventional radiologists to undergo
                   ablation treatment (including patient with   ablation treatment (including patient with
                     soft tissue lesions).                          soft tissue lesions).

Where Used     The application’s use environment is the   The application’s use environment is the
                 Operating Room and the hospital         Operating Room and the hospital
                  healthcare environment such as           healthcare environment such as
                   interventional radiology control room.       interventional radiology control room.

Energy Used     None – software only application. The    None – software only application. The
                  software application does not deliver or    software application does not deliver or
                depend on energy delivered to or from   depend on energy delivered to or from
                    patients                                    patients


                                     4

Intended Users   Physicians                               Physicians

Design:        CT                                CT;MRI
Supported
modalities

Design: Data    Window and level, pan, zoom, cross-     Window and level, pan, zoom, crossVisualization       hairs, slice navigation                        hairs, slice navigation
Design; Image    Tools for segmenting 3D VOIs, including   Tools for segmenting 3D VOIs, including
Segmentation     target tissues, ablation zones, vessels      target tissues and ablation zones.
               and anatomy of the liver.

Design: Image    Registration of multiple images into a       Registration of multiple images and
registration        single view.                            imaging modalities into a single view.

Design:           Registration of the planning scan,          Registration of the planning scan,
Ablation zone     containing the identified target tissue,      containing the identified target tissue,
confirmation                   with the confirmation scan showing the     with the confirmation scan showing the
                   ablation zone. The delineated target        ablation zone. The delineated target
                   tissue on the planning scan is then         tissue on the planning scan is then
                  projected onto the confirmation scan and   projected onto the confirmation scan and
                   overlaid onto the delineated ablation       overlaid onto the delineated ablation
               zone segmentation. This helps the user   zone segmentation. This helps the user
                     in analyzing if the ablation zone covers     in analyzing if the ablation zone covers
                  the target tissue with the desired amount   the target tissue with the desired amount
                    of margin.                                    of margin.

Design: Save    Key images can be acquired which may    Key images can be acquired which may
key images      be saved locally.                      be saved back to PACS or any DICOM
                                                         nodes.


                                     5

Performance Data

VisAble.IO is validated and verified against its user needs and intended use by the successful
execution of planned performance, functional and algorithmic testing included in this submission.

The results of performance, functional and algorithmic testing demonstrate that VisAble.IO meets
the user needs and requirements of the device, which are considered to be substantially equivalent
to those of the listed predicate device.

Performance testing (Bench) was performed on the following features, to ensure that performance
and accuracy was as expected:

          •   Segmentation post-processing Testing

          •  Image Registration Testing

          •  Measurement and Quantification Testing

The liver segmentation and liver vessel segmentation algorithms are AI algorithms. The training
and model validation dataset characteristics are as follows:

Liver Segmentation Algorithm:

    •   Patients
            •  1091 contrast-enhanced CT images from arterial or venous phases in axial
                orientation
            •  Age distribution: 50.70 ± 24.14
            •  Sex distribution: 34.58% female, 65.42% male
            •   Location of clinical sites: Germany, France, Turkey, Japan, Israel, Netherlands,
             Canada, USA, UK
    •   Imaging procedure: Contrast-enhanced CT images taken for diagnostic reading
    •  Number of clinical sites: 38
Liver Vessel Segmentation Algorithm:

    •   Patients
            •  N=393 contrast-enhanced CT images from the portal-venous or late venous
             phases in axial orientation
            •  Age distribution: 51.40 ± 22.81
            •  Sex distribution: 37.43% female, 62.57% male
            •   Location of clinical sites: Central Europe, North America, East Asia
    •   Imaging procedure: Contrast-enhanced CT images taken for diagnostic reading in liver
       diagnosis
    •  Number of clinical sites: 36


The following table provides a summary of the validation results:
                                    6

Algorithm     N   Gender  Mean  N per    CT Brand     Primary             Primary Endpoint
                         Age    Region                 Performance Goal
Liver          50   M: 52%  60.6   US: 32   GE Medical   Mean DICE =0.92   Mean DICE =0.98
Segmentation         F: 48%       OUS: 18   Systems,
                                           Siemens
Ablation       59   M: 54%  60.0   US: 30   GE Medical   Mean DICE = 0.70  Mean DICE = 0.80
Target                F: 46%       OUS: 29   Systems,
Segmentation                                  Siemens,
                                                         Philips
Ablation Zone   59  M:64%   66.0   US: 30   GE Medical   Mean DICE = 0.70  Mean DICE = 0.86
Segmentation         F: 36%        OUS: 29   Systems,
                                           Siemens
Liver Vessels   100  M: 52%  58.5   US: 72   GE Medical   Mean DICE = 0.70  Mean DICE = 0.72
Segmentation         F: 48%       OUS: 28   Systems,
                                           Siemens
PrePost        46   M: 59%  63.3   US: 13   GE Medical   MCD*= 6.06 mm    MCD*=4.11 mm
Ablation               F: 41%        OUS: 33   Systems,
Image                                         Siemens,
Registration                                            Philips
     *MCD=Mean Corresponding Distance
      VisAble.IO  provides  functions  including  linear  distance  measurements  and  volumetric
     measurements. The resolution of the medical image data directly affects the ability of the user to
     make definitive measurements, especially when the sizes of structures to identify, segment or
     measure are near the resolution of the image data. The software’s functions are dependent on the
      user actions as well as on the available information in the provided medical image data.

      Segmentation tools provided within VisAble.IO include manual and semiautomated segmentation,
     and system post-processing of segmentations to remove 2D-holes and/or disconnected 3D regions
      present. The use of the segmentation tools to achieve a satisfactory delineation of ablation target or
       ablation zone is a user operation and the clinical accuracy of segmentation is the responsibility of
      the user and not a VisAble.IO function.

      Registration tools provided within VisAble.IO include automated local rigid registration within a
      region of interest around user-segmentations of ablation targets and ablation zones. Final accuracy
       of registration is dependent on user assessment and manual modification of the registration prior
       to acceptance, and not a VisAble.IO function.

     Measurements of the achieved margins and missed volumes, calculated by comparing the
      segmentations, are presented by the system following user acceptance of segmentations and
       registration as clinically accurate. Accuracy of linear distance measures calculated by VisAble.IO
      are dependent on the image resolution.

      Test planning was performed in accordance with standard testing procedures and guidelines as
       listed in internal development processes.

       Verification and validation testing were carried out as per planned arrangements in the Project Test
      Plan and Phase Test Plan(s) to ensure that design outputs meet design inputs and that this edition
       of VisAble.IO meets the product acceptance criteria. These are in accordance with the company's
      Design Control process in compliance with 21 CFR Part 820.30, which included testing that fulfills
      the requirements of FDA "Guidance on Software Contained in Medical Devices" and adherence to
      the DICOM standard.
       Potential risks were analyzed and satisfactorily mitigated in the device design.

                                         7

Based on the use-related risk analysis, it was determined that all potential use errors identified
would not result in serious harm to patients or operators. Risk controls were also added to mitigate
the use-related risks as much as possible, and the potential harm remains low. Therefore, no
critical tasks were identified and human factors validation testing is not required to evaluate the
use-related risks.

Conclusions

The VisAble.IO is as safe and effective as the Aline Ablation Intelligence. The VisAble.IO has the
same intended uses and similar indications, technological characteristics, and principles of
operation as its predicate device. The minor differences in indications do not alter the intended use
of the device and do not affect its safety and effectiveness when used as labeled. In addition, the
minor technological differences between the VisAble.IO and its predicate device raise no new
issues of safety or effectiveness. Performance data demonstrate that the VisAble.IO is as safe and
effective as the Aline Ablation Intelligence. Thus, the VisAble.IO is substantially equivalent to the
predicate device.


                                    8