May 4, 2023
Philips Ultrasound
℅ Sudipta Chakrabarti
Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist
22100 Bothell Everett Hwy.
BOTHELL WA 98021


Re: K223771
    Trade/Device Name: Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1550
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic pulsed doppler imaging system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: IYN, IYO, ITX, QIH
    Dated: March 30, 2023
    Received: March 30, 2023

Dear Sudipta Chakrabarti:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223771 - Sudipta Chakrabarti                                                       Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                Yanna S. Kang -S

                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
Device Name
Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System
Indications for Use (Describe)
The Philips Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System is intended for diagnostic ultrasound imaging in B
(2D), Color Doppler, Combined (B+Color), Pulsed Wave Doppler (PWD), and M-modes.
It is indicated for diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid flow analysis in the following applications:
Fetal/Obstetric,Abdominal, Pediatric, Cephalic, Urology, Gynecological, Cardiac Fetal Echo, Small
Organ,Musculoskeletal, Peripheral Vessel, Carotid, Cardiac, Lung.
The Lumify system is a transportable ultrasound system intended for use in environments where
healthcare is provided by healthcare professionals.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Oo Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

TRADITIONAL 510(k)
                                            Philips Ultrasound
           Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Expanded B-lines Software Feature


510(k) Number: K223771


 This summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with 21 CFR § 807.92.


1.  Submitter’s name, address, telephone number, contact person
    Manufacturer:              Philips Ultrasound
                            22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                   Bothell, WA 98021-8431
    Contact Person:           Sudipta Chakrabarti
                                     Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                           TEL: +1 (203) -213-6862
                                 sudipta.chakrabarti@philips.com
    Secondary Contact:       Tamara Daniels
                                     Sr. Regulatory Affairs Manager
                           TEL: +1 (203) -213-6862
                                tamara.daniels@philips.com
    Date Prepared:         May 1, 2023

2. Name of the device, including the trade of proprietary name if applicable, the common or usual
   name, and the classification name, if known:
     Proprietary Name:       Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System
   Common Name:           Diagnostic ultrasound system and transducers
     Regulation Description:      Classification Name               21 CFR §    Product Code
                               Primary
                                   System, imaging, pulsed doppler,      892.1550       IYN
                                        ultrasonic
                                Secondary
                                   System, imaging, pulsed echo,         892.1560       IYO
                                        ultrasonic
                                     Transducer, ultrasonic, diagnostic      892.1570       ITX
                                Automated Radiological Image        892.2050       QIH
                                     Processing Software

     Device Class:              Class II
     Classification Panel:       Radiology


                                                                             Page 2 of 8

TRADITIONAL 510(k)
                                            Philips Ultrasound
           Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Expanded B-lines Software Feature

3.  Indications for Use and Intended Use

   There is no change to the intended use and indications for use of the subject device as compared to the
    predicates.

    3.1 Indications for Use

   The Philips Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System is intended for diagnostic ultrasound imaging in
    B(2D), Color Doppler, Combined (B+Color), Pulsed Wave Doppler, and M-modes.

     It is indicated for diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid flow analysis in the following applications:
    Fetal/Obstetric, Abdominal, Pediatric, Cephalic, Urology, Gynecological, Cardiac Fetal Echo, Small
    Organ, Musculoskeletal, Peripheral Vessel, Carotid, Cardiac, Lung.

   The Lumify system is a transportable ultrasound system intended for use in environments where
    healthcare is provided by healthcare professionals.

    3.2 Intended Use

   The intended use of the product is to collect ultrasound image data that may be used by clinicians for
    diagnostic and procedural purposes. The product shall provide the ability for gathering clinically
    acceptable images and ultrasound data for the clinical presets and anatomies listed under the
    indications for use.

    This product is intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with safety procedures
   and operating instructions given in the product user information, and only for the purposes for which
      it was designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces the user’s responsibility for
   sound clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.

4.  Device Description Summary

   The Philips Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System (Lumify) is a mobile, durable, and reusable,
    software-controlled medical device, which is intended to acquire high-resolution ultrasound data and
    to display the data in B (2D), Pulsed Wave Doppler, Color Doppler, Combined (B+ Color), and M
   modes. It is intended to be used by trained professionals at various settings of patient point of care
    such as clinical admission, periodic evaluations, and prior to hospitalization discharge.

   The Lumify system is compatible with iOS or Android operating systems. The B-lines feature is
    compatible only with Android operating systems and utilizes:

    •  A commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) Android mobile device (smart phone or tablet)
    •  The Philips Ultrasound Lumify software running as an application on the COTS device
    •  The Philips C5-2 Curved array USB transducer
    •  The Philips L12-4 Linear array USB transducer
    •  The Philips S4-1 Sector array USB transducer
    •  Lumify Micro B Transducer Cable
   •  Lumify Micro C Transducer Cable


                                                                             Page 3 of 8

TRADITIONAL 510(k)
                                        Philips Ultrasound
       Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Expanded B-lines Software Feature


          Figure 4-1: Hardware components of Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System.

The Lumify system software provides various imaging features, including an Android-specific feature
with a guided scan protocol for comprehensive exams and real-time automated B-line assessment
during lung exams. B-lines occur when sound waves encounter a mixture of air and water. They are
hyperechoic imaging artifacts that appear in a lung exam as long bands of varying widths that
originate at the pleural line and extend vertically the length of the ultrasound image. Often, when
many B-lines are present and close together, they can merge together and become hard to distinguish
from one another and difficult to count accurately. The observation of multiple B-lines merging
together is referred to as “merged B-lines” (or otherwise as confluent B-lines, coalescent B-lines, or
“white lung” pattern); this can occur as more fluid builds up in the lungs and it becomes increasingly
difficult to differentiate between multiple singular B-lines.

The automated B-lines feature is only available in the Lung Preset (which is a specific setting the user
selects for ultrasound scanning of the lung) for devices utilizing an Android operating system. The
automated B-lines feature also provides a summary page for users to review the highlighted B-lines.
The device is a sonographic tool used for assessment of lung involvements in conditions, such as
pneumonia, pulmonary edema, lung contusion, and acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS)
along with clinical and radiological information.

When compared to the predicate device, the subject device has the same software features, but with
the addition of an expanded algorithm which includes the detection of merged (confluent) B-lines in
the cine loop. In the same manner as the original B-line counting algorithm, the expanded algorithm
analyzes lung ultrasound cine video clips (cine loops) acquired using the Lumify Diagnostic
Ultrasound System and provides the user the number of B-lines in the loop. The capability of the
existing automated B-lines feature (K203406) has been extended to include detection of the presence
of merged B-line in cine loops (subject of this submission) and to include support of the expanded Blines feature (including B-line counting) on a previously cleared Lumify C5-2 transducer (K152899).
This software enhancement does not alter the intended use of the device but provides additional
functionality to clinical workflows during lung related applications. The Lumify L12-4 and S4-1
transducers were cleared for use with the B-line counting feature via K203406.

                                                                          Page 4 of 8

TRADITIONAL 510(k)
                                            Philips Ultrasound
           Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Expanded B-lines Software Feature

   The Expanded B-lines Software Feature, with the updated merged B-line detection feature, uses
   machine learning as part of the algorithm design. Relevant image features extracted from a lung
    ultrasound cine loop are provided to a machine learning classifier that identifies B-lines and/or
   merged B-lines in each frame. While the user is scanning the patient during the ultrasound exam, the
    software automatically counts the number of B-lines in each frame of the loop and determines
    whether B-lines are considered to be merged. Identified B-lines and merged B-lines in each frame
    throughout the loop are highlighted.

    After the cine loop is acquired, the software determines whether the loop is considered positive for
   merged B-line. If so, the software reports an output category “⊥” (merged B-line) for that loop.
    Otherwise, if not merged, the software determines the maximum B-line count within the loop,
    reported as one of three output categories, “0 B-lines”, “1-2 B-lines”, or “3+ B-lines”. In this way, the
    subject device informs the user of the presence of merged B-lines in the cine loop, where a B-line
    count may no longer be an appropriate measurement for that loop. The user can review the
    highlighted B-lines and merged B-lines and can accept or adjust the reported cine loop output
    category (0, 1-2, 3+, or ⊥) provided by the software in cases where he or she disagrees with the
    algorithm output (B-line count or presence of merging). The approved result is then saved for
    reporting. The software can record the results for up to 12 lung zones (8 anterior zones and 4 posterior
    zones).

   The Philips Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System highlights merged B-lines in the frames of a cine
    loop through depiction of a rendered drawing of a bold inverted T (⊥). The software leverages the
   Lumify application for image acquisition, visualization, and reporting. The algorithm, that used
     artificial intelligence/machine learning in its development, is locked (meaning no further adjustments
   by the algorithm are made and it does not continue to learn once commercialized).

   The B-lines algorithm update has no impact on the design, workflow, or intended users of the
    predicate. This software enhancement does not alter the intended use of the device but provides
    additional functionality to clinical workflows during lung related applications.

5.  Substantially Equivalent Devices

   Predicate Device:            K203406 – Philips Ultrasound – Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound
                                System
   Reference Device:            K152899 – Philips Ultrasound – Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound
                                  System, C5-2 transducer

6.  Technological Comparison to Predicate Devices

   The Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Merged B-line Counting feature and associated
   Lumify C5-2 transducer (subject devices) are substantially equivalent to the currently marketed
    predicate devices (K203406 and K152899, respectively).

   The following Table 6.1 provides an overview of the comparison between the subject devices and the
    currently marketed predicates.


                                                                             Page 5 of 8

TRADITIONAL 510(k)
                                            Philips Ultrasound
           Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Expanded B-lines Software Feature

      Standard Feature     Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound          Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound
                         System K223771 (Subject Device)     System K2030406 (Predicate Device)
    Scientific Technology     Ultrasound Imaging                   Ultrasound Imaging
   Intended Use              Philips Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound   Philips Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound
                          System is intended for diagnostic       System is intended for diagnostic
                              ultrasound imaging in B (2D), Pulsed    ultrasound imaging in B (2D), Pulsed
                         Wave, Color Doppler, Combined      Wave, Color Doppler, Combined
                             (B+Color), and M modes.              (B+Color), and M modes.
   Indications for Use      Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound         Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System
                          System is indicated for diagnostic         is indicated for diagnostic ultrasound
                              ultrasound imaging and fluid flow      imaging and fluid flow analysis in the
                                analysis in the following applications:   following applications:
                                 Fetal/Obstetric, Abdominal, Pediatric,   Fetal/Obstetric, Abdominal, Pediatric,
                              Cephalic, Urology, Gynecological,      Cephalic, Urology, Gynecological,
                             Cardiac Fetal Echo, Small Organ,       Cardiac Fetal Echo, Small Organ,
                              Musculoskeletal, Peripheral Vessel,     Musculoskeletal, Peripheral Vessel,
                               Carotid, Cardiac, Lung.                 Carotid, Cardiac, Lung.

                          Lumify is a transportable ultrasound    Lumify is a transportable ultrasound
                            system intended for use in             system intended for use in
                            environments where healthcare is       environments where healthcare is
                             provided by healthcare professionals.    provided by healthcare professionals.
   Modes of Operations    B (2D), Pulse Wave, Color Doppler,   B (2D), Pulse Wave, Color Doppler,
                         Combined (B+Color), and M modes    Combined (B+Color), and M modes
   Transducers            L12-4                             L12-4
                           S4-1                               S4-1
                          C5-2
   Primary Product Code   IYN                         IYN
   Secondary Product      IYO, ITX, QIH                    IYO, ITX
   Code
   Principles of Operation   Automatic counting of B-lines and      Automatic counting of B-lines, with
   (subject merged B-lines   detection of merged B-lines, with        optional manual adjustment of results
   Feature)                   optional manual adjustment of results   provided by the software.
                             provided by the software.
          Table 6.1 Technological Comparison of Proposed Subject Device & Predicate Device.

7.  Non-Clinical Performance Data
   The proposed modification of the Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System was tested in accordance
    with Philips internal procedures. Philips Ultrasound tested the subject device per the following
    standards to ensure the continued safe and effective performance:
    •  IEC 62304 Medical device software - Software life cycle processes, 2006 + A 2015
    •  IEC62366-1 Medical devices – Part 1: Application of usability engineering to medical devices,
       2015
    •  ISO 14971 Medical devices- Application of risk management to medical devices, 2019


    Non-clinical verification testing was conducted to address the change and performance test data was
    provided to support the introduction of the subject software algorithm for the merged B-lines feature.
   The activities to assure the safe and effective performance of the software revision included, but are
    not limited to, the following:

                                                                             Page 6 of 8

TRADITIONAL 510(k)
                                            Philips Ultrasound
           Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Expanded B-lines Software Feature

   •   Requirements Review
   •   Risk Analysis and Management
   •   Product Specifications
   •  Design Reviews
    Non-Clinical Verification Testing of requirements, consisted of feature-specific functional testing,
    transducer compatibility, user interface and workflow testing related to new functionality introduced in
    B-Lines for this submission as part of the software verification activities for the system and for each
    transducer supporting the B-lines feature.
    Since this is a software only change and no new hardware was added, no acoustic output, cleaning
   and disinfectant, thermal, electrical, electromagnetic and mechanical safety testing were required.
    Biocompatibility testing is not needed for the subject Lumify Ultrasound System with Automated BLine Counting. The transducer patient contact materials and manufacturing processes are not
    impacted by the release of the subject Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with automated B-line
    counting.

8.  Clinical Performance Data

   Summary of Clinical Tests
    There was no clinical investigation needed for this premarket submission of the Lumify Diagnostic
    Ultrasound System with Expanded B-lines software feature, which is an artificial intelligence-based
    feature.

    Artificial Intelligence Summary
  A study using previously collected clinical ultrasound images with prospective reads by clinicians
   was conducted to evaluate the performance (including merged B-lines and B-line counting). The data
    used for clinical performance study were completely distinct from that used during training of the
    algorithm, and there was no overlap between the two data sets.

    Dataset
  A study involving review by clinicians of 416 LUS (lung ultrasound) video loops were collected from
   157 subjects presenting with shortness of breath in a hospital setting. Each subject may have
    contributed up to 4 video loops. The study data were collected to ensure full coverage of lung, both
    posterior and interior as well as left and right lungs. The dataset was representative of videos
    collected from three different transducers.

   The demographic distribution of the performance testing includes the following:
    Gender             Male and Female
    Age                18 to> 89
     Ethnicity              Hispanic or Latino and Not Hispanic or Latino

  A pre-defined success criteria for the study was assessed as Artificial Intelligence (AI) agreement to
    the clinicians (ground truth: majority agreement). The agreement target was determined through pilot
    study conducted to assess clinician’s agreement and determined to be based on lower confidence
    limits of 0.746 for both sensitivity and specificity.
   The algorithm performance was verified in sub-groups:
    •   Transducer: C5-2, L12-4, S4-1
                                                                             Page 7 of 8

TRADITIONAL 510(k)
                                            Philips Ultrasound
           Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Expanded B-lines Software Feature

    •  BMI: <30,>=30,>=40
    •  Image quality: Poor or Good
    Results
    Algorithm performance for merged B-line detection and B-line counting was compared to clinician
    readings.

    For merged B-line detection, the sensitivity, specificity, and accuracy (where confidence interval is
    abbreviated as CI) were as follows:

                    Sample size          Sensitivity              Specificity      Transducer                       (video loops)       (95% CI)          (95% CI)
           All            416           0.83 (0.77, 0.88)        0.92 (0.88, 0.96)
         C5-2            146           0.89 (0.79, 0.95)        0.96 (0.89, 0.99)
         S4-1            150           0.81 (0.72, 0.88)        0.92 (0.80, 0.98)
        L12-4           120           0.74 (0.57, 0.88)        0.89 (0.81, 0.95)


    For B-line counting, the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) for maximum B-line count was as
    follows:

                    Sample size      Transducer                          ICC (95% CI)                       (video loops)
           All            416                      0.91 (0.89, 0.93)
         C5-2            146                      0.94 (0.91, 0.95)
         S4-1            150                      0.87 (0.82, 0.90)
        L12-4           120                      0.91 (0.88, 0.94)


   Conclusion
   The study demonstrates the safety and efficacy of the Expanded B-Lines Software Feature and
    confirms the device met the clinical user needs as intended.

9.  Sterilization

   Not applicable. The ultrasound transducers are not supplied sterile.

10. Conclusion

    For testing, all pre-determined acceptance criteria were met. Results of these tests show that the
    proposed subject device meets its intended use.

   The changes made to the subject device do not affect the use of the device, nor do they introduce any
   new or significantly modified risks. The results of the relevant performance and compatibility tests
    support a determination that the proposed subject device does not raise new questions of safety or
    effectiveness. Therefore, the subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device
   (K203406) in terms of indications for use, design, technological characteristics, modes of operations,
    safety, and effectiveness.
                                                                             Page 8 of 8