GE Medical Systems SCS
℅ Ning Wen
Regulatory Affairs Program Manager Associate
283, rue de la Miniere
Buc, 78530
FRANCE

Re: K223490                                                March 21, 2023
    Trade/Device Name: FlightPlan for Embolization
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: February 22, 2023
    Received: February 22, 2023

Dear Ning Wen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223490 - Ning Wen                                                                  Page 2


801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices
                                          and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K223490

Device Name

FlightPlan for Embolization

Indications for Use (Describe)

FlightPlan for Embolization is a post processing software package that helps the analysis of 3D X-ray angiography
images. Its output is intended to be used by physicians as an adjunct means to help visualize vasculature during the
planning phase of embolization procedures. FlightPlan for Embolization is not intended to be used during therapy
delivery.

The output includes segmented vasculature, and selective display of proximal vessel and distal vessels from a reference
point determined by the user. User-defined data from the 3D X-ray angiography images may be exported for use during
the guidance phase of the procedure. The injection points should be confirmed independently of FlightPlan for
Embolization prior to therapy delivery.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

GE HealthCare
                                                                 FlightPlan for Embolization
                                                  510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

                  510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness       K223490

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided.

 Date:                March 20, 2023
 Submitter:           GE Medical Systems SCS
                         Establishment Registration Number - 9611343
                         283, rue de la Minière
                      78530 Buc, France
 Primary Contact:        Ning WEN
                         Regulatory Affairs Program Manager Associate
                    GE HealthCare, (GE Medical Systems SCS)
                              Tel: +33 6 2324 6023
                           Email: ning.wen@ge.com
 Secondary Contact      Rachel Schandel
                          Senior Regulatory Affairs Leader
                              Tel: +1 385 237 7519
                           Email: rachel.schandel@ge.com
 Device Trade Name:     FlightPlan for Embolization
 Common/Usual Name:   FlightPlan for Embolization, with AI Segmentation option
 Regulation Number:     21CFR 892.2050, Medical image management and processing system
 Product Code:         QIH
 Regulatory Class:         Class II
 Predicate Device:
 Device Name:            FlightPlan for Embolization
 Manufacturer:        GE Medical Systems SCS
 510(k) number:        K193261
 Regulation Number:     21CFR 892.2050, Medical image management and processing system
 Product Code:           LLZ
 Regulatory Class:         Class II


Device Description and Marketed Devices:
FlightPlan for Embolization is a post-processing, software-only application using 3D X-ray angiography
images (CBCT) as input. It helps clinicians visualize vasculature to aid in the planning of endovascular
embolization procedures throughout the body.
A new option, called AI Segmentation, was developed from the modifications to the predicate device,
GE HealthCare's FlightPlan for Embolization [K193261]. It includes two new algorithms. This AI
Segmentation option is what triggered this 510(k) submission.


                                           Page 1 of 5

GE HealthCare
                                                                 FlightPlan for Embolization
                                                  510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

The software process 3D X-ray angiography images (CBCT) acquired from GE HealthCare's interventional
X-ray system [K181403], operates on GEHC’s Advantage Workstation (AW) [K110834] platform and AW
Server (AWS) [K081985] platform, and is an extension to the GE HealthCare’s Volume Viewer application
[K041521].
FlightPlan for Embolization is intended to be used during the planning phase of embolization procedures.
These procedures workflows are split into 5 main phases:
    (1) Planning, using DSA and CBCT to characterize the anatomy and identify injection point
        candidates.
    (2) Navigation, to position catheters under fluoroscopic guidance.
    (3) Decision, to confirm treatment point(s) using DSA and Selective CBCT.
    (4) Treatment, which consists into injection of embolization material from the confirmed treatment
         point(s).
    (5) Assessment, to assess the embolization procedure end-point.
   The proposed device is only used as part of the phase (1) Planning.
The primary features/functions of the proposed software are:
       Semi-automatic segmentation of vasculature from a starting point determined by the user,
      when AI Segmentation option is not activated;
      Automatic segmentation of vasculature powered by a deep-learning algorithm, when AI
       Segmentation option is activated;
      Automatic definition of the root point powered by a deep-learning algorithm, when AI
       Segmentation option is activated;
       Selective display (Live Tracking) of proximal vessel and distal vessels from a point determined by
       the user’s cursor;
       Ability to segment part of the selected vasculature;
       Ability to mark points of interest (POI) to store cursor position(s);
      Save results and optionally export them to other applications such as GEHC’s Vision Applications
       [K092639] for 3D road-mapping.

Intended Use:
  FlightPlan for Embolization is a post processing software package that helps the analysis of 3D X-ray
  angiography images. Its output is intended to be used by physicians as an adjunct means to help
  visualize vasculature.

Indication for Use:
  FlightPlan for Embolization is a post processing software package that helps the analysis of 3D X-ray
  angiography images. Its output is intended to be used by physicians as an adjunct means to help
  visualize vasculature during the planning phase of embolization procedures. FlightPlan for
  Embolization is not intended to be used during therapy delivery.
  The output includes segmented vasculature, and selective display of proximal vessel and distal vessels
  from a reference point determined by the user. User-defined data from the 3D X-ray angiography
  images may be exported for use during the guidance phase of the procedure. The injection points
  should be confirmed independently of FlightPlan for Embolization prior to therapy delivery.


                                           Page 2 of 5

GE HealthCare
                                                                 FlightPlan for Embolization
                                                  510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

Technology:
The proposed device FlightPlan for Embolization employs the same fundamental scientific technology as
its predicate device FlightPlan for Embolization [K193261].
In addition, the proposed device FlightPlan for Embolization includes an AI Segmentation option. The AI
Segmentation option enabling both automatic segmentation of vasculature and automatic definition of
the root point is based on two new algorithms: Deep-Learning based automatic vessels extraction
algorithm and Deep-Learning based root definition algorithm.

For both vessels extraction algorithm and root definition algorithm, contrast injected CBCT scans
acquired from GE HealthCare's interventional X-ray system [K181403] were used for designing and
qualifying the algorithms. A test set of 207 contrast injected scans was reserved, segregated, and used
to evaluate both algorithms.

Device Modification Overview:
The table below summarizes the substantive feature/technological differences and similarities between
the predicate device and the proposed device:

                                       Predicate Device:              Proposed Device:
 Specification                      FlightPlan for Embolization       FlightPlan for Embolization
                                       [K193261]                     [K223490]
 Indication for Use                             Identical                           Identical
 Patient Population           No limitations on the patient   AI Segmentation option is validated
                                           population.                 for adult population only.
 Semi-automatic segmentation                Identical                           Identical
 of vasculature
 Automatic segmentation of          No, segmentation of         Yes, automatic segmentation of
 vasculature                      vasculature can only be done     vasculature powered by Deepsemi-automatically            Learning based algorithm
 Automatic definition of the root    No, definition of the root       Yes, automatic definition of the
 point                               point can only be done        root point powered by Deepmanually               Learning based on algorithm
 Selective display (Live Tracking)              Identical                           Identical
 Segment part of the vasculature              Yes                            Yes
 Mark points of interest (POI)                 Yes                            Yes
 Save and Export                            Yes                            Yes
 General features                              Identical                           Identical


                                           Page 3 of 5

GE HealthCare
                                                                 FlightPlan for Embolization
                                                  510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

Determination of Substantial Equivalence:

Summary of Non-Clinical, Design Control Testing
The proposed device, FlightPlan for Embolization, has successfully completed the required design
control testing per GE HealthCare Quality Management System. No additional hazards were identified,
and no unexpected test results were observed. The proposed device complies with NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20
Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM) Set (Radiology) standard. It was designed and
will be manufactured under the Quality System Regulations of 21CFR 820 and ISO 13485.
The following quality assurance measures were applied to the development of the device:
      Requirements Definition
       Risk Analysis
       Technical Design Reviews
      Formal Design Reviews
       Software Development Lifecycle
      Performance testing (Verification, Validation)
      System Testing (Verification, Validation)
The proposed FlightPlan for Embolization has been successfully verified on the AW VolumeShare
workstation [K110834] and AW Server [K081985] platforms. All of the testing and results did not raise
new or different questions of safety and effectiveness other than those already associated with
predicate device.
The substantial equivalence determination is also based on the software documentation for a
MODERATE level of concern device.

Additional Non-Clinical Testing
Engineering bench testing of the two new algorithms for the AI Segmentation option demonstrated the
new algorithms’ capabilities to automatically segment vasculature and to automatically define root
point using CBCT scans.
The segregated test set contained a mix of 207 contrast injected CBCT scans (each from a unique
patient) acquired during the planning of embolization procedures from GE HealthCare's interventional
X-ray system [K181403]. The scans were selected to be representative of the intended population in
terms of anatomy (with a majority of cases from head, liver, and prostate), vessel contrast and type of
CBCT acquisition.
For vessel extraction, the ground truth was produced by the consensus of 3 board certified radiologists.
For root definition, the ground truth was performed by a GEHC advanced application specialist.
The test set was used to evaluate the performance of the automatic vessels extraction algorithm
compared to the best vessels segmentation result obtained with the semi-automatic tool in the
predicate device; the success rate is 93.7% with acceptance criterion 90%. The same test set was used to
evaluate the performance of the root definition algorithm compared to the acceptable area manually
defined by the annotator; the success rate is 95.2% with acceptance criterion 90%.


                                           Page 4 of 5

GE HealthCare
                                                                 FlightPlan for Embolization
                                                  510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

Subgroup analyses were performed in the following areas: anatomy, vessel contrast, type of CBCT
acquisition, and reconstruction filters. Since the critical input data for the algorithms are high contrast
images of vessels with an intra-arterial injection acquired only on GE HealthCare interventional C-arms
with similar acquisition protocol in all sites, and since there is minimal variation in this vessel anatomy
across race/gender, standard sub-groups such as imaging device manufacturer, site, race, gender, are
not relevant. The test results of both algorithms, including the subgroup analyses, support the
acceptable performance of the algorithms in the intended population and indications for use.
Summary of Clinical Testing
Representative clinical sample images of 3D X-ray angiography from clinical sites were assessed by
interventional radiologists using a 5-point Likert scale. The clinical assessment demonstrated that the
proposed device FlightPlan for Embolization with AI Segmentation option met its pre-defined
acceptance criteria and helps physicians in their analysis of 3D X-ray angiography images and in the
planning of embolization procedures, including the selection of embolization injection points. As well,
this activity substantiated the performance of the two Deep-Learning based algorithms, for automatic
segmentation of vessels and automatic root point definition.

Substantial Equivalence Conclusion
The changes to predicate device FlightPlan for Embolization cleared in 2020 do not create new Intended
Use nor Indication for Use. The proposed device FlightPlan for Embolization has identical or equivalent
technological characteristics as its predicate device.
GE HealthCare’s quality system’s design, verification, and risk management processes did not identify any
new questions of safety or effectiveness, hazards, unexpected results, or adverse effects stemming from
the changes to the predicate.
Based on development under GE HealthCare’s quality system, successful design verification, software
documentation for a “Moderate” level of concern, along with the engineering bench testing and the
clinical evaluation demonstrate that the proposed FlightPlan for Embolization is substantially equivalent
to, and hence as safe and as effective for its Intended Use as the legally marketed predicate device.


                                           Page 5 of 5