July 13, 2023
GE Medical Systems SCS
℅ Yonghui Han
Senior Regulatory Affairs Leader
283, rue de la Miniere
BUC, 78530
FRANCE

Re: K223424
    Trade/Device Name: Spine Auto Views
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed tomography x-ray system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK, QIH
    Dated: June 9, 2023
    Received: June 12, 2023

Dear Yonghui Han:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223424 - Yonghui Han                                                               Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                   Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices
                                          and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                          Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                   Indications for Use                         See PRA Statement below.

51 0(k) Number (if known)
 K223424
Device Name
Spine Auto Views


Indications for Use (Describe)
Spine Auto Views is a non-invasive image analysis software package which may be used in conjunction with CT images
to aid in the automatic generation of anatomically focused multi-planar reformats and automatically export results to predetermined DICOM destinations.

Spine Auto Views assists clinicians by providing anatomically focused reformats of the spine, with the ability to apply
anatomical labels of the vertebral bodies and intervertebral disc spaces.

Spine Auto Views may be used for multiple care areas and is not specific to any disease state. It can be utilized for the
review of various types of exams including trauma, oncology, and routine body.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
               IZI Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (6120)                            Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K223424


   GE HealthCare
    510(k) Premarket Notification Submission -Spine Auto Views


                                510(k) Summary


      In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:

Date:                                 July 7, 2023

Submitter:                   GE Medical Systems SCS

                                  Establishment Registration Number - 9611343

                              283 rue de la Miniere

                              78530 Buc, France

Primary Contact Person:           Yonghui Han

                                  Senior Regulatory Affairs Leader

                           GE HealthCare

                                     (+1) (262)225-1914

                              Yonghui.Han@ge.com

Secondary Contact Person:          Elizabeth Mathew

                                  Senior Regulatory Affairs Manager

                           GE HealthCare

                                        Tel: (+1) (262)424-7774

                                   Email: Elizabeth.Mathew@ge.com

Device Trade Name:               Spine Auto Views

Common/Usual Name:            Spine Auto Views

Primary Regulation Number:      Computed Tomography X-Ray System (21 CFR 892.1750)

Primary Product Code:            JAK

Secondary Product Code:         QIH

Classification:                      Class II


                             5 - 1

GE HealthCare
    510(k) Premarket Notification Submission -Spine Auto Views


Predicate Device

Device name:                  Bone VCAR

Manufacturer:                GE Medical Systems SCS

510(k) number:                 K183204

Regulation Number:             21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography X-Ray System

Primary Product Code:            JAK

Secondary Product Code:           LLZ

Classification:                      Class II


     Device Description:

     Spine Auto Views is a software analysis package designed to generate batch reformats and apply
      labels to the spine. It is intended to streamline the process of generating clinically relevant batch
     reformat outputs that are requested for many CT exam types.

     Spine Auto Views can generate, automatically, patient specific, anatomically focused spine
      reformats. Spine Auto Views brings a state-of-the-art deep learning algorithm that generates
     oblique axial reformats, appropriately angled through each disc space without the need for a
     user interface and human interaction. 3D curved coronal and curved sagittal views of the spine
     as well as traditional reformat planes can all be generated with Spine Auto Views, no manual
      interaction required. Vertebral bodies and disc spaces can be labeled, and all series networked
      to desired DICOM destination(s), ready to read. The automated reformats may help in providing
     a consistent output of anatomically orientated images, labeled, and presented to the
      interpreting physician ready to read.


                             5 - 2

GE HealthCare
        510(k) Premarket Notification Submission -Spine Auto Views


         Intended Use:

          Spine Auto Views is a non-invasive image analysis software package which may be used in
          conjunction with CT images to aid in the automatic generation of anatomically focused multiplanar reformats.


           Indication for Use:

          Spine Auto Views is a non-invasive image analysis software package which may be used in
          conjunction with CT images to aid in the automatic generation of anatomically focused multiplanar reformats and automatically export results to pre-determined DICOM destinations.

          Spine Auto Views assists clinicians by providing anatomically focused reformats of the spine, with
          the ability to apply anatomical labels of the vertebral bodies and intervertebral disc spaces.

          Spine Auto Views may be used for multiple care areas and is not specific to any disease state. It
         can be utilized for the review of various types of exams including trauma, oncology, and routine
          body.

          Technology:

         The proposed device Spine Auto Views employs the same fundamental scientific technology as
              its predicate device.

         Comparison:

         The table below summarizes the key feature/technological differences and similarities between
          the predicate device and the proposed device:


          Table 5.1: Comparison


Specification         Predicate Device:            Subject Device:                   Comparison
                  Bone VCAR (K183204)       Spine Auto Views


CT Spine Labeling     Yes                        Yes                                    Identical
algorithm

(Vertebrae
Detection and
Vertebrae Labels)


                                5 - 3

GE HealthCare
        510(k) Premarket Notification Submission -Spine Auto Views


Specification         Predicate Device:            Subject Device:                   Comparison
                  Bone VCAR (K183204)       Spine Auto Views


                                                                                           Substantially
 Disc Detection      Not available               Yes
                                                                                         Equivalent.
algorithm

(Disc Position, Disc                                                                  Spine Auto Views
Orientation & Disc                                                                      introduces a new deep
Labels)                                                                                    learning Disc detection
                                                                                     algorithm which can
                                                                                       detect discs positions,
                                                                                         planes/orientations
                                                                        and generate disc
                                                                                                     labels.
Image Display         Traditional reformat          Traditional reformat orientations      Identical
Formats              orientations (axial, coronal,   (axial, coronal, sagittal)
                          sagittal)


                    Curved coronal and curved   Curved coronal and curved sagittal     Substantially
                          sagittal views of the spine    views of the spine as well as oblique   Equivalent
                     as well as oblique axial        axial views through the
                    views perpendicular to the   intervertebral spaces.               Both the subject device
                 3D curved trace.                                         and predicate device
                                                                               can output curved
                                                                                     coronal and curved
                                                                                                      sagittal views and
                                                                                     oblique axial view.
                                                                             However, the
                                                                            methodology in which
                                                                                   these reformat series
                                                                                   are generated are
                                                                                              different between the
                                                                                         subject device and
                                                                                       predicate device.

                                                                                    For the curved
                                                                                        reformats, Bone VCAR
                                                                                  uses the centerline
                                                                                       traced through the
                                                                                    vertebrae centers;
                                                                                   Spine Auto Views use
                                                                                   the centerline traced
                                                                                through the posterior


                                5 - 4

GE HealthCare
        510(k) Premarket Notification Submission -Spine Auto Views


Specification         Predicate Device:            Subject Device:                   Comparison
                  Bone VCAR (K183204)       Spine Auto Views


                                                                           edge of the disc
                                                                                           centers.

                                                                                    For oblique axial views
                                                                                        generation, the oblique
                                                                                                   axial of Bone VCAR is
                                                                                      perpendicular to its
                                                                                               centerline. Spine Auto
                                                                             Views uses the
                                                                         computed position and
                                                                                           orientation of the discs.

Field of View        Bone VCAR uses input       Spine Auto Views uses input volume   Substantially
                  volume field of view and      field of view and additionally has an   Equivalent
                    manually adjusted by the    option to automatically set the field
                       user.                        of view to focus on the spine        The subject device has
                                                                        two configurations:
                                                                                      input series field of
                                                                                       view, or automated
                                                                                                         field of view focused
                                                                      on the spine.

Export             Manual                  Automated                           Substantially
                                                                                      Equivalent

                                                                                               In the subject device,
                                                                                                                      all generated series can
                                                                        be automatically
                                                                                 exported to DICOM
                                                                                             destinations, such as
                                                                                 PACS, ready for review
                                                                        and interpretation.

Measurement Tool   Access to all standard       Not available                         Subject device doesn't
                  Volume Viewer tools for                                     have a user interface
                    measuring distances, areas,                                 and doesn't include
                     Hounsfield unit values and                                 measurement tools.
                     annotating within the                                             Subject device provides
                    images                                           DICOM reformat
                                                                              images for export.


                                5 - 5

GE HealthCare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission -Spine Auto Views


Determination of Substantial Equivalence:

Summary of Non-Clinical, Design Control Testing

Spine Auto Views has successfully completed the design control testing per GE’s quality system.
It was designed and will be manufactured under the Quality System Regulations of 21CFR 820
and ISO 13485. No additional hazards were identified, and no unexpected test results were
observed. The proposed device complies with NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20 (2016) Digital Imaging and
Communications in Medicine (DICOM) Set (Radiology) standard.

The following quality assurance measures were applied to the development of the device:
     •  Requirements Definition
     •   Risk Analysis
     •   Technical Design Reviews
     •  Formal Design Reviews
     •   Software Development Lifecycle
     •  Performance testing (Verification, Validation)
     •   Safety Testing (Verification)

The proposed Spine Auto Views has been successfully verified on the EHL platform. All the
testing and results did not raise new or different questions of safety and effectiveness other
than those already associated with predicate device. Software documentation is for a
MODERATE level of concern.
In addition, Engineering has validated Spine Auto Views algorithm capability to automatically
detect the position and orientation of intervertebral discs using a database of retrospective CT
exams. This database of exams is representative of the clinical scenarios where Spine Auto
Views is intended to be used, with consideration of acquisition parameters and patient
characteristics. The result of the algorithm validation showed that the algorithm successfully
passed the defined acceptance criteria.

Summary of Clinical Testing

A reader study evaluation was performed with a sample of clinical CT images which were
processed with the Spine Auto Views software. The purpose of this study was to assess the
acceptance of spine automated reformats generated in the oblique axial, curved coronal and
curved sagittal planes as these orientations traditionally require users to manually generate
each of them. The reader evaluation concluded that Spine Auto Views oblique axial reformats
generates user acceptable results greater than 95% of the time for all readers. Additionally, the
batch reformats of curved coronal and curved sagittal views were also assessed by the readers
by comparing the automatically generated curved batch reformats with the corresponding
standard coronal and standard sagittal views.


Conclusion:

Spine Auto Views has the same intended use as its predicate device but differs in technological
characteristics. Specifically Spine Auto Views automatically generates spine reformat DICOM


                         5 - 6

GE HealthCare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission -Spine Auto Views


images by detecting the vertebras and discs in the scan while the predicate requires more
manual interactions.

GE HealthCare's quality system’s design, verification, and risk management processes did not
identify any new questions of safety or effectiveness, hazards, unexpected results, or adverse
effects stemming from the changes to the predicate.

Based on development under GE HealthCare’s quality system, successful design verification,
software documentation for a “Moderate” level of concern, along with the engineering bench
testing and reader study, GE HealthCare determines that the proposed device is as safe and
effective as its predicate device.


                         5 - 7