GE Medical Systems, LLC
℅ Chris Paulik
Regulatory Affairs Manager
3000 N. Grandview Blvd.
WAUKESHA WI 53188                                                   May 25, 2023


Re: K223491
    Trade/Device Name:  Critical Care Suite with Pneumothorax Detection AI Algorithm
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2090
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer assisted detection and diagnosis software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QBS
    Dated: April 26, 2023
    Received: April 27, 2023

Dear Chris Paulik:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223491 - Chris Paulik                                                                Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices
                                           and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
Device Name
Critical Care Suite with Pneumothorax Detection AI Algorithm
Indications for Use (Describe)
Critical Care Suite with Pneumothorax Detection AI Algorithm is a computer-aided triage, notification, and diagnostic
device that analyzes frontal chest X-ray images for the presence of a pneumothorax. Critical Care Suite identifies and
highlights images with a pneumothorax to enable case prioritization or triage and assist as a concurrent reading aide
during interpretation of radiographs.
Intended users include qualified independently licensed healthcare professionals (HCPs) trained to independently assess
the presence of pneumothoraxes in radiographic images and radiologists.
Critical Care Suite should not be used in-licu of full patient evaluation or solely relied upon to make or confirm a
diagnosis. It is not intended to replace the review of the X-ray image by a qualified physician. Critical Care Suite is
indicated for adults and Transitional Adolescents (18 to < 22 years old but treated like adults).
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
[x] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) oO Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740

GE HealthCare
     510(k) Premarket Notification Submission
                                           K223491
                                510(k) Summary

       In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:

        Date:  May 25, 2023

   Submitter:  GE HealthCare, (GE Medical Systems, LLC)

             3000 N. Grandview Blvd

              Waukesha, WI 53188 USA

      Primary  Chris Paulik
      Contact
                Senior Regulatory Affairs Manager
      Person:
            GE HealthCare

              262-894-5415

               Christopher.A.Paulik@ge.com

   Secondary  Gregory Pessato
      Contact
                Regulatory Affairs Director
      Person:
            GE HealthCare

             +33 (6) 34423240

              GregoryPessato@ge.com

 Device Trade   Critical Care Suite with Pneumothorax Detection AI Algorithm
      Name:

  Common /  Radiological computer assisted detection and diagnosis software
 Usual Name:

 Classification  Regulation Name: Radiological computer assisted detection and diagnosis software
  Names and
                Regulation: 21 CFR 892.2090
Product Code:
                  Classification: Class II

               Product Codes: QBS


    Predicate  BoneView (K212365)
      Device:
                Regulation Name: Radiological computer assisted detection and diagnosis software

                Regulation: 21 CFR 892.2090

                  Classification: Class II


                                                       5-1

GE HealthCare
     510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


               Product Codes: QBS

    Reference   Critical Care Suite (K183182)
       Device:
                Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software

                 Regulation: 21 CFR 892.2080

                   Classification: Class II

               Product Codes: QFM

                    Critical Care Suite is a suite of AI algorithms for the automated image analysis of frontal
       Device
                chest X-rays acquired on a digital x-ray system for the presence of critical findings.
  Description:
                    Critical Care Suite with Pneumothorax Detection AI Algorithm is indicated for adults and
                  transitional adolescents (18 to <22 years old but treated like adults) and is intended to
              be used by licensed qualified healthcare professionals (HCPs) trained to independently
                assess the presence of pneumothoraxes in radiographic images and radiologists. Critical
               Care Suite is a software module that can be deployed on several computing platforms
               such as PACS, On Premise, On Cloud or X-ray Imaging Systems.

                Today’s clinical workflow, hospitals are overburdened by large volume of orders and long
               turnaround times for radiologist reports. Critical Care Suite with the Pneumothorax
                Detection AI Algorithm enables effective prioritization and assists in the detection /
                 diagnosis of pneumothoraxes for radiologists and HCPs that have been trained to
               independently assess the presence of pneumothoraxes in radiographic images.  It
               performs this task by flagging images with a suspicious finding and providing a
                  localization overlay of the suspected pneumothorax as well as a graphical representation
                 of the algorithm’s confidence in the resultant finding. These outputs can be displayed
              wherever the reviewing physician normally conducts their reads per their standard of
                 care, including PACS, On Premise, On Cloud and Digital Projection Radiographic Systems.

Intended Use:   Critical Care Suite with Pneumothorax Detection AI Algorithm is intended to aide a
                   clinician in the detection and localization of a pneumothorax on frontal chest
                radiographic images.

Indications for   Critical Care Suite with Pneumothorax Detection AI Algorithm is a computer-aided triage,
         Use:   notification, and diagnostic device that analyzes frontal chest X-ray images for the
               presence of a pneumothorax. Critical Care Suite identifies and highlights images with a
              pneumothorax to enable case prioritization or triage and assist as a concurrent reading
                 aid during interpretation of radiographs.

               Intended users include qualified independently licensed healthcare professionals (HCPs)
                 trained to independently assess the presence of pneumothoraxes in radiographic images
              and radiologists.

                    Critical Care Suite should not be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or solely relied
             upon to make or confirm a diagnosis. It is not intended to replace the review of the X-ray


                                                       5-2

GE HealthCare
      510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


               image by a qualified physician. Critical Care Suite is indicated for adults and Transitional
                Adolescents (18 to <22 years old but treated like adults).

   Technology:   Critical Care Suite with Pneumothorax Detection AI Algorithm employs the same
               fundamental scientific technology as its predicate and reference devices. They are all
              deep learning locked AI algorithms that can be deployed on several computing platforms
                such as PACS, On Premise, On Cloud or X-ray Imaging Systems. The patient and user
                 populations are equivalent to what was provided with Critical Care Suite with
              Pneumothorax Detection AI Algorithm. The output is equivalent since both predicate
              and proposed devices produce a result if a suspicious finding is detected, provide a
                   localization overlay of the suspected pathology within the image and a representation of
                the algorithm’s confidence in the resultant finding. The intended use has been expanded
               from the original release of Critical Care Suite (K183182) to display an overlay to the
                reviewing physician that helps localize a detected pneumothorax.  It also provides a
                confidence level to the reviewing physician that provides contextual information in the
                 algorithm’s confidence for its pneumothorax detection output.

              The differences between Critical Care Suite with Pneumothorax Detection AI Algorithm
              and BoneView are the specific pathologies that are being detected. Critical Care Suite
                with Pneumothorax Detection AI Algorithm analyzes frontal chest radiographic images
                  for the presence of a suspected pneumothorax where BoneView analyzes radiographic
               images for the presence of suspected fractures. This difference does not impact the
                  safety or efficacy of Critical Care Suite with Pneumothorax Detection AI Algorithm since
               both devices analyze images using deep learning AI technology to detect pathologies
                producing an output that can aide clinicians and radiologists with their diagnosis.


Product Device      Critical Care Suite with Pneumothorax
                                                           BoneView (K212365)
   Comparison           Detection AI Algorithm


           Device   Radiological computer assisted detection and          Radiological computer assisted detection and
      Classification   diagnosis software                                    diagnosis software

                      Class II, QBS                                            Class II, QBS


  Targeted clinical  Pneumothorax                                       Fracture
        condition,
                   Chest/Lung                                           Ankle, Foot, Knee, Femur, Wrist, Hand, Elbow,
    anatomy, and
                                                                    Forearm, Humerus, Shoulder, Clavicle, Pelvis, Hip,
 imaging modality  AP/PA Chest X-Ray Imaging
                                                                                 Ribs, Thoracic Spine, Lumbar Spine

                                                        2D Radiographic Images


        Algorithm   AI deep learning algorithms designed to detect         AI supervised deep learning algorithm designed to
       Inferencing  pneumothorax in frontal chest X-ray images to aide    aide in identifying and highlighting fractures during
     Mechanism   in identifying and highlighting pneumothoraxes       the review of radiographs.
                    during the review of radiographs.


   Computational   Critical Care Suite is designed as a self-contained      Deployment on-premises or on cloud and connection
         Platform   software module deployable on various               to several computing platforms and X-ray imaging
                   computational and x-ray imaging system platforms


                                                        5-3

GE HealthCare
      510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


Product Device      Critical Care Suite with Pneumothorax
                                                           BoneView (K212365)
   Comparison           Detection AI Algorithm

                   such as Digital Projection Radiographic Systems,       platforms such as X-ray radiographic systems, or
                   PACS, On Premise or On Cloud.                   PACS


Algorithm Outputs   1.   Configurable DICOM tag that identifies if a         1.   Optional Summary Table with the results of the
                        suspected pneumothorax was detected.                overall study

                        2.  Image annotations that contain:                    2.   Results Image that contains

                            Flag if a suspected pneumothorax was              Region of Interest that is a solid or dotted
                             detected                                            rectangle based on confidence of the
                                                                                 algorithm
                            Graphical representation of the
                              algorithms confidence in the algorithms            Summary including the number of regions
                                  result                                                of interest that are displayed and a caution
                                                                       message if it was identified that the image
                           Overlay (color or grayscale) that localizes
                                                                   was not part of the indications for use of
                             the pneumothorax within the image
                                                                         BoneView.


Destination for      Image annotation on a secondary DICOM image and   Image annotations made on copy of original image or
Viewing Algorithm   a DICOM message that identifies if a suspected       image annotations toggled on/off.
Results            pneumothorax was detected within the study.
                                                               The output can be immediately used to visualize the
                  The output can be immediately used to visualize the   result on any DICOM destination such as a user’s
                       results on any DICOM destination such as a user’s     images storage system (PACS) or other radiological
                   images storage system (PACS) or the x-ray system.    equipment (X-Ray System)


    Clinical and  Summary of Non-Clinical Tests:
   Non-Clinical
               The following quality assurance measures were applied to the development of Critical
          Tests:
                Care Suite with Pneumothorax Detection AI Algorithm and deployment onto the AMX
                Navigate system:

                  1.  Risk Analysis

                  2.  Requirements Reviews

                  3.  Design Reviews

                  4.  Testing on unit level (Module verification)

                  5.  Integration testing (System verification)

                  6.  Performance testing (Verification)

                  7.  Safety testing (Verification)

                  8.  Simulated use testing (Validation)

                     Critical Care Suite with Pneumothorax Detection AI Algorithm specific verification was
               conducted to demonstrate proper implementation of Critical Care Suite software design
                 requirements.


                                                        5-4

GE HealthCare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


         Regression testing on the AMX Navigate feature functionality was conducted to verify
         proper integration of Critical Care Suite with Pneumothorax Detection AI Algorithm into
         the AMX Navigate software and device. Validation was performed on AMX Navigate
         with integrated Critical Care Suite with Pneumothorax Detection AI Algorithm.

         Design verification and validation testing was performed to confirm that the safety and
          effectiveness of the device has not been affected. The test plans and results have been
         executed with acceptable results.

        Summary of Clinical Tests:

        The Pneumothorax Detection AI Algorithm was developed using over 12,000 images
        from six sources, including the National Institute of Health and sites within the United
           States, Canada, and India. This data was then segregated into training, verification, and
          validation datasets. The final validation ground truth dataset included 804 images from
        two North American sites that were not used in the training process of the algorithm. A
         mix of cases with low, moderate, and high complexity were included in the dataset. 544
         images were acquired on GE HealthCare scanners and 264 images acquired on non-GE
         Healthcare scanners. Only one site was able to provide age and gender demographics
         which included a distribution of 51.2% males and 48.8% females, with a median age of
        68 (min 18, max 90+). The reference standard was established by three blinded
           radiologists. The standalone performance of the Pneumothorax Detection AI Algorithm
        was tested against this dataset establishing that the algorithm can detect a
        pneumothorax within a frontal chest x-ray image and that the Pneumothorax Overlay
         can localize a suspected pneumothorax. The ground truth dataset adequately analyzed
             all the primary and secondary endpoints and the results met the defined passing criteria.

        The Pneumothorax Detection AI Algorithm achieved an AUC of 96.1% (94.9%, 97.2%), a
           sensitivity of 84.3% (80.6%, 88.0%) and a specificity of 93.2% (90.8%, 95.6%) for
          detection of pneumothoraxes on both anteroposterior and posteroanterior frontal chest
          x-ray images. The algorithm also had high sensitivity for detecting large pneumothoraxes
         with a sensitivity of 96.3% (93.1%, 99.2%) and small pneumothorax with a sensitivity of
        75.0% (69.2%, 80.8%). Additionally, the Pneumothorax Overlay was assessed on the true
          positive cases identified above, and it partially localized 98.1% (96.6%, 99.6%) of the
          actual pneumothorax within an image between the apical, lateral, and inferior regions of
         a lung.  It performed with full agreement between these regions 67.8% (62.7%, 73.0%).
              It also performed with a DICE Similarity Coefficient of 0.705 (0.683, 0.724) indicating that
        on average 70.5% of the Pneumothorax Overlay area and the true area of a
        pneumothorax within an image overlap.

       A multi-reader multi-case study was conducted to assess that the use of the Critical Care
          Suite with Pneumothorax Detection AI Algorithm improves reader performance within
         the intended use population in detecting / diagnosing a pneumothorax in a frontal chest
          x-ray image. This study consisted of 10 independent readers to adequately analyze all
         the primary and secondary endpoints of varied experiences levels representing the


                                                5-5

GE HealthCare
     510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


                    clinical users who would interact with the Critical Care Suite with Pneumothorax
                Detection AI Algorithm: radiologists (Rad.), internal medicine (IM) physicians, emergency
               medicine (ER) physicians, and nurse practitioners. This study contained 400 images from
                the original validation ground truth dataset used to determine the standalone
               performance of the algorithm, and adequately analyzed that all the primary and
               secondary endpoints met the defined passing criteria.

                    Critical Care Suite with Pneumothorax Detection AI Algorithm improved reader
               performance for detection of pneumothorax, measured by mean AUC, by 14.5%
                (7.0%,22.0%; p=.002), from 76.8% non-aided to 91.3% aided. Reader sensitivity
                increased by 16.3% (13.1%, 19.5%; p<.001) from 67.4% non-aided to 83.7% aided.
               Reader specificity increased by 12.4% (9.6%, 15.1%; p<.001) from 76.6% non-aided to
              89.0% aided. The overall performance by size was also improved. The readers showed
              an improvement for detection of large pneumothorax measured by mean AUC 10.5%
                 (3.2%, 17.8%, p=0.009) and sensitivity 13.4% (10.0%, 16.9%, p<.001). The readers
             showed an improvement for detection of small pneumothorax measured by mean AUC
              17.6% (9.3%, 25.9%, p<0.001) and sensitivity 18.7% (13.8%, 23.6%, p<.001). The
                  different clinical user’s improvements in mean AUC were assessed, and it was noted that
                       all physicians (Rad, IM, ER) improved 10.4% (2.8%, 17.9%, p=0.015), nurse practitioners
              improved 24.1% (1.2%, 47.0%, p=0.045), radiologists improved 2.4% (-1.0%, 5.7%,
                 p=0.095), and non-radiologists (ER, IM, NP) improved 17.5% (9.6%, 25.4%, p<0.001).

Determination  The introduction of Critical Care Suite with Pneumothorax Detection AI Algorithm does
 of Substantial  not result in any new potential safety risks and uses the same fundamental deep learning
  Equivalence:  based technology to detect pathological finding on 2D X-ray images. Technological
                 differences were assessed through bench testing and clinical validation. Like its predicate
                the device has been shown to improve intended user accuracy at detecting the targeted
                 pathological finding by licensed healthcare professionals, thus demonstrating that the
               proposed device is substantially equivalent to its predicate.

                 After analyzing design verification and validation testing on the bench and the clinical
                  testing results it is the conclusion of GE HealthCare that the Critical Care Suite with
              Pneumothorax Detection AI Algorithm software to be as safe, as effective, and
               performance is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                       5-6