May 30, 2023

GE Medical Systems,LLC (GE Healthcare)
℅ Glen Sabin
Regulatory Affairs Director
3200 N Grandview Blvd.
WAUKESHA WI 53188


Re: K223523
    Trade/Device Name: Sonic DL
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic resonance diagnostic device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH
    Dated: April 28, 2023
    Received: April 28, 2023

Dear Glen Sabin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223523 - Glen Sabin                                                                 Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number  (if known)
K223523

Device Name
Sonic DL


Indications for Use (Describe)
Sonic DL is a Deep Learning based image reconstruction technique that is available for use on GE Healthcare 1.5T and
3.0T MR systems. Sonic DL reconstructs MR images from highly under-sampled data, and thereby enables highly
accelerated acquisitions. Sonic DL is intended for cardiac imaging, and for patients of all ages.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 1                                                      PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740

Sonic DL
                                                              510(k) Premarket Notification
                        510(k) Summary                     K223523

      In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:


  Date:                      24 May 2023

  Submitter:             GE Medical Systems, LLC
                            3200 N. Grandview Blvd.
                            Waukesha, WI 53188

  Primary Contact:            Glen Sabin
                                Regulatory Affairs Director
                             Phone: 262 894-4968
                                 Email: Glen.Sabin@GE.com

  Secondary Contact:         Sandra Westphal
                                Senior Regulatory Affairs Leader
                             Phone: 262 720-8872
                                 Email: Sandra.Westphal@GE.com

  Device Trade Name:          Sonic DL

  Common / Usual Name:    MR System

  Classification Name:         Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
    Regulation Number:       21 CFR 892.1000
    Primary Product Code:   LNH

  Predicate Device:
     510(k) Number:          K213668
    Device Name:           SIGNA Hero
    Manufacturer:         GE Medical Systems, LLC


Device Description:

     Sonic DL is a new software feature intended for use with GE Healthcare MR
     systems.  It consists of a deep learning based reconstruction algorithm that is
     applied to data from MR cardiac cine exams obtained using a highly accelerated
     acquisition technique.

     Sonic DL is an optional feature that is integrated into the MR system software and
     activated through a purchasable software option key.


                                  Page 1 of 4

Sonic DL
                                                              510(k) Premarket Notification

Indications for Use:

    The Indications for Use statement for the proposed device is provided below:

          Sonic DL is a Deep Learning based image reconstruction technique
            that is available for use on GE Healthcare 1.5T and 3.0T MR systems.
          Sonic DL reconstructs MR images from highly under-sampled data,
         and thereby enables highly accelerated acquisitions. Sonic DL is
          intended for cardiac imaging, and for patients of all ages.


Comparison of Technological Characteristics:

    The proposed Sonic DL software feature that is the subject of this 510(k) is similar
     to the 2D FIESTA Cine feature with ASSET acceleration that is included in the
     predicate SIGNA Hero, K213668. The predicate device uses breath holds and a
     conventional parallel imaging acceleration technique (ASSET) that typically
     achieves acceleration factors between 2 and 4, and acquires each slice in 6 to 10
     heartbeats. Sonic DL can achieve acceleration factors as high as 12, and enables
     single heartbeat (1 R-R) imaging with either breath holds or free breathing.


Summary of Nonclinical Testing:

    The performance of the Sonic DL reconstruction algorithm has been evaluated
     using simulated data generated from an MRXCAT phantom, and a digital phantom.
    Model accuracy metrics such as Peak-Signal-to-Noise (PSNR), Root-Mean-Square
     Error (RMSE), Structural Similarity Index Measure (SSIM), and Mean Absolute
     Error (MAE) were used to compare simulated Sonic DL images with different levels
      of acceleration and numbers of phases to the fully sampled images. Additionally,
      line profiles across the heart at different phases were used to evaluate both inplane and temporal sharpness.

    The nonclinical testing demonstrated that Sonic DL is capable of reconstructing
    Cine images from highly under sampled data that are similar to the fully sampled
    Cine images in terms of image quality and temporal sharpness.


Summary of Clinical Testing:

    Two reader evaluation studies were performed using Sonic DL images acquired
     from clinical sites and from healthy volunteers at GE Healthcare facilities.  In one
     study, three radiologists were asked to determine various quantitative
    measurements such as left ventricular volumes, ejection fraction, and cardiac
     output using both conventional Cine and Sonic DL image sets as summarized
     below:


                                  Page 2 of 4

Sonic DL
                                                         510(k) Premarket Notification


     Number of image series evaluated:           107
     Number of unique subjects:                  57
          Patients:                              46
         Healthy volunteers:                      11


       Sites contributing data:                     7
         GE Healthcare facilities:             2
               External collaborators (clinical sites):   5

     Gender of subjects:
              Male:                             35
             Female:                          22

     Age range of subjects:                      12 weeks to 82 years old

      Pathology:  Subjects from clinical sites included examples of various
                   cardiac pathology, including structural heart disease, ischemic
                  cardiomyopathy, and non-ischemic cardiomyopathy.

      Equipment Used:       GE HealthCare 1.5T and 3.0T MR Systems

       Acquisition Parameters:
             Field of View:                        28 – 46 cm

             In-plane resolution:                        1.3 – 2.2 mm
                                                       (both x and y directions)

           Acquired Temporal                      23.7 – 70.2 ms
            Resolution (frame
              rate)

The results showed that the inter-method variability (coefficient of variability
comparing functional measurements taken with Sonic DL images versus
measurements using the conventional ASSET Cine images) was smaller than the
inter-observer intra-method variability for the conventional ASSET Cine images for
all parameters, indicating that Sonic DL is suitable for performing functional cardiac
measurements.

In a second study, three radiologists were asked to perform blinded image quality
assessments of both conventional 2D FIESTA Cine images with ASSET
acceleration, and Sonic DL images obtained with different number of R-R intervals
and different acceleration factors. This study involved 127 image sets which
included a subset of the subjects described above, and included different cardiac
views such as short axis, long axis, and aortic valve images. The results of this
study showed that on average the Sonic DL images were rated as being of
diagnostic quality while providing a significant reduction in scan time compared to
the conventional ASSET Cine images.


                              Page 3 of 4

Sonic DL
                                                              510(k) Premarket Notification


     In addition to the two reader studies described above, other tests were performed.
     Similar to the nonclinical testing using the digital phantom, model accuracy and
     temporal sharpness evaluations were conducted using in vivo cardiac cine images
     obtained from 19 health volunteers.

      Finally, clinical testing has been performed to demonstrate that Sonic DL is
     capable of achieving a 12 times acceleration factor and obtaining free-breathing
    images in a single heartbeat (1 R-R). Functional measurements using Sonic DL 1
    R-R free breathing images from 10 subjects were compared to functional
    measurements using the conventional ASSET Cine breath hold images, and
    showed close agreement. Additionally, the image quality of 13 Sonic DL 1 R-R
     free breathing cases was evaluated by a U.S. board certified radiologist, and
     scored higher than the corresponding conventional free breathing Cine images
     from the same subjects.

    The results of the clinical testing confirmed that the Sonic DL feature provides
    images that are of diagnostic quality, and that allow functional measurements that
     are within typical inter reader variability to the same measurements taken with
     conventional images. Additionally, the Sonic DL feature provided significantly
     shorter scan times that the conventional Cine imaging.


Conclusions Drawn from Performance Testing:

    The nonclinical and clinical testing demonstrated that Sonic DL satisfies the
     product claims of reducing scan times while preserving image quality, enabling
     single heartbeat functional imaging, and enabling rapid free-breathing functional
     imaging.

    The proposed Sonic DL software feature has been developed under GE
     Healthcare’s quality system and is at least as safe and effective as the 2D FIESTA
    Cine feature with ASSET acceleration that is used in the legally marketed
     predicate device. The performance testing did not identify any new hazards,
    adverse effects, safety concerns, or performance concerns that are significantly
      different from those associated with cardiac cine MR imaging in general.

     Therefore, GE Healthcare believes that Sonic DL is substantially equivalent to the
     predicate device and is safe and effective for its intended use.


                                  Page 4 of 4