February 6, 2023

VideaHealth, Inc.
℅ Adam Foresman
Director of Quality & Regulatory Affairs
179 South Street, Floor 5
BOSTON MA 02111


Re: K223296
    Trade/Device Name: Videa Perio Assist
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: January 5, 2023
    Received: January 6, 2023

Dear Adam Foresman:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223296 - Adam Foresman                                                             Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                                                   2023.02.06
                                                     09:34:26                     Lu Jiang
                                                           -05'00'
                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices
                                          and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K223296

Device Name
Videa Perio Assist


Indications for Use (Describe)
Videa Perio Assist is a radiological semi-automated image processing software device intended to aid dental professionals
in the measurements and visualization of mesial and distal bone levels associated with each tooth from bitewing and
periapical radiographs. Measurements are made available as linear distances or relative percentages.

It should not be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or solely relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis. The system is
to be used by trained professionals including, but not limited to, dentists and dental hygienists.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K223296

510(k) Summary                                                            Page 1 of 8


In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87(h) and 21 CFR 807.92 the 510(k) Summary for the Videa
Perio Assist device is provided below.


1.       SUBMITTER

Applicant:                   VideaHealth, Inc.
                         179 South Street, Floor 5
                            Boston, MA, 02111
                        +1 617-340-9940
                              florian@videa.ai

Contact & Submission     Adam Foresman
Correspondent:               Director of Quality & Regulatory Affairs
                             VideaHealth, Inc.
                        +1 617-340-9940
                          adam@videa.ai

Date Prepared:              October 14, 2022


2.       DEVICE

Device Trade Name:        Videa Perio Assist

Device Common Name:     Interproximal bone level measurement


Classification Name        Medical image management and processing system

Classification Regulation    21 CFR 892.2050
Number

Device Class:             2

Product Code:           QIH


3.       PREDICATE DEVICE

Predicate Device:  K210187 Overjet Dental Assist (Overjet, Inc.)

510(k) Summary                                                            Page 2 of 8

4.       DEVICE DESCRIPTION
Videa Perio Assist (VPA) software is a cloud-based AI-powered medical device for the
automatic measurement of tooth interproximal alveolar bone level in dental radiographs. The
device itself is available as an API (Application Programming Interface) behind a firewalled
network. The device returns 1) a series of points with connecting lines measuring the mesial and
distal alveolar bone levels associated with each tooth 2) this distance expressed in millimeters
and/or as a percentage of the root length.
Videa Perio Assist is accessed by the trained professional through their image viewer. From
within the image viewer the user can upload a radiograph to Videa Perio Assist and then review
the results. The device outputs a line to identify these points which calculate the interproximal
bone level.
The device output will show all applicable measurements from one radiograph regardless of the
number of teeth present. If no teeth are present the device outputs a clear indication that there are
no identifiable teeth to calculate the interproximal bone level.

The intended users of Videa Perio Assist are trained professionals such as dentists and dental
hygienists.

The intended patients of Videa Perio Assist are patients 12 years and above with permanent
dentition undergoing routine dental visits or suspected of having interproximal bone level
concerns. Videa Perio Assist may only be used with patients with permanent dentition present in
the radiograph.


5.       INTENDED USE/INDICATIONS FOR USE
Videa Perio Assist is a radiological semi-automated image processing software device intended
to aid dental professionals in the measurements and visualization of mesial and distal bone levels
associated with each tooth from bitewing and periapical radiographs. Measurements are made
available as linear distances or relative percentages.

It should not be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or solely relied upon to make or confirm a
diagnosis. The system is to be used by trained professionals including, but not limited to, dentists
and dental hygienists.


6.       SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE

Comparison of Indications
Overjet Dental Assist and Videa Perio Assist both analyze dental radiographs and measure
interproximal bone level. Both devices are only intended as an aid to the trained professional and
are not intended to replace the diagnosis by the physician. Both devices are intended to assist
dental professionals by identifying and measuring interproximal bone levels on dental
radiographs. Videa Perio Assist’s Indication For Use includes additional description on the
output of the device which is not a safety or efficacy concern.

510(k) Summary                                                            Page 3 of 8


The difference in patient ages does not constitute a safety or efficacy concern as both devices
limit use to permanent dentition patients, Videa Perio Assist artificial intelligence algorithm was
trained with that patient population and the Videa Perio Assist testing has shown to be safe and
effective for patients between the ages of 12 and 22 years of age with permanent dentition
present in the radiograph. Likewise the image format differences are not a safety or efficacy
concern as Videa Perio Assist has performed all required training and testing with the image
formats listed in Table 1.


Technological Comparisons
Table 1 compares the key technological feature of the subject devices to the predicate device
(Overjet Inc., K210187).


Table 1:       Device Comparison Table

                           Proposed Device                   Predicate Device

510(k) Number          TBD                          K210187

Applicant                     VideaHealth, Inc.                     Overjet, Inc.

Device Name                 Videa Perio Assist                    Overjet Dental Assist

Classification Regulation      892.2050                         892.2050

Product Code            QIH                     LLZ

Image Modality           X-Ray                      X-Ray

Study Type                 Bitewing and periapical Images    Bitewing and periapical
                                                       Images

Patient Population              Patients ≥12 years of age with        Adults ≥ 22 years of age
                             permanent dentition present in the
                               radiograph

OS                     Any                        Any

Intended User                Dentists and dental hygienists      Dentists and dental hygienists

Image Input Source         Images imported from the        Images imported from the
                             radiographic device, or from the   radiographic device, or from
                               practice management system       the practice management
                                                          system

510(k) Summary                                                            Page 4 of 8


                           Proposed Device                   Predicate Device

Image Format              DICOM, rvg, png, tiff, jpg, jpeg, dex    jpg, png, jfif, eop, etp, jif

Includes Image                Linear distance                    Linear distance
Measurement tools


7.      PERFORMANCE DATA

Biocompatibility, Sterilization, and Reprocessing
Not applicable. The subject device is a software-only device. There are no direct or indirect
patient-contacting components of the subject device. There are no sterile or reprocessed
components.

Electrical Safety and Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC)
Not applicable. The subject device is a software-only device.  It contains no electric
components, generates no electrical emissions, and uses no electrical energy of any type.

Software Verification and Validation Testing
Software verification and validation testing were conducted and documentation was provided as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The software for this
device was considered as a moderate level of concern.

Bench Testing
Non-clinical bench testing was performed on 996 radiographs and 16,131 landmarks. Bitewing
and periapical radiographs were ground truth labeled across two phases. The Videa Perio Assist
measurement results where scored versus ground-truthed landmarks. Bench testing
demonstrated that the Videa Perio Assist meets performance requirements.
The acceptance criteria was as follows:
   ● A recall greater than 82%
   ● A precision greater than 82%
VPA met pre-specified acceptance criteria on bitewing radiographs with a recall of 94.4% and
precision of 84.3%.
VPA met pre-specified acceptance criteria on periapical radiographs with a recall of 91.9%. In
the CEJ-ABL subgroup study, participants were more likely to estimate an obscured
interproximal bone level point on overlapping teeth and the precision was 79.1%.
Bench testing has sensor manufacturer and patient age subgroup analysis for generalizability in a
similar method as described in the clinical study generalizability section below. The sensor
manufacturer and patient age did not have any outliers in the bench study.

510(k) Summary                                                            Page 5 of 8

Animal Testing
Not applicable. Animal studies are not necessary to establish the substantial equivalence.

Clinical Testing
Clinical testing was performed on 189 radiographs and analyzed over 2,350 lines. US licensed
dentists labeled data across two phases, and two US licensed periodontists adjudicated those
labels to establish a reference standard for the study. These final results were analyzed against
the Videa Perio Assist predictions.


Table 2: Demographic breakdown by age

  Subject Age       Percentage

  12 - 21         31%

  22 - 40         35%

  41 - 60         21%

  61 - 75        9%

  75 +          4%


Table 3: Demographic breakdown by gender

  Subject Gender    Percentage

  Male          47%

  Female         53%


Table 4: Intraoral sensor breakdown by manufacturer

  Sensor            Percentage
  Manufacturer

  Dentsply Sirona   13%

  KaVo Kerr       48%

  Carestream      39%
  Dental

There were seven intraoral sensor models across these three manufacturers.
Ethnicity data was not available for the radiographs.
The acceptance criteria was as follows:
  ● A sensitivity greater than 82%
  ● A specificity greater than 81%
  ● A mean absolute error less than 1.5mm

510(k) Summary                                                            Page 6 of 8


VPA met pre-specified acceptance criteria on bitewing radiographs with a sensitivity of 92.8%,
specificity of 89.4% and mean absolute error below the thresholds.

VPA met pre-specified acceptance criteria on periapical radiographs with a sensitivity of 88.3%,
specificity of 87.0% and mean absolute error below the thresholds. All subgroups except for
periapical CEJ-ABL, where study participants were more likely to estimate an obscured
interproximal bone level point on overlapping teeth, met the pre-specified acceptance criteria.

Table 5: Clinical Performance Metrics of VPA by radiographic view type and line type.

  Radiographic      Line Type            Sensitivity (%)           Specificity (%)      Mean Absolute Error
  View Type                                                              (mm)

                           Met acceptance     Met acceptance     Met acceptance criteria
  Bitewing       CEJ->ABL
                                         criteria                 criteria

  Periapical                  Met acceptance     Met acceptance     Met acceptance criteria
                     All
                                         criteria                 criteria

                           Met acceptance     Did not meet       Met acceptance criteria
               CEJ->ABL
                                         criteria              acceptance criteria

               CEJ->RT     Met acceptance     Met acceptance     Met acceptance criteria
                                         criteria                 criteria

               ABL->RT    Met acceptance     Met acceptance     Met acceptance criteria
                                         criteria                 criteria


No adverse events were observed during the clinical study.


Clinical testing demonstrated that the Videa Perio Assist meets performance requirements.


Generalizability

The intraoral sensor manufacturer and patient age influence on bench testing and clinical testing
results was assessed for Videa Perio Assist’s generalizability.

The results for the clinical testing analysis are in Table 6 and Table 7. For both tables, the
generalizability acceptance criteria was met if the metric’s mean met the respective target
acceptance criteria threshold (for example if ‘patient’s 12 to 21 years of age’ subgroup’s analysis
was greater than or containing 82% for sensitivity).

510(k) Summary                                                            Page 7 of 8


Table 6: Clinical Performance Metrics of VPA by intraoral sensor manufacturer across all models.

  Radiographic           Dentsply Sirona           KaVo Kerr             Carestream Dental
  View Type

                Met acceptance criteria for   Met acceptance criteria  Met acceptance criteria for all
                       sensitivity and mean           for all 3 metrics        3 metrics
  Bitewing
                    absolute error.
  Measurements
                     Specificity did not meet
                   acceptance criteria.

  Periapical      Met acceptance criteria for   Met acceptance criteria  Met acceptance criteria for all
  Measurements     all 3 metrics                    for all 3 metrics        3 metrics


In both the bench and clinical studies, statistical analysis by sensors demonstrated a high level of
generalizability. No sensor manufacturers or models were clear outliers. From Table 6, the VPA
device missed the acceptance criteria for specificity in the Sirona sensors on bitewing
radiographs vs. the acceptance criteria. This is not a safety or effectiveness concern as this does
not impact the millimeter accuracy when a prediction is made.


Table 7: Clinical Performance Metrics of VPA by patient age.

  Radiographic      Patients 12 to 21     Patients 22 to 40       Patients 41 to 60       Patients 61 Years of
  View Type          Years of Age        Years of Age         Years of Age         Age and Older


                Met acceptance   Met acceptance     Met acceptance     Met acceptance
                        criteria for all 3     criteria for all 3       criteria for all 3        criteria for sensitivity
                    metrics            metrics              metrics             and mean absolute
  Bitewing
                                                                                                error.
  Measurements
                                                                                       Specificity did not
                                                                      meet acceptance
                                                                                                    criteria.

  Periapical      Met acceptance   Met acceptance     Met acceptance     Met acceptance
  Measurements     criteria for all 3     criteria for all 3       criteria for all 3        criteria for all 3
                    metrics            metrics              metrics               metrics


In both the bench and clinical studies, statistical analysis by patient age demonstrated a high
level of generalizability. No patient age group was a clear outlier. From Table 7, the VPA device
missed the acceptance criteria for specificity in the ‘Patients 61 Years and older’ on bitewing
radiographs vs. the acceptance criteria. This is not a safety or effectiveness concern as this does
not impact the millimeter accuracy when a prediction is made.

510(k) Summary                                                            Page 8 of 8


Conclusion
There are technological differences, as discussed above these differences in technological
characteristics do not raise different questions of safety and efficacy. Although the exact
definition of a pass or fail for sensitivity and specificity calculations may differ between OverJet
Dental Assist and VideaHealth, the results of the bench testing and clinical testing demonstrate
that the performance of Videa Perio Assist is comparable to that of Overjet Dental Assist. Both
Overjet Dental Assist and Videa Perio Assist met their acceptance criteria and both did not pass a
specific subgroup on periapical images where tooth overlap was common. Therefore, Videa
Perio Assist can be found substantially equivalent to Overjet Dental Assist.