November 21, 2022

Surgical Information Sciences, Inc.
℅ Kelliann Payne
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
1735 Market Street, 23rd Floor
PHILADELPHIA PA 19103

Re: K223032
    Trade/Device Name: SIS System (Version 5.6.0)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: September 29, 2022
    Received: September 29, 2022

Dear Kelliann Payne:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223032 - Kelliann Payne                                                              Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form  Approved: OMB  No.  0910-0120
                        Food and Drug Administration                               Expiration Date: June 30, 2023
                                                                     See PRA Statement on last page                  Indications for Use
510(k) Number (if known)
       K223032

Device Name

SIS System (version 5.6.0)
Indications for Use (Describe)

SIS System is intended for use in the viewing, presentation and documentation of medical imaging, including different
modules for image processing, image fusion, and intraoperative functional planning where the 3D output can be used
with stereotactic image guided surgery or other devices for further processing, visualization and localization. The
device can be used in conjunction with other clinical methods as an aid in visualization and location of the subthalamic
nuclei (STN) and globus pallidus externa and interna (GPe and GPi, respectively) in neurological procedures. The
system is indicated for surgical procedures in which anatomical structure locations are identified in images, including
Deep Brain Stimulation Lead Placement.

Typical users of the SIS Software are medical professionals, including but not limited to surgeons, neurologists and
radiologists.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
               ☒Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       ☐Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department   of  Health  and  Human
                                           Services Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork  Reduction  Act  (PRA)
                                                  Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


54
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                         Page 1 of 1                              PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740

                                                                                              054

K223032
                                     510(k) SUMMARY
               Surgical Information Sciences, Inc.’s SIS System (version 5.6.0)

Submitter’s Name, Address, Telephone Number, Contact Person
and Date Prepared

        Surgical Information Sciences, Inc.
      4602 141st Ln NE
     Ham Lake, MN 55304
       Contact Person: Ann Quinlan-Smith
      Phone: 612-325-0187
        E-mail: ann.quinlan.smith@surgicalis.com

Date Prepared: September 29, 2022

Trade Name of Device: SIS System version 5.6.0

Common or Usual Name/Classification Name

       Primary:   Automated Radiological Image Processing Software (Product Code: QIH; 21
                 C.F.R 892.2050)

       Secondary: System, Image Processing, Radiological (Product Code: LLZ; 21 C.F.R 892.2050)

Regulatory Class: Class II

Predicate Devices

        Predicate:  Surgical Information Sciences SIS Software version 5.1.0 (K210071)

       Reference: Medtronic Navigation, Inc. StealthStation System with StealthStation Cranial
                  Software (K153660)

Intended Use / Indications for Use

      SIS System is intended for use in the viewing, presentation and documentation of medical
       imaging, including different modules for image processing, image fusion, and intraoperative
        functional planning where the 3D output can be used with stereotactic image guided surgery
        or other devices for further processing, visualization and localization. The device can be used
         in conjunction with other clinical methods as an aid in visualization and location of the
       subthalamic nuclei (STN) and globus pallidus externa and interna (GPe and GPi, respectively)
         in neurological procedures. The system  is indicated  for surgical procedures  in which
       anatomical structure locations are identified in images, including Deep Brain Stimulation Lead
       Placement.

        Typical users of the SIS Software are medical professionals, including but not limited to
       surgeons, neurologists and radiologists.

Technological Characteristics

      The SIS System version 5.6.0 is a software only device based on machine learning and image
       processing. The device is designed to enhance standard clinical images for the visualization
        of structures in the basal ganglia area of the brain, specifically the subthalamic nucleus (STN)


56
                                                                                        056

and globus pallidus externa and interna (GPe/GPi). The output of the SIS system supplements
       the information available through standard clinical methods by providing additional, adjunctive
        information to surgeons, neurologists, and radiologists for use in viewing brain structures for
       planning stereotactic surgical procedures and planning of lead output.

      The SIS System version 5.6.0 provides a patient-specific, 3D anatomical model of specific
        brain structures based on the patient’s own clinical MR image using pre-trained deep learning
       neural network models. As discussed in more detail below, the method incorporates ultra-high
        resolution 7T (7 Tesla) Magnetic Resonance images to determine ground truth for the training
       data set to train the deep learning models. These pre-trained deep learning neural network
      models are then applied to a patient’s clinical image to predict the shape and position of the
        patient’s specific brain structures of interest. SIS System is further able to locate and identify
       implanted leads, where implanted, visible in post-operative CT images and place them in
        relation to the brain structure of interest from the preoperative processing.

      The proposed device is a modification to the SIS System version 5.1.0 that was cleared under
      K210071. The primary change is an update to the indications for use statement to clarify that
      deep brain stimulation (DBS) lead placement is a type of procedure that may be assisted by
       the information generated by the SIS System. The technological characteristics of the
       proposed device are fundamentally the same with minor updates to the backend of the
        software. The core algorithm that processes patient images has not changed since the prior
       clearance.

Performance Data

       Following the modifications, the software verification and validation testing was repeated to
        validate that the software functions as specified and performs similarly to the predicate device
       using the same test methods and acceptance criteria for the previously cleared predicate
        device. Visualization accuracy testing was repeated to validate visualization of the STN and
      GPi/GPe structures. In addition, the company repeated the MRI to CT registration testing to
       ensure that 3D transformation remains accurate. The company also repeated the testing for
      image processing of CT images to validate the lead segmentation, as well as testing for
       electrode orientation to validate the lead detection functionality. The results of this testing
       demonstrated that the SIS System version 5.6.0 has been fully verified and validated and the
       updated device performs as intended and is as safe and effective compared to the predicate.

Substantial Equivalence

      The SIS System version 5.6.0 is as safe and effective as the SIS System version 5.1.0. The
      SIS System version 5.6.0 has the same intended uses and similar indications, technological
        characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate device. The minor differences in
       the indications for use do not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness. Performance data
       demonstrate that the SIS System version 5.6.0 is as safe and effective as the predicate device.
       Thus, the SIS System version 5.6.0 is substantially equivalent.


57
                                                                                        057

SIS System version     SIS System version
                                    5.6.0                5.1.0 (K210071)         Comparison
                            (subject device)        (predicate device)
Intended Use /          SIS System is intended   SIS System is an          Similar. Addition of
Indications for Use        for use in the viewing,     application intended for    clarifying statement
                          presentation and        use in the viewing,        (about use in medical
                        documentation of         presentation and         procedures in which
                        medical imaging,         documentation of         anatomical structure
                           including different        medical imaging,          locations such as STN,
                      modules for image        including different      GPe and GPi are
                          processing, image       modules for image         identified in images,
                            fusion, and               processing, image        including deep brain
                            intraoperative functional   fusion, and                stimulation lead
                         planning where the 3D    intraoperative functional  placement) does not
                          output can be used with   planning where the 3D    raise different questions
                            stereotactic image        output can be used with   of safety or
                        guided surgery or other   stereotactic image        effectiveness because
                         devices for further        guided surgery or other   predicate was already
                          processing,              devices for further        intended for use in such
                             visualization and         processing and          procedures and other
                              localization. The device    visualization. The         reference devices (e.g.,
                      can be used in           device can be used in     StealthStation with
                          conjunction with other     conjunction with other     Cranial Software,
                                clinical methods as an     clinical methods as an    K153660) with similar
                           aid in visualization and    aid in visualization of      functions include this
                            location of the            the subthalamic nuclei    language.
                         subthalamic nuclei       (STN) and globus
                      (STN) and globus         pallidus externa and
                            pallidus externa and       interna (GPe and GPi,
                           interna (GPe and GPi,     respectively).
                            respectively) in           Typical users of the SIS
                           neurological            System are medical
                         procedures. The system   professionals, including
                                 is indicated for surgical    but not limited to
                        procedures in which      surgeons, neurologists
                         anatomical structure     and radiologists.
                           locations are identified
                              in images, including
                    Deep Brain Stimulation
                     Lead Placement.
                          Typical users of the SIS
                        Software are medical
                           professionals, including
                          but not limited to
                        surgeons, neurologists
                     and radiologists.
User Population         Medical professionals,    Medical professionals,   Same
                           including but not limited   including but not limited
                             to surgeons,               to surgeons,
                           neurologists and          neurologists and
                             radiologists.                radiologists.
Allows for importing    Yes                 Yes               Same
of digital imaging sets


  58
                                                                                         058

SIS System version     SIS System version
                                    5.6.0                5.1.0 (K210071)         Comparison
                            (subject device)        (predicate device)
Uses proprietary       Yes                 Yes               Same
software algorithm to
generate 3D
segmented anatomical
models from patient’s
MR scans
Allows for review and   Yes                 Yes               Same
analysis of data in 2D
and 3D formats
Performs image fusion  Yes                 Yes               Same
of datasets using
automated or manual
image matching
technique
Segments structures    Yes                 Yes               Same
in images with manual
and automated tools
and converts them
into 3D objects for
display
Creates hybrid         Yes                 Yes               Same
datasets by filing in
segmented regions
slice-by-slice on
anatomical datasets
Can be downloaded to  Yes                 Yes               Same
planning system
Segmentation of CT    Yes                 Yes               Same
scan to identify
structures in relation
to those visualized on
MR
Feature to Account for  Yes                 Yes               Same
CT images with gantry
tilt
Cross-registers        Yes                 Yes               Same
images and creates 3D
(fused) model
Uses registration       Yes                 Yes               Same
methods (linear and
non-linear) by multiple
registration tools
(ANTS and ELASTIX)

  Conclusions

        The SIS System version 5.6.0 is as safe and effective as the predicate version previously
         cleared in K210071.


  59
                                                                                         059