February 13, 2023

GE Healthcare (Tianjin) Company Limited
℅ Huande Li
Regulatory Affairs Manager
No. 266 Jingsan Road, Tianjin Airport Economic Area
Tianjin, Tianjin 300308
CHINA

Re: K223439
    Trade/Device Name: SIGNATM Victor
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1000
    Regulation Name: Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LNH
    Dated: November 15, 2022
    Received: November 17, 2022

Dear Huande Li:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223439 - Huande Li                                                                  Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

SIGNA Victor
                         510(k) Premarket Notification


    Section 4
Indications for Use


                                      Section 4 Page 1 of 2

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K223439

Device Name
SIGNATM Victor


Indications for Use (Describe)
The SIGNA Victor is a whole body magnetic resonance scanner designed to support high resolution, high signal-to-noise
ratio, and short scan times. It is indicated for use as a diagnostic imaging device to produce axial, sagittal, coronal, and
oblique images, spectroscopic images, parametric maps, and/or spectra, dynamic images of the structures and/or functions
of the entire body, including, but not limited to, head, neck, TMJ, spine, breast, heart, abdomen, pelvis, joints, prostate,
blood vessels, and musculoskeletal regions of the body.
Depending on the region of interest being imaged, contrast agents may be used. The images produced by SIGNA Victor
reflect the spatial distribution or molecular environment of nuclei exhibiting magnetic resonance.
These images and/or spectra when interpreted by a trained physician yield information that may assist in diagnosis.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                                                                                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF
                                                                                    Section 4 Page 2 of 2

K223439
                          SIGNA Victor
                     510(k) Premarket Notification


   Section 5
510(K) Summary


                                     Section 5 Page 1 of 6

SIGNA Victor
                                                    510(k) Premarket Notification

                             510(k) Summary

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:

 Date:           November 10, 2022

 Submitter:      GE Healthcare (Tianjin) Company Limited

                  No. 266 Jingsan Road, Tianjin Airport Economic Area

                       Tianjin, P.R. China 300308

 Distributor      GE Medical Systems, LLC

                3200 N Grandview BLVD. Waukesha, WI USA 53188

 Primary Contact  Huande Li

 Person:           Regulatory Affairs Manager

             GE Healthcare

                 Phone: 86-18101131237

                    E-mail: huande.li@ge.com

 Secondary       Glen Sabin

 Contact Person:   Director, Regulatory Affairs

             GE Healthcare

                 Phone: 262- 5216848

                    E-mail: glen.sabin@ge.com

 Device    Trade
             SIGNA™ Victor
 Name:

 Common/Usual
                  Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device
 Name:

 Classification     Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Device per 21 CFR

 Names:          892.1000

 Product Code:   LNH

 Predicate      SIGNA™ Explorer (K143251)

 Device(s):      SIGNA™ Prime   (K211980)

 Reference      SIGNA Voyager  (K161567)

 Device(s):       SIGNA Artist Evo (K213603)


                                                                      Section 5 Page 2 of 6

SIGNA Victor
                                                   510(k) Premarket Notification

Device        SIGNA™ Victor is a whole body magnetic resonance scanner

Description:      designed to support high resolution, high signal-to-noise ratio, and

                   short scan time. The system uses a combination of time-varying

               magnet fields (Gradients) and RF transmissions to obtain

                   information regarding the density and position of elements

                    exhibiting magnetic resonance. The system can image in the

                      sagittal, coronal, axial, oblique, and double oblique planes, using

                   various pulse sequences, imaging techniques and reconstruction

                   algorithms. The system features a 1.5T superconducting magnet

                   with 60cm bore size. The system is designed to conform to NEMA

             DICOM standards (Digital Imaging and Communications in

                   Medicine).

Indications    for  The SIGNA Victor is a whole body magnetic resonance scanner

Use             designed to support high resolution, high signal-to-noise ratio, and

                   short scan times. It is indicated for use as a diagnostic imaging

                  device to produce axial, sagittal, coronal, and oblique images,

                  spectroscopic images, parametric maps, and/or spectra, dynamic

                images of the structures and/or functions of the entire body,

                    including, but not limited to, head, neck, TMJ, spine, breast, heart,

               abdomen, pelvis, joints, prostate, blood vessels, and

                  musculoskeletal regions of the body.

                Depending on the region of interest being imaged, contrast agents

              may be used. The images produced by SIGNA Victor

                      reflect the spatial distribution or molecular environment of nuclei

                    exhibiting magnetic resonance.

               These images and/or spectra when interpreted by a trained

                   physician yield information that may assist in diagnosis.

Technology:     The SIGNA™ Victor employs the same fundamental scientific

                  technology as its predicate devices.

             SIGNA™ Victor is built with superconducting magnet, RF transmit

                    architecture, RF receive chain and software application suite.


                                                                     Section 5 Page 3 of 6

SIGNA Victor
                                                   510(k) Premarket Notification

Comparison of    The changes in technology do not impact the indications for use.

Indications       The indications for use have not been changed, other than to

for Use              reflect the SIGNA™ Victor product name.

                   Therefore, the intended use is the same as the predicate devices

                      in accordance with the FDA’s guidance document “The 510(k)

                 Program: Evaluating Substantial Equivalence in Premarket

                    Notifications [510(k)]”, dated 28 July 2014.

Comparison of     Overall, the SIGNA™ Victor employs the same fundamental

Technological      scientific technology as the predicate devices.

Characteristics   System Design: Both SIGNA™ Victor and the predict devices

                   includes the 1.5T magnets, RF transmit architecture, RF receive

                  chain and software application suite.

                Operating Principles: The SIGNA™ Victor functions using the

              same operating principles as the predicate devices.

                  Materials: The SIGNA™ Victor and the predicate devices both

                use flame retardant materials.

                 Safety and Performance Testing: Both the SIGNA™ Victor and

                   the predicate devices comply with the same safety and

                 performance testing (see Determination of Substantial

                  Equivalence, below).

               These technological differences do not raise any different

                  questions regarding safety and effectiveness. Both devices must

                 address questions of whether they provide an adequate level of

                image quality appropriate for diagnostic use. The performance

                  data described in this submission include results of both bench

                    testing and clinical testing that show the image quality

                 performance of SIGNA™ Victor compared to the predicate

                   devices.

Determination of  Summary of Non-Clinical Tests:

Substantial      The SIGNA™ Victor and the predicate devices were subject to

Equivalence:       similar risk management testing to demonstrate substantial

                  equivalence of safety and performance.


                                                                     Section 5 Page 4 of 6

SIGNA Victor
                                 510(k) Premarket Notification

Testing to the following voluntary standards included:
    •  ANSI AAMI ES60601-1
    •  IEC 60601-1-2
    •  IEC 60601-2-33
    •  IEC 62304
    •  IEC 60601-1-6
    •  IEC 62366-1
    •  ISO 10993-1
In addition, the SIGNA™ Victor complies with applicable NEMA

MS standards for MRI and NEMA PS3 standard for DICOM, as

does the predicate devices.

Both the SIGNA™ Victor and the predicate devices have a

successful biocompatibility track record, as demonstrated by ISO

10993 testing and by their history of use in previously cleared

devices.

The following quality assurance measures were applied to the

development of the subject device, as they were for the predicate

devices:
    •  Risk Analysis
    •  Requirements Reviews
    •  Design Reviews
    •   Testing on unit level (Module verification)
    •   Integration testing (System verification)
    •  Performance testing (Verification)
    •  Simulated use testing (Validation)

Summary of Clinical Tests:

The subject of this premarket submission, the SIGNA™ Victor, did

not require clinical studies to support substantial equivalence.

Sample clinical images have been included in this submission.

The sample clinical images demonstrate acceptable diagnostic

image performance of the SIGNA™ Victor in accordance with the

FDA Guidance “Submission of Premarket Notifications for

Magnetic Resonance Diagnostic Devices” issued on November 18,


                                                  Section 5 Page 5 of 6

SIGNA Victor
                                                   510(k) Premarket Notification

                 2016. The image quality of the SIGNA™ Victor is substantially

                   equivalent to that of the predicate devices.

                   Substantial Equivalence Conclusion:

               The indications for use of the proposed device are comparable to

                   the claimed predicate devices. The SIGNA™ Victor employs

                   equivalent technology to the claimed predicate devices.

                     Additionally, the results from the above non-clinical tests

                 demonstrate that the device performs as intended. Therefore, the

             SIGNA™ Victor is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices

                     to which it has been compared.

Conclusion:        In conclusion, GE Healthcare considers the SIGNA™

                    Victor to be as safe, as effective, with performance that

                        is substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.


                                                                     Section 5 Page 6 of 6