AI Medical AG
℅ Christian Federau
CEO
Goldhaldenstr 22a
Zollikon, Zuerich CH 8702
SWITZERLAND
                                                            September 22, 2023
Re: K223659
    Trade/Device Name: Jazz
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: August 22, 2023
    Received: August 25, 2023

Dear Christian Federau:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see

K223659 - Christian Federau                                                            Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                            Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K223659

Device Name
Jazz


Indications for Use (Describe)
Jazz is intended for the labeling, visualization and volumetric quantification of segmentable brain structures from a set of
MR images, for patients with a known diagnosis of multiple sclerosis (for the multiple sclerosis pipeline) and/or brain
metastasis (for the metastasis pipeline), and the production of a radiological report.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K223659
                    510(k) Summary


5.1  Submitter

 Name                 AI Medical AG
 Address              Goldhaldenstr 22a
                    8702 Zollikon
                       Switzerland
 Contact Persion       Christian Federau
 Telephone Number   +41 78 8402880
 email                 christian@ai-medical.ch
 Date prepared       15 Aug 2023

5.2  Device

 Device Trade Name    Jazz
 Common Name       Medical Image Processing Software
 Classification Name   System, Image processing, Radiological
 Number             892.2050
 Product Code       QIH (LLZ)
 Classification Panel    Radiology


5.3  Predicate Device

 510(k) Number      K192130
 Device Name          icobrain
 Manufacturer         icometrix NV
                     Tervuursesteenweg 244
                     B-3001 Leuven Belgium
 Classification Name   System, Image processing, Radiological
 Number             892.2050
 Product Code         LLZ
 Classification Panel    Radiology


                                                       Page 5-1 of 5

5.4  Device Description

Jazz is a Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) consisting of a software intended to be a facilitating tool for the
physicians, in the sense of a semi-automatic pipeline for the process of identifying, labeling and quantifying the
volume of segmentable brain structures identified on MR images. “Semi-automatic” refers to the possibility given
to the physician to correct the segmentation of the software before saving.

The following flowchart illustrates the overall architecture of Jazz.


The input images must be MR images. During pre-processing, images get coregistered, contrast get recognized,
and the abnormalities can get optionally pre-annotated. Several algorithms for the pre-annotation of the
abnormalities can be used during the preprocessing. In case a pre-annotation get used, the physician can evaluate
the pre-annotation of the different algorithms, and select the one he judges the best. He might also decide to use
none of them. In all cases, the physician has to review the annotation.

In other words, the use of a pre-annotation of the abnormalities by the physician is facultative, and he has the
choice to:

        1.     use a pre-annotation of abnormalities as they are, if he considers it is adequate after reviewing
            them
        2.     use a pre-annotation of abnormalities but correct them, if he considers that corrections are
              necessary adequate after reviewing them
        3.      don’t use a pre-annotation of abnormalities at all, and annotate the anomalities manually himself

Finally, the physician output is used to compute an electronic report, which again can be annotated by the
physician if he considers it necessary. The electronic report and images summaries get saved in the format
choosen by the user (txt, pdf, DICOMs). Thus, the physician remains fully in control of the output.


5.5  Indication of Use

Jazz is intended for the labeling, visualization and volumetric quantification of segmentable brain structures from
a set of MR images, for patients with a known diagnosis of multiple sclerosis (for the multiple sclerosis pipeline)
and/or brain metastasis (for the metastasis pipeline), and the production of a radiological report.


                                                       Page 5-2 of 5

5.6  Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

Jazz, the device subject to this submission and IcoBrain, the predicate device (K192130) have an identical
classification.

 Device                 Jazz                                     IcoBrain

 Regulation Number   21 CFR 892.2050                    21 CFR 892.2050
 Device Classification  System, Image processing, Radiological   System, Image processing, Radiological
 Name
 Product Code       QIH (LLZ)                               LLZ
 Regulatory Class           II                                                                  II
 Intended   Use    /  Jazz   is  intended  for  the  labeling,  icobrain   is  intended   for  automatic
 Indications for use     visualization     and      volumetric   labeling,  visualization  and  volumetric
                        quantification  of  segmentable  brain  quantification   of  segmentable  brain
                        structures from a set of MR images, for  structures from a set of MR or NCCT
                        patients with a known  diagnosis  of  images.  This  software  is  intended  to
                       multiple  sclerosis  (for  the  multiple  automate the current manual process of
                          sclerosis    pipeline)   and/or   brain   identifying, labeling and quantifying the
                       metastasis (for the metastasis pipeline),  volume of segmentable brain structures
                   and the production of a radiological   identified on MR or NCCT images.
                        report.
                                                                  icobrain consists of two distinct image
                                                               processing pipelines: icobrain cross and
                                                                  icobrain long.

                                                      • icobrain cross  is intended to provide
                                                       volumes  from MR  or  NCCT  images
                                                             acquired at a single time point.
                                                      • icobrain long  is intended to provide
                                                         changes  in volumes between two MR
                                                         images that were acquired on the same
                                                               scanner, with the same image acquisition
                                                               protocol and with same contrast at two
                                                                    different timepoints.

                                                      The results of icobrain cross cannot be
                                                     compared with the results of icobrain
                                                                    long.
Table 1. Comparison with predicate device

Device and predicate device are software for identifying and quantifying the volumes of brain structures, labeling
and visualization. Both devices take 3D MR images of the brain as input and generate an electronic report with
similar quantitative information.

Both devices are DICOM compatible, operate on off-the-shelf hardware and are used by trained professionals in
hospitals, imaging centers or in image processing labs.


                                                       Page 5-3 of 5

The Jazz software includes a verification and correction step by a trained physician before the report is produced.
Icobrain produces the report automatically.


5.7  Performance Data

To demonstrate the performance of Jazz, the measured volumes of the segmentable brain structures are validated
for accuracy and reproducibility. In the accuracy experiments, the measured volumes are validated for accuracy
against manually labeled ground truth volumes. In the reproducibility experiments, the volumes are compared on
test-retest image data sets. A literature review has been performed to set relevant acceptance criteria for each
type of experiment. All experiments passed the acceptance criteria.

This device uses machine learning algorithms as part of its key functionality. Networks were trained using brain
images, which were fully segregated from the test set, and using a ground truth which was set using gold standard
human expert opinion.

The experiments encompassed 344 subject datasets in total. The subjects upon whom the device was tested
include healthy subjects, multiple sclerosis and metastasis patients.

In one accuracy experiment, the acceptance criteria for device performance were set to be a voxel-wise sensitivity
of at least 40%, a voxel-wise specificity of at least 95%, and a lesion-wise dice score of at least 0.5 for both the
multiple sclerosis high sensitivity and high specificity models, as well as a lesion-wise true positive rate of at least
60% and a lesion-wise false negative rate of at most 40% for the high sensitivity model, as well as a lesion-wise
false discovery rate of at most 50% for the high specificity model.

In another accuracy experiment, the accuracy of the anatomy localization was assessed using an anatomy
localization score, and the acceptance criteria for device performance was set to an anatomy localization score of
1 (best) in at least 80% of the cases, and an anatomy localization score of 6 in less than 10% of the lesions.

In another accuracy experiment, the accuracy of the coregistration was assessed using a coregistration score, and
the acceptance criteria for device performance was set to an average quality of the coregistration score larger
than 4 (good coregistration), and the percentage of the coregistration score equaling 2 (bad coregistration) or
worse smaller than 10%.

Reproducibility was tested by producing and reproducing a report using Jazz. The acceptable device performance
were set to be an identical number of lesions, total lesions volume and report generated in a process-reprocess
experiment with Jazz.

All experiments passed the acceptance criteria. In addition, system verification tests demonstrated that the
system provides the capabilities necessary to operate according to its intended use.


                                                       Page 5-4 of 5

5.8  Conclusions

Jazz is a labeling, visualization and segmentation software which has similar intended use and indications for use
statement as the predicate  device.  This 510(k) submission  includes information on  Jazz  technological
characteristics, as well as performance data and verification and validation activities demonstrating that Jazz is as
safe and effective as the predicate, and does not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness.


                       •   This summary includes only information that is also covered in the body of the 510(k).
                       •   This summary does not contain any puffery or unsubstantiated labeling claims.
                       •   This summary does not contain any raw data, i.e., contains only summary data.
Declarations:           •   This summary does not contain any trade secret or confidential commercial
                           information.
                       •   This summary does not contain any patient identification information.


This document is reviewed and approved by Christian Federau, CEO of AI Medical, based on the present data and
information.


                                                       Page 5-5 of 5