July 14, 2023

Brainlab AG
℅ Marc Bergenthal
Manager Regulatory Affairs
Olof-Palme-Str. 9
Munich, 81829
GERMANY

Re: K223106
    Trade/Device Name: Brainlab Elements 6.0, Brainlab Elements Image Fusion, Brainlab Elements
                      Image Fusion Angio, Brainlab Elements Contouring, Brainlab Elements
                BOLD MRI Mapping, Brainlab Elements Fibertracking
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ, JAK
    Dated: June 23, 2023
    Received: June 23, 2023

Dear Marc Bergenthal:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223106 - Marc Bergenthal                                                            Page 2


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K223106

Device Name
Brainlab Elements 6.0, Brainlab Elements Image Fusion, Brainlab Elements Image Fusion Angio, Brainlab Elements Contouring,
Brainlab Elements BOLD MRI Mapping, Brainlab Elements Fibertracking

Indications for Use (Describe)
Brainlab Elements are software applications indicated for the processing of medical image data to support the intended
user group to perform image guided surgery and radiation treatment planning.

Brainlab Elements Contouring provides an interface with tools and views to outline, refine, combine and manipulate
structures in patient image data. The generated 3D structures are not intended to create physical replicas used for
diagnostic purposes.

Brainlab Elements Image Fusion is an application for the co-registration of image data within medical procedures by
using rigid and deformable registration methods. It is intended to align anatomical structures between data sets.

Brainlab Elements Fibertracking is an application for the processing and visualization of cranial white matter tracts based
on Diffusion Tensor Imaging (DTI) data for use in treatment planning procedures.

Brainlab Elements BOLD MRI Mapping provides tools to analyze task based blood oxygen level dependent data (BOLD
MRI Data) to visualize the activation signal.
Brainlab Elements Image Fusion Angio is a software application that is intended to be used for the co-registration of
cerebrovascular image data.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K223106
                                 510(k) Summary

July 14, 2023

                                   General Information
 Manufacturer               Brainlab AG; Olof-Palme Str.9; 81829, Munich, Germany
 Establishment Registration  8043933
 Trade Names                   •   Brainlab Elements Image Fusion
                                 •   Brainlab Elements Image Fusion Angio
                                 •   Brainlab Elements Contouring
                                 •   Brainlab Elements BOLD MRI Mapping
                                 •   Brainlab Elements Fibertracking
 Classification Name         Medical image management and processing system
 Product Code (primary)     QIH
 Product Codes            LLZ, JAK
 (secondary)
 Regulation Number        892.2050
 Regulatory Class                      II
 Panel                     Radiology
 Primary Predicate Device   K212420
                             Brainlab Elements, Brainlab Elements Contouring (4.0), Brainlab
                          Elements Fibertracking (2.0), Brainlab Elements Image Fusion
                                  (4.0), Brainlab Elements Image Fusion Angio (1.0)
 Secondary Predicate       K113732
 Device                       iPlan (iPlan Cranial, iPlan Stereotaxy, iPlan ENT, iPlan CMF, iPlan
                            View, iPlan Spine)
                                    Contact Information
 Primary Contact          Marc Bergenthal
                        Manager Regulatory Affairs
                            Regulatory Affairs
                          Phone: +49 89 99 15 68 0
                              Email: regulatory.affairs@brainlab.com
 Alternate Contact           Sadwini Suresh
                 QM Consultant
                          Phone: +49 89 99 15 68 0
                              Email: regulatory.affairs@brainlab.com


     1.  Indication for Use

       Brainlab Elements are software applications indicated for the processing of medical image
       data to support the intended user group to perform image guided surgery and radiation
       treatment planning.

       Brainlab Elements Contouring provides an interface with tools and views to outline, refine,
      combine and manipulate structures in patient image data. The generated 3D structures are
       not intended to create physical replicas used for diagnostic purposes.


                                                                                                                                   1/9

Brainlab Elements Image Fusion is an application for the co-registration of image data within
   medical procedures by using rigid and deformable registration methods. It is intended to align
   anatomical structures between data sets.

    Brainlab Elements Fibertracking is an application for the processing and visualization of
    cranial white matter tracts based on Diffusion Tensor Imaging (DTI) data for use in treatment
    planning procedures.

    Brainlab Elements BOLD MRI Mapping provides tools to analyze task based blood oxygen
    level dependent data (BOLD MRI Data) to visualize the activation signal.

    Brainlab Elements Image Fusion Angio is a software application that is intended to be used
    for the co-registration of cerebrovascular image data.


2.  Device Description

   The Brainlab Elements 6.0 are applications that transfer DICOM data to and from picture
    archiving and communication systems (PACS) and other storage media devices. They
    include modules for 2D & 3D image viewing, image processing, image co-registration, image
   segmentation and 3D visualization of medical image data for treatment planning procedures.

   They consist of the following software applications:

     1. Contouring 4.5
    2. Image Fusion 4.5
    3. Fibertracking 2.0
    4. BOLD MRI Mapping 1.0
    5. Image Fusion Angio 1.0

    This device is a successor of the Predicate Device Brainlab Elements 5.0 (K212420).

    Brainlab Elements Contouring provides an interface with tools and views to outline, edit,
    refine, combine and manipulate structures in patient image data. The output is saved as 3D
   DICOM segmentation object and can be used for further processing and treatment planning.

    Brainlab Elements Image Fusion is an application for the co-registration of image data within
    medical procedures by using rigid and deformable registration methods.
   The co-registration consists on providing spatial alignment/fusion of medical imaging data,
   which are derived from different or same imaging modalities (e.g. CT, MRI, PET, SPECT, US).
   Once two image sets are fused, they can be viewed simultaneously. All planned content (e.g.
    objects and trajectories) defined in one image set is visible in any other fused image set. The
    algorithm used in Image Fusion matches two image sets together with common anatomical
    structures for optimal fusion results. Therefore, the two image sets must share the same
   common anatomical area.

    Brainlab Elements Fibertracking is an application for the processing and visualization of
    information based upon Diffusion Tensor Imaging (DTI) data, i.e. to calculate and visualize


                                                                                                                2/9

cranial white matter tracts in selected regions of interest, which can be used for treatment
      planning procedures.
       Diffusion Tensor Imaging  (DTI)  is a magnetic resonance technique,  that allows the
     measurement of diffusion anisotropy in the brain using diffusion weighted images that were
     scanned with magnetic field gradients applied in several directions. The Fibertracking
      software uses the scans to calculate the diffusion direction of the water molecules along
       potential white matter fibers for the entire data volume.

      Brainlab Elements Image Fusion Angio is a software application that is intended to be used
       for the co-registration of cerebrovascular image data. It allows to register digital subtraction
      angiographies to vascular images in order to combine flow and location information. In
       particular, 2D DSA (digital subtraction angiography) sequences can be fused to MRA, CTA
     and 3D DSA sequences.

      AI Features:
        Artificial Intelligence features included for the device refers to the identification of previously
      diagnosed lesions or tumors in T1-Weighted Contrast-Enhanced Magnetic Resonance (T1+C
     MR) volumetric images.

     Such functionality was already present in previous versions of the devices, where  it was
     based on a tumor segmentation algorithm without machine learning. As research has shown
       that tumor segmentation algorithms based on AI / ML can achieve better performance
      metrics than non-machine  learning  algorithms,  the tumor segmentation algorithm  is
     complemented with an AI / ML based algorithm that is preferred in case suitable T1+C MR
      volumes are provided to a device.

     The AI/ML algorithm  is a Convolutional Neuronal Network (CNN) developed using a
      Supervised Learning approach. The algorithm was developed using a controlled internal
      process that defines activities from the inspection of input data to the training and verification
       of the algorithm.
     The  training process begins  with the model observing,  learning, and  optimizing  its
      parameters based on the training pool data. The model's prediction and performance are
      then evaluated against the test pool. The test pool data is set aside at the beginning of the
       project.

   3.  Substantial Equivalence

     The Subject Device has similar intended use and technological features as the predicate
      devices. An overview of the similarities and differences can be found in the tables below:

  Predicate Device                          Name

                      Brainlab Elements, Brainlab Elements Contouring (4.5), Brainlab
                    Elements Fibertracking (2.0), Brainlab Elements Image Fusion (4.5),Subject Device                      Brainlab Elements Image Fusion Angio (1.0), Brainlab Elements BOLD
                 MRI Mapping (1.0)


                                                                                                                   3/9

Predicate Device                          Name

                           Brainlab Elements, Brainlab Elements Contouring (4.0), Brainlab     Primary Predicate                        Elements Fibertracking (2.0), Brainlab Elements Image Fusion (4.0),     device (K212420)                           Brainlab Elements Image Fusion Angio (1.0)

    Secondary                            iPlan (iPlan Cranial, iPlan Stereotaxy, iPlan ENT, iPlan CMF, iPlan View,     Predicate device                            iPlan Spine)    (K113732)


           Brainlab Elements – Image Fusion 4.5

  Topic/ Feature        Primary Predicate Device        Subject Device (Brainlab       Comment
                      (Brainlab Elements Image Fusion  Elements Image Fusion 4.5)
                            4.0 (K212420))

Indications for use    Brainlab Elements Image Fusion   Brainlab Elements Image    Same as the
                            is an application for the co-        Fusion is an application for    predicate.
                        registration of image data within    the co-registration of image
                    medical procedures by using      data within medical
                          rigid and deformable registration   procedures by using rigid
                    methods. It is intended to align    and deformable registration
                     anatomical structures between     methods. It is intended to
                     data sets.                           align anatomical structures
                                                between data sets.
                 The device itself does not have
                          clinical indications.             The device itself does not
                                                have clinical indications.

Use Environment    The system shall be used in a     The system shall be used in  Same as the
                       hospital office environment or     a hospital office               predicate.
                  rooms appropriate for surgical     environment or rooms
                       interventions or radiotherapy       appropriate for surgical
                      planning.                           interventions or
                                                        radiotherapy planning.

Computer            Brainlab Elements can be used    Brainlab Elements can be    Same as the
Hardware          on hardware that fulfills the       used on hardware that        predicate.
Requirements        defined minimum requirements:      fulfills the defined minimum
                                                       requirements:
                          -      Operating System:
                 Windows 8.1 64bit                    -      Operating System:
                          -     Minimum 4 logical cores   Windows 8.1 64bit
                          -     Minimum RAM: 6 GB        -     Minimum 4 logical
                          -      Graphics: Direct X         cores
                     compatible


                                                                                                                         4/9

-      Display Resolution: 1920    -     Minimum RAM: 6
                   x 1080 (Full HD)            GB
                                                                   -      Graphics: Direct X
                                                     compatible
                                                                   -      Display Resolution:
                                              1920 x 1080 (Full HD)
Image Data Sets    DICOM 3D imaging Modalities,    DICOM 3D imaging        Same as the
Format                 e.g. CT/XT, MRI, NM/PET, OT,     Modalities, e.g. CT/XT, MRI,  predicate.
                     are supported for automatic      NM/PET, OT, are supported
                        fusion.                               for automatic fusion.

                    Other modalities are supported    Other modalities are
                        for manual fusion (alignment)      supported for manual fusion
                                                         (alignment)

Rigid co-            Automatic rigid co-registration     Automatic rigid co-         The subject device
registration, rigid       (rigid fusion) of 3D DICOM image   registration (rigid fusion) of    additionally
image fusion          data: CT (incl. low-dose CT), MR,  3D DICOM image data: CT    provides
               OT (e.g. Perfusion), MR-DTI, MR-   (incl. low-dose CT), MR, OT   functionality to
                 BOLD, NM/PET                       (e.g. Perfusion), MR-DTI,      automatically fuse
                                          MR-BOLD, NM/PET, US    US to MR images.
                  Manual rigid co-registration (rigid   (ultrasound).
                       fusion) of other (unknown) 3D                                   Safety and efficacy
               DICOM image data, e.g. US       Manual rigid co-registration   of this feature was
                       (ultrasound).                            (rigid fusion) of other           verified via Risk
                                                  (unknown) 3D DICOM       Management and
                                                image data.                    Verification
                                                                                                           activities.


           Brainlab Elements Contouring 4.5

  Topic/ Feature        Primary Predicate Device       Subject Device (Contouring      Comment
                      (Brainlab Elements Image Fusion               4.5)
                            4.0 (K212420))

Indications for Use    Brainlab Elements Contouring      Brainlab Elements         Same as the
                     provides an interface with tools    Contouring provides an       predicate.
                  and views to outline, refine,         interface with tools and
                  combine and manipulate          views to outline, refine,
                      structures in patient image data.   combine and manipulate
                 The generated 3D structures are   structures in patient image
                     not intended to create physical     data. The generated 3D
                       replicas used for diagnostic        structures are not intended
                    purposes.                           to create physical replicas


                                                                                                                         5/9

The device itself does not have    used for diagnostic
                          clinical indications                purposes.

                                             The device itself does not
                                                have clinical indications

Use Environment    The system shall be used in a     The system shall be used in  Same as the
                       hospital office environment or     a hospital office               predicate.
                  rooms appropriate for surgical     environment or rooms
                       interventions or radiotherapy       appropriate for surgical
                      planning.                           interventions or
                                                        radiotherapy planning.

Automatic          The application automatically     The application           Same as the
Segmentation of      creates segmentation objects       automatically creates          predicate.
Objects              provided by the Universal Atlas.    segmentation objects
                                                     provided by the Universal
                   Workflow relevant segmentation    Atlas.
                      objects are created automatically
                         or, if required by a workflow, on   Workflow relevant
                   a single button click.              segmentation objects are
                                                      created automatically or, if
                 The application also offers the     required by a workflow, on
                         possibility to define customized    a single button click.
                    segmentation templates.
                                             The application also offers
                                                        the possibility to define
                                                   customized segmentation
                                                         templates.

Manual Creation     The application provides tools for  The application provides    Same as the
and Refinement of    the manipulation of objects:         tools for the manipulation of   predicate.
Objects                 The application provides tools for  objects:
                  manual creation and refinement   The application provides
                      of segmentation objects:            tools for manual creation
                             -   SmartShaper               and refinement of
                             -   Brush 3D / Erase 3D          segmentation objects:
                             -   Brush 2D / Erase 2D              -   SmartShaper
                             -   Smart Brush                         -   Brush 3D / Erase 3D
                             -   Threshold Segmentation          -   Brush 2D / Erase 2D
                                                                            -   Smart Brush
                                                                            -   Threshold
                                                      Segmentation
Object Manipulation  The application provides tools for  The application provides    Same as the
                      the manipulation of objects:         tools for the manipulation of   predicate.
                                                            objects:
                          -     Copy


                                                                                                                         6/9

-      Margins                       -     Copy
                          -      Smoothing                    -      Margins
                          -       Mirroring                      -      Smoothing
                          -       Shifting and Rotation        -       Mirroring
                          -        Splitting                       -       Shifting and
                          -      Automatic Object Fitting    Rotation
                                                                   -        Splitting
                                                                   -      Automatic Object
                                                                   Fitting

Object Review      The application provides         The application provides    Same as the
                        functionality to control the review   functionality to control the     predicate.
                       state of objects. In case of         review state of objects. In
                      leaving the application with       case of leaving the
                   unreviewed semi-automatically     application with unreviewed
                      or automatically created objects,   semi-automatically or
                   a message is displayed.            automatically created
                                                            objects, a message is
                                                         displayed.

Volumetric Report       It is possible to create a printable     It is possible to create a     Same as the
                       report for an object in a platform    printable report for an         predicate.
                    independent file format, giving     object in a platform
                      information about the object's      independent file format,
                    volume, its diameter according to   giving information about the
                      the Macdonald criteria and its       object's volume, its
                   response evaluation criteria        diameter according to the
                     (RECIST).                     Macdonald criteria and its
                                                  response evaluation criteria
                                   If multiple objects are selected     (RECIST).
                  and a volumetric report is
                      created, it contains information        If multiple objects are
                    about all objects.                  selected and a volumetric
                                                          report is created, it contains
                                                         information about all
                                                            objects.


           Brainlab Elements BOLD MRI Mapping

  Topic/ Feature      Secondary Predicate Device      Subject Device (Brainlab       Comment
                                 (iPlan (K113732))            Elements BOLD MRI
                                                          Mapping)

Indications for Use    iPlan's indications for use are the   Brainlab Elements BOLD     Both devices
                      viewing, presentation, and       MRI Mapping provides tools   contain highly
                    documentation of medical          to analyze task based blood  generic product


                                                                                                                         7/9

imaging, including different       oxygen level dependent       features that deal
                  modules for image processing,     data (BOLD MRI Data) to      with data handling
                   image fusion, atlas assisted         visualize the activation        rather than specific
                        visualization and segmentation,     signal.                         indications for use.
                       intraoperative functional planning
                  where the output can be used     The device itself does not    The BOLD MRI
                         e.g. with stereotactic image       have clinical indications      Mapping Element
                    guided surgery or other devices                               re-implements
                        for further processing and                                          existing tools and
                         visualization.                                                          functionality offered
                                                                         by iPlan BOLD MRI
                 The device itself does not have                            Mapping with
                       specific clinical indications.                                    regards to
                                                                                          functional planning.

Preprocessing         -      Brain Mask Filtering         -      Brain Mask Filtering  The following
                                                                   -       Spatial Smoothing    preprocessing tools
                          -       Spatial Smoothing            -      Motion Correction    were added:
                                                                   -       Optionally use of
                          -      Motion Correction           Distortion Correction  from    -       Optionally
                       (Optional)                         Brainlab Elements Image     use of Distortion
                                                    Fusion                       Correction from
                          -       Slice Time Correction        -      Only for task-based   Brainlab Elements
                       (Optional)                           analysis: Denoising (Low     Image Fusion,
                                                Pass Filtering)
                          -      Denoising (Low Pass                               These tools were
                          Filtering)                                                     evaluated for safety
                                                                                              via risk
                                                                     management
                                                                                                       activities carried out
                                                                                         validated via
                                                                             performance
                                                                                             validation testing
                                                                        and literature
                                                                                        review.


        4.  Performance Data


          Software Verification:
          Software verification was performed, verifying the software requirements through integration
             tests, and unit tests. Incremental test strategies have been set up after verification of the first
           release candidate for changes with limited scope. In this case, an impact analysis of the
           modifications  is performed and  tests  to be performed  are  identified and planned


                                                                                                                         8/9

correspondingly. That means, not all tests have to be performed but only a subset, as some
    of the previous tests are not affected by the change and remain therefore valid.
    Software verification verifies all specifications, including SOUP items and cybersecurity.
   For newly added components, interoperability tests were carried out, in addition to the
    individual component verification.

    Clinical Validation:
   As a part of the design validation process, pre-clinical validation activities were carried out
    for the Subject Device pertaining to its indications for use.

   The Clinical Validation activities concluded that the Subject Device:
     - Provides state of the art features for the purposes of pre-planning for Cranial, ENT, CMF
   Surgery and Radiotherapy Planning.
     - All applicable safety and performance requirements are fulfilled.
     - Device does not pose significant levels of risk and adequate risk mitigation measures are
   implemented.
     - Usability aspects have been considered during the development of the device and the
    device was found to be suitable for the user group stated.
     - Clinical data collected establishes the performance and safety of the Subject Device and
    that the clinical benefits outweigh any potential risks associated with the product.


5.  Conclusion

    Verification and validation activities carried out established that the set requirements were
   met and that the device performs as claimed.
   The Subject Devices’ comparison with the Predicate Devices establishes that they have
    similar functionality, intended use and technological characteristics. Therefore, we believe
    that the Subject Device can be considered substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                                                                                9/9