May 11, 2023

Subtle Medical Inc.
℅ Jared Seehafer
Regulatory Consultant
Enzyme Corporation
611 Gateway Blvd #120
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO CA 94080


Re: K223623
    Trade/Device Name: SubtleMR (2.3.x)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: November 22, 2022
    Received: April 13, 2023

Dear Jared Seehafer:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223623 - Jared Seehafer                                                              Page 2


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K223623                                                             I
Device Name
 SubtleMR (2.3.x)

Indications for Use (Describe)
 SubtleMR  is an image processing software that can be used for image enhancement in MRI images.
  It can be used to reduce image noise for head, spine, neck, abdomen, pelvis, prostate, breast, and
 musculoskeletal MRI, or increase image sharpness for head MRI.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           ZPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)               ]Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

K223623


510(k) Summary


Table 1. Contact Details & Device Name
 Date Summary Prepared:      2023-05-08

 Contact Details

 Applicant Name:                Subtle Medical, Inc.
                             883 Santa Cruz Ave, Suite 205
 Applicant Address:
                            Menlo Park, CA 94025 United States
 Applicant Contact:            Mr. Ajit Shankaranarayanan

 Applicant Contact Telephone:  (650) 397-8709

 Applicant Contact Email:       ajit@subtlemedical.com

 Correspondent Name:        Enzyme Corporation
                             611 Gateway Blvd, Ste 120
 Correspondent Address:
                               South San Francisco, CA 94080 United States
 Correspondent Contact:       Mr. Jared Seehafer
 Correspondent Contact
                                 (415) 638-9554
 Telephone:
 Correspondent Contact
                             jared@enzyme.com
 Email:
 Device Name

 Device Trade Name:          SubtleMR (2.3.x)

 Common Name:               Medical image management and processing system

 Classification Name:           System, Image Processing, Radiological

 Regulation Number:          21 CFR 892.2050

 Product Code:             LLZ

 Device Class:                   Class II
                                   Predicate #: K203182
 Legally Marketed Predicate
                                   Predicate Trade Name: SubtleMR
 Device:
                                   Predicate Manufacturer: Subtle Medical, Inc.

Device Description Summary
    SubtleMR is Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) consisting of a software algorithm that
     enhances images taken by MRI scanners. As it only processes images for the end user, the
     device has no user interface. It is intended to be used by radiologists in an imaging center,
      clinic, or hospital. The software can be used with MR images acquired as part of MRI
    exams on 1.2 Tesla, 1.5 Tesla or 3 Tesla scanners. The device’s inputs are standard of care
    MRI images. The outputs are images with enhanced image quality.

    The software uses a convolutional neural network-based algorithm to improve image
      quality by reducing noise or enhancing the image sharpness. The algorithm’s specific
     parameters vary depending on the choice of image enhancement: noise reduction or
     sharpness enhancement, while the network designs are similar. For each choice, there is a
      fixed set of parameters and the algorithm is working as a fixed nonlinear filter. The choice
     of image enhancement is made by the end user via the DICOM Series Description,
    command line argument, or environment variable.

Intended Use / Indications for Use
    SubtleMR is an image processing software that can be used for image enhancement in MRI
     images. It can be used to reduce image noise for head, spine, neck, abdomen, pelvis,
      prostate, breast, and musculoskeletal MRI, or increase image sharpness for head MRI.

Intended Use / Indications for Use Comparison
    The intended use and indications for use of the subject device are identical to those of the
      predicate device.

Technological Comparison
    The technological characteristics of the subject device are identical to those of the predicate
     device with two exceptions.

     With respect to workflow, in the predicate device, the software operates on DICOM files
     on the file system, enhances the images, and stores the enhanced images on the file system.
    The subject device maintains this functionality, and in addition is capable of processing
     images communicated over ISMRM Raw Data Format (ISMRMRD).

     With respect to the design of the device's neural networks, the properties of the predicate
     and subject device were as follows:

      Predicate: The application consists of two models: sharpness enhancement (SRE) and
     denoising (DNE).
      Subject: Same

      Predicate: The SRE model is an EDSR neural network model. The DNE model is an EDSR
     neural network model.
      Subject: The SRE model is an EDSR neural network model. The DNE model is an PGDnet
     neural network model.

Predicate: Model was built using the Tensorflow/Keras machine learning framework.
      Subject: Model was built using the PyTorch machine learning framework.

      Predicate: Uses composite L1 and SSIM loss function.
      Subject: Uses composite L1, SSIM, perceptual, and high frequency loss function. Also, a
     weighting is used in the loss function to mitigate the pixel-level mis-alignment issue
     between the training data pairs.

    The subject device was validated with test methods identical to those used to test the
      predicate device, and changes in technological characteristics do not present new questions
     of safety and effectiveness.

Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions

     Subtle Medical conducted the following performance testing:

        •  Software verification and validation testing
        •  Study that utilized retrospective clinical data to demonstrate the software enhanced
           image quality in MR images via a reduction of noise or sharpness enhancement.

     Test methods were identical to those of the predicate device.

    The main performance study, utilizing retrospective clinical data, was divided into two
       tests.

     For the noise reduction performance test, acceptance criteria were that signal-to-noise ratio
    (SNR) of a selected region of interest (ROI) in each test dataset is on average improved by
      greater than or equal to 5% after SubtleMR enhancement compared to the original images,
     and the visibility of small structures in the test datasets after SubtleMR was rated on
     average non-inferior to that before SubtleMR based on a Likert reader study. This test
     passed.

     For the sharpness enhancement performance test, acceptance criteria were that the
     thickness of anatomic structure and the sharpness of structure boundaries are improved
      after SubtleMR enhancement in at least 90% of the test datasets. This test passed.

     Based upon the results of this testing, the SubtleMR performance was determined to be
      substantially equivalent to the predicate device.