July 24, 2023
UltraSight Ltd.
℅ Janice Hogan
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
1735 Market Street, Floor 23
PHILADELPHIA PA 19103


Re: K223347
    Trade/Device Name: UltraSight AI Guidance
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2100
    Regulation Name: Radiological acquisition and/or optimization guidance system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QJU
    Dated: June 23, 2023
    Received: June 23, 2023

Dear Janice Hogan:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223347 - Janice Hogan                                                               Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                 Yanna S. Kang -S
                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                          and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K223347
Device Name
UltraSight AI Guidance
Indications for Use (Describe)
The UltraSight AI Guidance is intended to assist medical professionals (not including expert sonographers) in acquiring
cardiac ultrasound images. UltraSight AI Guidance is an accessory to compatible general-purpose diagnostic ultrasound
systems. UltraSight AI Guidance is indicated for use in two-dimensional transthoracic echocardiography (2D- TTE) for
adult patients, specifically in the acquisition of the following standard views: Parasternal Long-Axis (PLAX), Parasternal
Short-Axis at the Aortic Valve (PSAX-AV), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Mitral Valve (PSAX-MV), Parasternal ShortAxis at the Papillary Muscle (PSAX-PM), Apical 4-Chamber (AP4), Apical 5-Chamber (AP5), Apical 2-Chamber (AP2),
Apical 3-Chamber (AP3), Subcostal 4-Chamber (SubC4), and Subcostal Inferior Vena Cava (SC-IVC).
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF
0362

UltraSight Ltd.           SECTION 5 SUMMARY           Page: 5-1 of 10


                                       510(k) SUMMARY
                               UltraSight’s UltraSight AI Guidance              K223347

  Applicant name: UltraSight Ltd.

  8 Pinhas Sapir St.
 Ness Ziona 7403631
  Israel
  Phone: +1-724-648-3514
  Email: info@ultrasight.com
  Contact Person: Davidi Vortman
  Date Prepared: July 19, 2023

 Name of Device: UltraSight AI Guidance

  Classification Name: Image Acquisition And/Or Optimization Guided By Artificial Intelligence

  Classification Code: QJU

  Device class: II

  Regulation number: 892.2100

  Panel: Radiology

  Predicate Devices: Caption Health’s Caption Guidance (DEN190040)

  Intended Use / Indications for Use

 The UltraSight AI Guidance  is intended to assist medical professionals (not including expert
  sonographers) in acquiring cardiac ultrasound images. UltraSight AI Guidance is an accessory to
  compatible general-purpose diagnostic ultrasound systems. UltraSight AI Guidance is indicated for
  use in two-dimensional transthoracic echocardiography (2D- TTE) for adult patients, specifically in the
  acquisition of the following standard views: Parasternal Long-Axis (PLAX), Parasternal Short-Axis at
  the Aortic Valve (PSAX-AV), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Mitral Valve (PSAX-MV), Parasternal ShortAxis at the Papillary Muscle (PSAX-PM), Apical 4-Chamber (AP4), Apical 5-Chamber (AP5), Apical 2-
 Chamber (AP2), Apical 3-Chamber (AP3), Subcostal 4-Chamber (SubC4), and Subcostal Inferior
 Vena Cava (SC-IVC).

  Device Description

  UltraSight AI Guidance is a mobile application based on machine learning that uses artificial intelligence
  (AI) to provide dynamic real-time guidance on the position and orientation of the transducer to help
  non-expert users acquire diagnostic-quality tomographic views of the heart. The system provides
  guidance for ten standard cardiac views.

UltraSight Ltd.           SECTION 5 SUMMARY           Page: 5-2 of 10


  Main features:

        • Quality Bar: The system displays an image quality bar that is continuously updated while the user
        scans the subject, while attempting to find the maximal quality. The quality bar is a score for image
         diagnosability. It represents the classification between high and low quality images, where high
         quality images are defined as grade 3 or more based on ACEP guidelines (Rachel B. Liu et al.,
       “Emergency  Ultrasound Standard  Reporting  Guidelines”,  2018, American  College  of
       Emergency Physicians).
        • View Detection: The system differentiates between three states, and the display adjusts
        accordingly:
                  1.  No heart - heart is not visible, the user is expected to first find the acoustic window
                 where some heart tissue is visible and then follow the navigation instructions.
                  2.  Navigate - the quality bar is below 8 bars, the heart is visible, the user should watch the
                   guidance cues and move the probe accordingly.
                  3.  Hold position - the quality bar has reached 8 bars (or more), the tail of the probe turns
                    green, and the user should record a clip. Saving a clip functionality is not part of the
                     UltraSight AI system; the user saves the clip manually using the Lumify interface.
        • Probe Guidance: The probe guidance feature provides graphic on-screen instructions for the
        user to emulate how a sonographer would manipulate the transducer to acquire the target
        cardiac view. The five possible guidance cues, rotation, tilt, rock, and slides in the lateralmedial and up/down (with respect to the subjects’ head) directions.

       The guidance user interface is composed of a 3D probe display that shows orientation guidance
       cues (rotations, tilts and rocks) and a cross that shows slide guidance cues (slides in x and y
         directions) The user infers the maneuver they should perform from viewing the 3D probe display
       and the slides cross. No explicit text messages appear on the screen regarding guidance cues.


  Technological Characteristics

 The UltraSight AI Guidance software application is similar in its technological features to its predicate
  device, the Caption Health’s Caption Guidance (DEN190040). Both systems are intended as an
  assistive tool to aid medical professionals in the acquisition of cardiac ultrasound images. Specifically,
  both systems are indicated to aid in the acquisition of the following standard views: Parasternal LongAxis (PLAX), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Aortic Valve (PSAX-AV), Parasternal Short-Axis at the
  Mitral Valve (PSAX-MV), Parasternal Short-Axis at the Papillary Muscle (PSAX-PM), Apical 4-
 Chamber (AP4), Apical 5-Chamber (AP5), Apical 2-Chamber (AP2), Apical 3-Chamber (AP3),
  Subcostal 4-Chamber (SubC4), and Subcostal Inferior Vena Cava (SC-IVC). Both systems are
  software applications that apply deep learning-based algorithm to emulate the expertise of a
  sonographer by providing real-time guidance on how to position and manipulate the transducer on a
  patient’s body. Both systems are installed on a third-party, previously cleared ultrasound device.
  There are minor technological differences between the subject and the predicate device, mainly the
  ultrasound device with which the software interfaces and few features offered by the predicate device
  and not by the subject device (auto capture and save best clip). However, as explained in more detail

UltraSight Ltd.           SECTION 5 SUMMARY           Page: 5-3 of 10


  below, these differences do not raise new or different questions of safety or effectiveness since the
  principal technology remains very similar and, in both instances, the key question is whether the device
  enables the intended users to acquire limited (10-view) 2D transthoracic echocardiography (2D-TTE)
  in diagnostic quality. The clinical and human factors validation demonstrated that the use of the
  UltraSight AI Guidance, by users with no prior scanning experience, enabled users to acquire limited
  (10-view) 2D transthoracic echocardiography (2D-TTE) with similar performance as the predicate
  device.
 A table comparing the key features of the subject and the predicate devices is provided below:

                  Caption Guidance        Proposed UltraSight AI   Parameters                                                    Conclusion                DEN190040             Guidance

   Classification    Image Acquisition And/ Or  Image Acquisition And/ Or   Identical
  name            Optimization Guided By     Optimization Guided By
                           Artificial Intelligence            Artificial Intelligence
   Product Code   QJU                QJU                           Identical
   Intended Use   The Caption Guidance     The UltraSight AI             Identical
                    software is intended to      Guidance software is
                      assist medical              intended to assist medical
                     professionals in the          professionals in the
                      acquisition of cardiac        acquisition of cardiac
                    ultrasound images.          ultrasound images.
                   Caption Guidance           UltraSight AI Guidance
                    software is an accessory    software is an accessory
                       to compatible general        to compatible general
                  purpose diagnostic         purpose diagnostic
                    ultrasound systems         ultrasound systems
   Indications for   Caption Guidance           UltraSight AI Guidance      Similar
   use             software is indicated for     software is indicated for
                 use in two-dimensional     use in two-dimensional      Since the use of the
                     transthoracic                transthoracic                 UltraSight AI Guidance
                   echocardiography (2D-      echocardiography (2D-     and its impact to expert
                 TTE) for adult patients,     TTE) for adult patients,     sonographers has not
                       specifically in the             specifically in the          been evaluated, this
                      acquisition of the following   acquisition of the following   users’ population is
                   standard views:            standard views:            excluded from the device’s
                    Parasternal Long-Axis       Parasternal Long-Axis       intended users.
                   (PLAX), Parasternal        (PLAX), Parasternal
                    Short-Axis at the Aortic      Short-Axis at the Aortic
                   Valve (PSAX-AV),          Valve (PSAX-AV),
                    Parasternal Short-Axis at    Parasternal Short-Axis at
                    the Mitral Valve (PSAX-     the Mitral Valve (PSAXMV), Parasternal Short-     MV), Parasternal ShortAxis at the Papillary         Axis at the Papillary
                  Muscle (PSAX-PM),        Muscle (PSAX-PM),
                     Apical 4-Chamber (AP4),    Apical 4-Chamber (AP4),
                     Apical 5-Chamber (AP5),    Apical 5-Chamber (AP5),

UltraSight Ltd.           SECTION 5 SUMMARY           Page: 5-4 of 10


                  Caption Guidance        Proposed UltraSight AI   Parameters                                                    Conclusion                DEN190040             Guidance

                     Apical 2-Chamber (AP2),    Apical 2-Chamber (AP2),
                     Apical 3-Chamber (AP3),    Apical 3-Chamber (AP3),
                   Subcostal 4-Chamber       Subcostal 4-Chamber
                   (SubC4), and Subcostal     (SubC4), and Subcostal
                        Inferior Vena Cava (SC-      Inferior Vena Cava (SCIVC).                        IVC).
                                       The UltraSight AI
                                          Guidance is not intended
                                                      to be used by
                                            Sonographers.
   Intended user    Medical professionals       Medical professionals (not   Substantially Equivalent:
                      (including expert             including expert                    It should be noted that
                   sonographers)             sonographers)             the intended users’
                                                                         population of the
                                                                            UltraSight AI Guidance is
                                                                                        slightly narrower than the
                                                                         predicate and does not
                                                                          include sonographers.
                                                               However, the intended
                                                                     user population of the
                                                                            UltraSight AI Guidance is
                                                            a subset of the broader
                                                                     user population for the
                                                                            predicate; thus, the
                                                                      intended use and
                                                                              indications are fully
                                                           encompassed within the
                                                                         predicate indications.
                                                                         Therefore, the first
                                                                                     criterion for a finding of
                                                                             substantial equivalence
                                                                                            is satisfied.
   Compatible     The uSmart 3200t Plus      Philips Lumify With S4-1     Substantially Equivalent:
   Ultrasound       ultrasound system with the  probe and Samsung Tab    Both the predicate device
   system and      3200t-compatible Terason  S6 and S7 tablets         and the proposed device
   probe         4V2A linear phased array                                 function as a software
                  probe                                               accessory to a cleared to
                                                                     market ultrasound device.
                                                                     Both ultrasound devices
                                                                         are cleared for the
                                                                              diagnostic ultrasound
                                                                                              clinical application of
                                                                              acquiring cardiac images

UltraSight Ltd.           SECTION 5 SUMMARY           Page: 5-5 of 10


                  Caption Guidance        Proposed UltraSight AI   Parameters                                                    Conclusion                DEN190040             Guidance

                                                                                     of adult patients. Since
                                                                         both ultrasound devices
                                                                         are cleared for the
                                                                             required clinical use, the
                                                                  use of different ultrasound
                                                                         devices does not raise
                                                          new questions of safety
                                                                           and/or effectiveness.
   Clinical Features
   Image            Prescriptive Guidance:     Probe Guidance: The        Substantially Equivalent:
   acquisition      The prescriptive guidance   probe guidance feature    While the user interface is
   guidance         feature in Caption          provides graphic on-         slightly different, the
                  Guidance provides         screen instructions for       functionality and type of
                      direction to the user to      the user to emulate how   guidance provided to the
                   emulate how a                                        user will be the same.                                      a sonographer would
                  sonographer would                                           Specifically, both devices                                           manipulate the
                   manipulate the transducer                               provide to the user                                             transducer to acquire the
                       to acquire the optimal view                                 instructions on how to                                                  target cardiac view.
                                                                        manipulate the probe
                                                                                        (translational, tilt and
                                                                                     rotation guidance cues)
                                                                             together with real-time
                                                                      feedback on the
                                                                      expected diagnostic
                                                                                      quality of the resulting clip
                                                                                     to direct the user to a
                                                                     probe position that will
                                                                       enable acquisition of a
                                                                              diagnostic quality clip.
                                                                   Hence, this difference
                                                                 does not raise new
                                                                          questions of safety and/or
                                                                                 effectiveness.
   Real time        Quality Meter: a real-time    Quality Bar: a real-time      Substantially Equivalent
   feedback on     feedback from the Quality    quality bar providing
   image quality    Meter advises the user on   feedback on the clip’s
                    the expected diagnostic      quality advises the user on
                       quality of the resulting clip,   the expected diagnostic
                  such that the user can        quality of the current
               make decisions to further    image. This information
                    optimize the quality, for     can be used by the users
                 example by following the     to assess how close they
                      prescriptive guidance       are to capturing a
                     feature below.                diagnostic-quality image.

UltraSight Ltd.           SECTION 5 SUMMARY           Page: 5-6 of 10


                  Caption Guidance        Proposed UltraSight AI   Parameters                                                    Conclusion                DEN190040             Guidance


   Automatic       Auto-Capture: The        None                        Substantially Equivalent:
   capture of clips  Caption Guidance Auto-                                This feature is not
   with predicted   Capture feature triggers                                  provided; the UltraSight
   diagnostic      an automatic capture of a                               software provides to the
    quality              clip when the quality is                                 user the view detection
                     predicted to be diagnostic,                          and quality bar features
                    emulating the way in                                 which enable any user to
                  which a sonographer                                        clearly identify when a
                 knows when an image is                                 diagnostic quality image
                       of sufficient quality to be                            has been achieved and to
                     diagnostic and records it.                              manually save the clip.

   Retrospectively  Save Best Clip: This       None                        Substantially Equivalent:
   recording of      feature continually                                    Although this feature is not
   highest quality   assesses clip quality while                               provided, the
    clip              the user is scanning and,                                  UltraSight software
                        in the event that the user                                provides to the user the
                          is not able to obtain a clip                             view detection and quality
                        sufficient for Auto-                                     bar features which enable
                    Capture, the software                               any user to clearly identify
                    allows the user to                              when a diagnostic quality
                      retrospectively record the                           has been achieved and to
                    highest quality clip                                    manually save the clip.
                    obtained so far, mimicking
                    the choice a sonographer
                   might make when
                    recording an exam.
  Deep Learning  Yes                    Yes                          Substantially Equivalent
   Based
   Algorithm

  Substantial Equivalence

 The UltraSight AI Guidance is as safe and effective as the Caption Health’s Caption Guidance. The
  UltraSight AI Guidance has the same intended uses and indications for use and similar technological
  characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate device. The minor technological differences
  between the UltraSight AI Guidance and  its predicate device raise no new issues of safety or
  effectiveness. Performance data demonstrate that the UltraSight AI Guidance is as safe and effective
  as Caption Health’s Caption Guidance. Thus, UltraSight AI Guidance is substantially equivalent to
  Caption Health’s Caption Guidance.

UltraSight Ltd.           SECTION 5 SUMMARY           Page: 5-7 of 10


  Non-Clinical Performance Data

 The following testing was conducted to evaluate the device:

      1.  Software moderate level of concern verification and validation testing was conducted as
         required by IEC 62304 and FDA Guidance on General Principles of Software Validation,
        January 11, 2002.

      2.  UltraSight AI Guidance Algorithms’ standalone performance was validated with a number of
         standalone performance tests, see detailed description below.


      3. Human factors Validation: the system was validated with intended users in simulated use
         conditions to ensure the user needs and intended use requirements were met. All tasks,
          including a critical task, were met and no new issues of safety or effectiveness were raised.


  Non-Clinical Standalone Performance Testing of AI algorithms

 The Datasets used for algorithm development and performance testing are listed in Table 1:

  Table 1: Data used for Algorithm Development and Performance Testing

      Phase          Algorithm development       Performance tests for Quality Bar       Performance test for View
                                                                                          Detection and Guidance tests

   Number of                 580                           312                            75
    subjects
                                                                                                         2.3 million frames
   Number of            5 million frames                                                                5,800 clips                        of ultrasound images    samples                of ultrasound images


 The data used for performance testing was collected at different sites, geographically separated, from
  the sites used for collection of the algorithm development data. The data used in the performance
  testing was collected from a population representative to the intended population.

  Performance Tests Overview

 The following features of the system were tested:
    •   Quality bar
    •  View detection (part of the quality bar functionality as explained below)
    •  Probe Guidance
 Each feature of the system (Quality Bar, View Detection, Probe Guidance) was tested
  independently.

UltraSight Ltd.           SECTION 5 SUMMARY           Page: 5-8 of 10


  Quality Bar:

 The quality bar is a score for image diagnosability. It represents the classification between high- and
  low-quality images, where high quality images are defined as grade 3 or more based on ACEP
  guidelines.

 The test was performed on 312 clips. Each clip in the dataset is associated with a target cardiac view
  and was annotated with a  clip diagnosability label (diagnosable  / non-diagnosable), by three
  cardiologists.

 The test assessed the classification performance between “diagnosable” and “non diagnosable” clips
  of each view. The mean AUC was 0.86 with 95% CI [0.85, 0.87] showing good classification
  performance, relative to the success criteria of AUC > 0.8. The mean PPV was 0.93 with 95% CI [0.92,
  0.94] relative to the success criteria of PPV > 0.75, showing good classification performance. Stratified
  analysis was performed, for each target cardiac view the AUC was greater than 0.8, and the PPV was
  above 0.75.

 View Detection:

 The system provides view detection classification that distinguishes between three system states:
  “Hold Position", “Navigate", and “No Heart". The test was performed on 75 subjects on a total of 2.3
  million frames of ultrasound images.

 The view detection classification performance is quantified for the classification tasks of “Hold position"
  vs. “Navigate" and “Hold position" vs. “No heart". The ground truth labels were defined on the frame
  level using annotation of expert sonographers. The mean AUC was 0.988 with 95% CI [0.985, 0.990]
  showing good classification performance, relative to the success criteria of AUC > 0.8. Stratified
  analysis was performed and showed that for each individual binary classification test the AUC was
  above 0.8.

 Probe Guidance:

 The system provides guidance cues when the heart is visible on the ultrasound image. To provide the
  correct guidance cues, the system needs to be able to identify the position and orientation of the probe
  relative to the target cardiac view. There are five possible guidance cues: rotations, tilts, rocks, and
  slides in the x (lateral-medial) and y (superior-inferior) directions.

 The testing was performed on 75 subjects on a total of 2.3 million frames of ultrasound images. The
  testing evaluated the frame level accuracy of each guidance cue prediction. For each guidance cue,
  a series of tests was defined to check if the guidance cue is functioning correctly in a particular direction
  (for example, clockwise rotations relative to 2C view, tilts up from PLAX). Each test was formulated as
  a binary classification test.

 The mean AUC was 0.821 with 95% CI [0.813, 0.827] showing good classification performance,
  relative to the success criteria of AUC > 0.8. Stratified tests show that individual classifiers have
  reasonable discrimination ability, and acceptable classifiers.

UltraSight Ltd.           SECTION 5 SUMMARY           Page: 5-9 of 10


 Human factors Validation:

 The UltraSight AI Guide application underwent summative usability validation in accordance with the
 FDA Guidance Document, "Applying Human Factors and Usability Engineering to Medical Devices"
  (2016). All user tasks associated with the device were evaluated and critical tasks were identified for
  usability evaluation, where if performed incorrectly or not performed at all would or could cause serious
  harm. All participants successfully completed the testing sessions and performed the critical task
  identified in the study without any use errors, close calls, or other issues.

 Based on the results of the summative usability validation, it can be concluded that the UltraSight AI
  Guide application is deemed adequately safe and effective for its intended users, uses, and use
  environments.

  Clinical Performance Data

  Pilot Study

 A prospective single center, multi-reader multi-case (MRMC) study, primarily designed to obtain the
  quality of the clips obtained by medical professionals without specialized echocardiography training
  (non-expert users) when using the Ultrasound AI was conducted. Sixty-one (61) subjects were
  scanned twice, once by a non-expert user, using Philips Lumify with the UltraSight AI guidance; and,
  by a cardiac sonographer using the Philips Lumify hardware but without AI guidance. The clips
  acquired during those scans were reviewed by a panel of 5 expert cardiologists blinded to whether the
  clip was acquired by a non-expert user or a sonographer and to each other’s evaluations. The
  cardiologists assessed whether the non-expert users’ scans were of sufficient quality for the expert
  readers to make qualitative visual assessment of left ventricular (LV) size, LV function, right ventricular
  (RV) size, and the presence of nontrivial pericardial effusion. Six additional echocardiographic
  parameters were visually assessed as secondary endpoints: qualitative assessment of RV function;
   left atrium size; structural assessment of the aortic, mitral, and tricuspid valves; and qualitative
  assessment of IVC size.

 The exams performed by the non-expert users had sufficient visual quality in 100% of cases based on
  majority agreement to assess LV size and function, RV size, and pericardial effusion. For the
  secondary endpoints, the exams performed by non-expert users had sufficient visual quality based on
  majority in 90-100% of cases to assess RV function, left atrium size, AV structure, MV structure, TV
  structure, and IVC size. Furthermore, the exams performed by non-expert users had sufficient
  diagnostic quality based on majority in 80% to 100% of cases to assess PLAX, PSAX AV, PSAX MV,
 PSAX PM, AP2, AP3, AP5, Sub4C and SC-IVC. In addition, most clips (range 78.6-97.9%) taken by
  the non-expert users had a diagnostic quality score of 3 of higher based on American College of
 Emergency Physicians (ACEP) scale.

  Pivotal Study

 A prospective multi center, multi-reader multi-case (MRMC) pivotal clinical study was conducted to
  evaluate  the use  of  UltraSight  AI Guidance by  medical  professionals  without  specialized
  echocardiography training (non-expert/novice users).

UltraSight Ltd.           SECTION 5 SUMMARY           Page: 5-10 of 10


 A total of 240 subjects were scanned twice, once by a non-expert user, using the Philips Lumify with
  the UltraSight AI guidance; and, by a cardiac sonographer using the Philips Lumify hardware but
  without AI guidance. The clips acquired during the scans were reviewed by a panel of 5 expert
  cardiologists blinded to whether the clip was acquired by a non-expert user or a sonographer and to
  each other’s evaluations. The cardiologists assessed whether the non-expert users’ scans were of
  sufficient quality for the expert readers to make qualitative visual assessment of left ventricular (LV)
  size, LV function, right ventricular (RV) size, and the presence of nontrivial pericardial effusion. Six
  additional echocardiographic parameters were visually assessed as secondary endpoints: qualitative
  assessment of RV function; left atrium size; structural assessment of the aortic, mitral, and tricuspid
  valves; and qualitative assessment of IVC size. For the 4 co-primary endpoints, the non-expert users’
  scans were judged to have adequate visual quality on the majority agreement to assess the clinical
  parameters in nearly all subjects, in 93-100% of cases. For the secondary endpoints, the percentage
  of exams performed by non-expert users that had sufficient visual quality based on majority agreement
 was 98% for MV structure, 94% for RV function and left atrium size, 89% for AV structure, 74% for TV
  structure, and 67% for IVC size. Assessment of intra-cardiologists’ variability using Cohen's kappa
  coefficient (κ) was assessed on a randomly selected 10% of the examinations on which a repeated
  assessment was performed. There was very good agreement among the cardiologists when
  assessing the primary endpoints. The results of the study showed that exams performed by non-expert
  users using the UltraSight AI Guidance Software can provide clips with sufficient diagnostic quality
  even immediately upon completion of training.

  Conclusions

 The UltraSight AI Guidance is substantially equivalent to Caption Health’s Caption Guidance. The
  UltraSight AI Guidance has the same intended use and indications for use and similar technological
  characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate device. The minor technological differences
  between the UltraSight AI Guidance and  its predicate device raise no new issues of safety or
  effectiveness. Non-clinical and clinical performance data demonstrate that the UltraSight AI Guidance
  performs as expected and in a manner that is substantially equivalent to its predicate device. Thus,
  the UltraSight AI Guidance is substantially equivalent.