iSchema View Inc.
℅ James Rosa
SVP Regulatory and Quality
433 Park Point Drive, Suite 220
GOLDEN CO 80401


Re: K223396                                                 February 1, 2023
    Trade/Device Name: Rapid RV/LV
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: December 27, 2022
    Received: December 27, 2022

Dear James Rosa:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K223396 - James Rosa                                                                 Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                             DHT 8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                             OHT 8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K223396

Device Name
Rapid RV/LV


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Rapid RV/LV software device is designed to measure the maximal diameters of the right and left ventricles of the
heart from a volumetric CTPA acquisition and report the ratio of those measurements for adults. Rapid RV/LV analyzes
cases using machine learning algorithms to identify locations and measurements of the ventricles. The Rapid RV/LV
device provides the user with annotated images showing ventricular measurements. Its results are not intended to be used
on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CTPA cases.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid RV/LV                                 K223396
510(k) Summary
                                   510(k) Summary
                        iSchemaView, Inc.’s Rapid RV/LV
This document contains the 510(k) summary for the iSchemaView Rapid RV/LV device. The
content of this summary is based on the requirements of 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).
Applicant Name and Address:
      Name:                   iSchemaView, Inc.
       Address:                1120 Washington St., Suite 200
                                  Golden, CO 80401

         Official Contact:          Jim Rosa
                                 Phone: (303) 704-3374
                                   Email: rosa@ischemaview.com

Summary Preparation Date:       January 31, 2023
Device Name and Classification:
       Trade Name:       Rapid RV/LV
     Common Name:     Automated Radiological Image Processing
                            Software
        Classification:         II
       Product Code:       Primary: QIH
       Regulation No:      21 C.F.R. §892.2050
        Classification        Radiology Devices
        Panel:
Predicate Devices:
The iSchemaView Rapid RV/LV Analysis Module is claimed to be substantially equivalent to
the following legally marketed predicate devices:
       Imbio’s RV/LV Software (K203256)

Device Description:
Rapid RV/LV software device is a radiological computer-assisted image processing software device.
The Rapid RV/LV device is a CTPA processing module which operates within the integrated Rapid
Platform to locate and measure the right and left ventricle diameters of the human heart to
ultimately provide a ratio of the right ventricle diameter to the left ventricle diameter. The
RV/LV software analyzes input CTPA images that are provided in DICOM format and provides
both a visual output containing a color overlay image displaying where the ventricle diameter
measurements were made along with the quantitative results of the measurements and a text file
output (json format) containing the quantitative measurement results (the individual right and left
ventricle diameters and their corresponding ratio).


                                  Page 5-1 of 5-4

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid RV/LV
510(k) Summary
Indications for Use:
The Rapid RV/LV software device is designed to measure the maximal diameters of the right
and left ventricles of the heart from a volumetric CTPA acquisition and report the ratio of those
measurements for adults. Rapid RV/LV analyzes cases using machine learning algorithms to
identify locations and measurements of the ventricles. The Rapid RV/LV device provides the
user with annotated images showing ventricular measurements.  Its results are not intended to be
used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical
assessment of CTPA cases.
Technological Characteristics and Substantial Equivalence:
Rapid RV/LV does not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness compared to the
previously cleared Imbio RV/LV Software (K203256). There are minor differences in
intended use and technical characteristics with the predicate device; however, with the
minor changes the clinical use for Rapid RV/LV device is the same with no additional risks.
Thus, the Rapid RV/LV software device is substantially equivalent.
The following table summarizes and compares data on the Imbio RV/LV Software
(K203256) to the Rapid RV/LV software device that is the subject of this Traditional 510(k)
submission.
  Parameter         Imbio RV/LV Software         Rapid RV/LV – Subject Device
                 K203256 - Predicate Device     K223396
  Product Code     QIH                     QIH
  Regulation        21 CFR §892.2050             21 CFR §892.2050
  Intended Use/      The Imbio RV/LV Software     The Rapid RV/LV software
  Indications for      device is designed to measure    device is designed to measure the
  Use                the maximal diameters of the    maximal diameters of the right
                        right and left ventricles of the    and left ventricles of the heart
                       heart from a volumetric CTPA   from a volumetric CTPA
                      acquisition and report the ratio    acquisition and report the ratio of
                     of those measurements. RV/LV  those measurements for adults.
                     analyzes cases using an artificial Rapid RV/LV analyzes cases
                       intelligence algorithm to         using machine learning
                       identify the location and          algorithms to identify locations
                   measurements of the ventricles.  and measurements of the
                 The RV/LV software provides    ventricles. The Rapid RV/LV
                      the user with annotated images   device provides the user with
                  showing ventricular              annotated images showing
                   measurements.  Its results are     ventricular measurements.  Its
                     not intended to be used on a       results are not intended to be used
                     stand-alone basis for clinical     on a stand-alone basis for clinical
                    decision-making or otherwise    decision-making or otherwise
                     preclude clinical assessment of   preclude clinical assessment of
              CTPA cases.              CTPA cases.
  Input Data         Non-gated, CT              Same
  Requirements      Pulmonary

                                  Page 5-2 of 5-4

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid RV/LV
510(k) Summary
                   Angiography images
 DICOM           Yes, using CTPA            Same
  Compliance
 LV Segmentation   Yes                       Same
 RV Segmentation   Yes                       Same
  Diameter         Yes – Automated             Same
  Measurements
  Fully Automated    Yes                       Same
  Segmentation
  Interface        Command Line             Command Line
  Outputs            Reports, DICOM Secondary      Reports, DICOM Secondary
                    Capture Series                  Capture Series

AI/ML Module Development:
Algorithm development was performed using 516 CTPA cases from multiple sites; training
included 80% of cases for validation and 20% for training. Cases selected covered a wide
range of LV diameters. Cases were obtained from Siemens, GE, Toshiba, and Philips
scanners.
Clinical Characteristics:
The primary users of Rapid RV/LV software are medical professionals who use RV/LV
ratio as a clinical metric quantifying the severity of right-heart strain.

Performance Standards:
Rapid PE has been developed in conformance with the following standards, as applicable:
   EN ISO 14971:2019 (R2021)   Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices
    IEC 62304:2006 (R2015)      Medical device software – Software lifecycle processes
    IEC 62366:2015 (R2020)      Application of Usability Engineering to Medical Devices
   NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20           Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)
Performance Data:
Rapid RV/LV complies with DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine) -
Developed by the American College of Radiology and the National Electrical Manufacturers
Association. NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20.
iSchemaView conducted extensive performance validation testing and software verification and
validation testing of the Rapid RV/LV device. Final device validation included standalone
performance validation. This performance validation testing demonstrated the Rapid RV/LV
device provides accurate representation of key processing parameters under a range of clinically
relevant perturbations associated with the intended use of the software. Software performance,
validation and verification testing demonstrated that the Rapid RV/LV device met all design
requirements and specifications.

                                  Page 5-3 of 5-4

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid RV/LV
510(k) Summary
Final performance validation included 124 CTPA cases with ground truth established by 3
experts. The primary endpoint passed, the average slope was 1.1 (95% CI: 1.0, 1.2) and the
average intercept was -0.2 (95% CI: -0.1, -0.3 The lower confidence level of the 95% CI of the
slope and intercept were 1.0 and -0.1. The secondary endpoint (Bland-Altman bias) passes with
mean bias of 0.023 (95% CI 0: -0.04, 0.08). Mean Absolute Error (MAE) between Rapid
RV/LV and the experts was calculated at 3.8mm. The cases were split Male: 44%, Female
56% with an age range or 26-93 years. The samples were mixed from GE, Philips, Toshiba
and Siemens scanners.
Prescriptive Statement:
Caution: Federal law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.
Safety & Effectiveness:
Rapid RV/LV has been designed, verified and validated in compliance with 21 CFR, Part 820.30
requirements. The device has been designed to meet the requirements associated with EN ISO
14971:2019 (risk management). The Rapid RV/LV performance has been validated with case
data.
Conclusion:
In conclusion, the iSchemaView Rapid RV/LV software device is substantially equivalent in
intended use, technological characteristics, safety and performance characteristics to the legally
marketed predicate device, Imbio RV/LV Software (K203256).


                                  Page 5-4 of 5-4