Stryker Corp.
℅ Lucas Dan
Staff Regulatory Affairs Specialist
5900 Optical Ct
SAN JOSE CA 95138

                                                                 September 29, 2023
Re: K230045
    Trade/Device Name: HipCheck
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: August 21, 2023
    Received: August 21, 2023

Dear Lucas Dan:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 4
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K230045 - Lucas Dan                                                                  Page 2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                            Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K230045

Device Name
HipCheck


Indications for Use (Describe)
HipCheck assists the surgeon to determine quantitative measurements for femoroacetabular impingement (FAI)
procedures. HipCheck provides static localization information derived from image processing of intra-operatively
acquired static fluoroscopic images, by superposition of virtual measurement tools onto those X-ray images for skeletally
mature patients.

HipMap FAI Analysis is a patient-specific report used to support surgeon or radiologist pre-operative clinical decision
making. HipMap femoroacetabular impingement (FAI) Analysis provides a morphological analysis of a skeletally mature
hip with potential FAI, including measurements and visualizations that describe hip impingement and stability.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K230045
                            stryker
510(k) Summary


     I.   SUBMITTER


        Stryker Endoscopy
      5900 Optical Court
       San Jose, CA 95138


       Phone: 303-931-2353
        Email: lucas.dan@stryker.com


       Contact Person: Lucas Dan
       Date Prepared: January 5th, 2023


   II.   DEVICE


      Name of Device: HipCheck
     Common or Usual Name: HipCheck
         Classification Name: Picture Archiving and Communications System (21 CFR 892.2050)
       Regulatory Class: II
       Product Code: QIH


  III.   PREDICATE DEVICE


       HipCheck, K182359
        This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.


      No reference devices were used in this submission.


  IV.   DEVICE DESCRIPTION


       HipCheck enables the surgeon to intraoperatively measure alpha angle during hip
       arthroscopy procedures for femoroacetabular impingement. The software is provided to
        the user pre-installed on a mobile touchscreen tablet for which it has been tested for
        compatibility.


       Alpha angle is a value used to indicate cam deformity of the femoral head, seen in patients
        presenting with femoroacetabular impingement. HipCheck provides a visualization tool for
       surgeons to determine the alpha angle intraoperatively, using virtual measurement tools
       superimposed on X-ray images collected during the procedure, which informs clinical
        decision making.


       HipCheck is not patient contacting. The user is instructed to appropriately drape the tablet
      when used in the sterile field.


HipCheck                                                                007 - 1
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification

stryker
  510(k) Summary


            Stryker HipMap FAI Analysis is a patient-specific report intended for use by surgeons or
             radiologists to support pre-operative clinical decision making by providing a morphological
             analysis of a skeletally mature hip with potential femoroacetabular impingement (FAI),
            including measurements and visualizations that describe hip impingement and stability.
          HipMap provides three-dimensional analyses, 3D surface reconstructions, and annotated
           images to support surgeons with pre-operative clinical decision-making.


       V.   INTENDED USE/INDICATIONS FOR USE STATEMENT


           HipCheck assists the surgeon to determine quantitative measurements for
           femoroacetabular impingement (FAI) procedures. HipCheck provides static localization
            information derived from image processing of intra-operatively acquired static
            fluoroscopic images, by superposition of virtual measurement tools onto those X-ray
           images for skeletally mature patients.


          HipMap FAI Analysis is a patient-specific report used to support surgeon or radiologist preoperative clinical decision making. HipMap femoroacetabular impingement (FAI) Analysis
            provides a morphological analysis of a skeletally mature hip with potential FAI, including
          measurements and visualizations that describe hip impingement and stability.


       VI.   COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE

Characteristic           Subject Device                        Predicate Device
                        HipCheck                             HipCheck
                       [K230045]                          [K182359]


Intended               HipCheck assists the surgeon to         HipCheck assists the surgeon to
Use/Indications for Use   determine quantitative measurements    determine quantitative measurements
Statement                  for femoroacetabular impingement       during femoroacetabular impingement
                          (FAI) procedures. HipCheck provides     procedures.
                              static localization information derived
                      from image processing of intra-         HipCheck provides static localization
                          operatively acquired static fluoroscopic   information derived from image
                         images, by superposition of virtual       processing of intra-operatively acquired
                      measurement tools onto those X-ray      X-ray images, by superposition of virtual
                       images for skeletally mature patients.    measurement tools onto those X-ray
                                                                 images.
                     HipMap FAI Analysis is a patientspecific report used to support surgeon
                         or radiologist pre-operative clinical
                          decision making. HipMap
                         femoroacetabular impingement (FAI)
                          Analysis provides a morphological
                           analysis of a skeletally mature hip with


    HipCheck                                                                007 - 2
     Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification

stryker
  510(k) Summary


                           potential FAI, including measurements
                      and visualizations that describe hip
                       impingement and stability.

Product Code(s)         QIH                               LLZ
Intended Patient        Same as predicate.                        Patients undergoing arthroscopic
Population                                                          surgery.
Surgical Approach       Same as predicate.                      Arthroscopic surgery, specifically
                                                               femoroacetabular impingement.
Intended Users         Same as predicate.                     Surgeons and clinical staff.
Operational           Same as predicate.                        Surgical suite.
Environment
Primary Device Function  HipCheck:                             Locate the femoral head and neck to
                         Locate the femoral head and neck to      determine the alpha angle using intradetermine the alpha angle using intra-    operative X-ray images.
                          operative X-ray images.

                   HipMap FAI Analysis:
                        Provide three-dimensional analyses, 3D
                          surface reconstructions, and annotated
                       images to support surgeons with preoperative clinical decision-making.
Main System           Same as predicate.                     Software
Components
User Interface           HipCheck:                                Tablet.
                          Tablet

                   HipMap FAI Analysis:
                         General purpose computing platform
                       and/or HipCheck tablet.
Body Contact and Use    Same as predicate.                 N/A – Device does not have any patient
                                                                        contact.
Sterile, Single-use       Same as predicate.                 N/A – Device is not provided sterile or
                                                                 as a single use product.
Design                 HipCheck:                                        - Workstation for viewing software
                                  - Workstation for viewing software         - Dedicated software for image
                                  - Dedicated software for image            processing and display of virtual
                          processing and display of virtual        measurement tools
                       measurement tools

                   HipMap FAI Analysis:
                            Interactive HTML report for viewing on
                          general purpose computing platform
                       and/or HipCheck tablet.


    HipCheck                                                                007 - 3
     Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification

stryker
  510(k) Summary

Principles of Operation   HipCheck:                            Acquire intra-operative X-ray images,
                        Acquire intra-operative X-ray images,     process the images and display the
                         process the images and display the        virtual measurement tools onto images.
                             virtual measurement tools onto images.

                   HipMap FAI Analysis:
                         Process CT scan to create patient
                             specific report with three-dimensional
                           analyses, 3D surface reconstructions,
                      and annotated images.
Function               HipCheck:                              Display on a tablet screen virtual
                          Display on a tablet screen virtual        measurement tools in relationship to Xmeasurement tools in relationship to X-   ray images.
                         ray images.

                   HipMap FAI Analysis:
                          Display a patient-specific report on a
                          general purpose computing platform
                       and/or HipCheck tablet.
Input Methods          HipCheck:                                        - USB
                                  - USB
                                  - Stryker eRequest Platform (also
                            referred to as the HipMap Portal)

                   HipMap FAI Analysis:

                                  - Stryker eRequest Platform (also
                            referred to as the HipMap Portal)
Export Methods         HipCheck:                                        - USB
                                  - USB
                                  - Stryker Health Cloud

                   HipMap FAI Analysis:
                                  - Stryker eRequest Platform (also
                           referred to as the HipMap Portal)
Image Processing        HipCheck:                                        - Transfer X-ray images from C-arm to
                                  - Transfer X-ray images from C-arm to     computer platform
                        computer platform                            - Overlay virtual measurement tools
                                  - Overlay virtual measurement tools       onto images
                         onto images

                   HipMap FAI Analysis:
                                  - Generate three-dimensional analyses
                       and 3D surface reconstructions from
                     CT scan


    HipCheck                                                                007 - 4
     Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification

stryker
  510(k) Summary


Femoral Head Detection  Same as predicate.                              - Extraction of the region of interest
Workflow                                                                            - Extended Gabor filtering
                                                                                         - Binary edge detection and
                                                                             classification
                                                                                         - Circular Hough transformation
                                                                                         - Feature point tracing
                                                                                         - RANSAC circle matching
                                                                                         - Target circle selection
Energy Source          Same as predicate.                 No energy applied to the patient or
                                                                 operating staff.
Software Level of       Same as predicate.                    Moderate
Concern
Software Operating      HipCheck:                         Programming language used is C/C++.
Environment           Programming language used is C/C++.    The operating system is Windows 8.1.
                     The operating system is Windows 10.    The hardware platform consists of a
                     The hardware platform consists of a      microprocessor-controlled system,
                         microprocessor-controlled system,       based on a PC.
                       based on a PC.
Compatible Hospital     Same as predicate.                     Compatible to 2D C-arms.
Equipment


    HipCheck                                                                007 - 5
     Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification

stryker
510(k) Summary

       Discussion of Similarities and Differences

       HipCheck version 1.5.6 contains three primary changes which are the subject of this
        510(k). The first is a connectivity feature (Wireless and Ethernet) on the HipCheck tablet
       which allows for the secure importation and exportation of case data. The second is the
       change in operating system the HipCheck software runs on; HipCheck 1.5.6 utilizes the
      Windows 10 operating system whereas the predicate utilizes Windows 8. The third change
          is the inclusion of HipMap FAI Analysis.


       Both the subject device and the predicate device share the core functionality to achieve
        visualization of the placement of virtual measurement tools for the determination of alpha
        angle. Updating to HipCheck version 1.5.6’s Alpha Angle algorithm has been done to
       enhance capabilities of the algorithm on uncommon image types (i.e., corner cases) while
       maintaining consistent capabilities on other image types.


        In addition to these changes, bug fixes, administrator tool updates, new troubleshooting
        features, and graphical user interface updates were implemented with the upgrade to
       HipCheck version 1.5.6. Differences between the subject device and predicate device’s
       intended use, indications for use, and technological characteristics were evaluated through
       performance testing.


 VII.   PERFORMANCE DATA/NON-CLINICAL TESTING


       Design verification testing was performed on HipCheck due to the risk analysis and product
        requirements. Testing included software and bench verification testing, as well as design
         validation. Design validation testing was conducted in a simulated-use environment by
       surgeon and sales representative users. Users were successfully able to use the HipCheck as
       intended to determine the alpha angle and utilize the virtual measurement and
        visualization tools.

       Software testing

       Software testing was conducted, and documentation provided, as recommended by FDA
       Guidance for Industry and Staff – Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software
        Functions (June 2023). The software for this device was considered to be of Basic
       Documentation Level of concern since a failure or flaw of any device software function
       could not present a hazardous situation with a probable risk of death or serious injury
        either to a patient, user of the device, or others in the environment of use prior to the
       implementation of risk control measures.


HipCheck                                                                007 - 6
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification

stryker
510(k) Summary

       Mechanical testing

       Mechanical functionality testing was leveraged from the predicate device, HipCheck
       (K182359), including the following to ensure the device design meets user needs in the
       environment of use:
               -   Battery life
               -   Tablet weight
               -   Tablet securement and attachment force to evaluate the connection between the
                tablet and its docking interface on the compatible operating table mounting arm
               -   User interface temperature and functionality at operating temperatures
               -  RF ablation interference
               -   Mounting arm staying force
               -   Simulated-use testing

        Electrical safety and electromagnetic compatibility (EMC)

         Electrical safety and EMC testing was conducted on the compatible touchscreen tablet that
        the HipCheck software is provided pre-installed on. The tablet complies with the IEC
       60601-1 standard for safety and the IEC 60601-1-2 standard for EMC.

      Animal Study

      No animal testing was conducted to determine the safety and effectiveness of HipCheck.

        Clinical Studies

      No human clinical testing was conducted to determine the safety and effectiveness of
       HipCheck.

      HipCheck Design Testing

       Design verification testing was performed on HipCheck due to the risk analysis and product
        requirements. Testing included bench verification and design validation testing. Design
        validation testing was conducted in a simulated-use environment by surgeon and sales
        representative users. Testing from the previously cleared HipCheck (K182359) was
       leveraged as appropriate. Users were successfully able to use the HipCheck as intended to
       determine the alpha angle and utilize the virtual measurement and visualization tools.

       Standalone Performance Testing

        Stryker conducted standalone performance testing on an object detection AI/ML model
        that is a part of the image processing pipeline. The test dataset consists of 745 fluoroscopic
        images. 184 images did not contain images of hips and were used to test false positive


HipCheck                                                                007 - 7
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification

stryker
510(k) Summary


        detection. 561 images were taken of 81 hips. Geographically, the images come from 6
         clinical sites in the United States, Netherlands, and Germany representative of the intended
       use population. Numerous subgroups were evaluated to demonstrate the generalizability of
        the device across the dataset. Images were collected during product development cadaver
        labs or from anonymized log files from patients undergoing surgery with the use of
       HipCheck. The images were labeled using software for labeling the femur with the precise
        location of femoral head and neck. All images were tagged by two people trained to use the
        software. Testing was done against the average value of the two taggers. The test dataset
      was independent of the data used during model training and stored in a different accesscontrolled location.


      The results of the standalone performance testing demonstrate the AI/ML model:
               -   Automatically detects the presence or absence of a hip (90% Lower Bound of
             97.5%)
               -   Finds the region of the image that contains the femur with high accuracy:
              o  Head center X coordinate is within +3.3%/-3.5
              o  Head center Y coordinate is within +3.8%/-4.8%
              o  Neck Angle relative to vertical is within +13.63°/-15.35°
        Additionally, the performance was also validated for the following subgroups:
               -  Image Quality
              o  Average
              o  Good
               -   Alpha Angle
              o  Low (<47.7°)
              o  Medium (47.7°-65.5°)
              o  High (>65.5°)
               -  Neck Width (as a ratio to Head Diameter)
              o  Low (<0.63)
              o  Medium (0.63-0.73)
              o  High (>0.73)
               -  Neck Length (as a ratio to Head Diameter)
              o  Low (<0.386)
              o  Medium (0.386-0.465)
              o  High (>0.465)
               -   Hip Position
              o  30° Internal Rotation, 0° Flexion
              o  0° Rotation, 0° Flexion
              o  30° External Rotation, 0° Flexion
              o  0° Rotation, 50° Flexion
              o  40° External Rotation, 50° Flexion
              o  60° External Rotation, 50° Flexion
               -   Femoral Head Size (as a ratio to Image Size)
              o  Low (<0.301)

HipCheck                                                                007 - 8
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification

stryker
510(k) Summary

              o  Medium (0.301-0.343)
              o  High (>0.343)

      HipMap Performance Testing

       Stryker conducted a segmentation accuracy and reliability study using HipMap workflow
       software. It reviews the performance of Stryker personnel segmenting pelvic CT scans using
      HipMap workflow software against trained third-party personnel performing image
       segmentation of the same scans using 510(k) cleared software. It also reviews the reliability
        of segmentation between Stryker personnel, and the reliability of the HipMap FAI Analysis
      by comparing clinical measurement outputs generated from the third-party segmentation
        (external rater vs internal rater), Stryker employee segmentations (inter-rater reliability),
      and iterations of segmentations performed by the same Stryker employee (intra-rater
         reliability).


VIII.   CONCLUSIONS


       Based on the shared technological characteristics and intended use, HipCheck version 1.5.6
          is substantially equivalent to the predicate, HipCheck (K182359). Differences between the
        subject and predicate devices’ technological characteristics do not raise different questions
        of safety and effectiveness of HipCheck. The results of the non-clinical testing conducted
       supports the safety of the device and demonstrates that HipCheck performs as intended in
        the specified use conditions.


HipCheck                                                                007 - 9
Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification