May 25, 2023

Saranas Inc.
℅ Allison Komiyama
Consultant
RQM+
2251 San Diego Ave.
Suite B-257
San Diego, California 92110


Re: K230273
    Trade/Device Name: Saranas Early Bird Bleed Monitoring System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1345
    Regulation Name: Intravascular bleed monitor
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QFJ
    Dated: January 31, 2023
    Received: January 31, 2023

Dear Allison Komiyama:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

K230273 - Allison Komiyama                                                           Page 2


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                       Robert T. Kazmierski -S
                                              for
                             LCDR Stephen Browning
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                 Diagnostics, and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)

                                                             I
Device Name
 Saranas Early Bird Bleed Monitoring System

Indications for Use (Describe)
 The Early Bird is indicated for the introduction of catheters, catheter balloons, and other diagnostic
 and interventional devices into the femoral artery or femoral vein while maintaining hemostasis
 during diagnostic and interventional endovascular procedures.

 The Early Bird provides physicians with an early indication of a potential internal bleeding
 complication by initial detection and monitoring of extravascular fluid accumulation.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           ZPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)               ] Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

Doc Number:             Revision: 0
                          Title: 510(k) Summary (K230273)      Traditional 510(k)
                                                  Submission            Page 1 of 6

510(k) Summary for the Saranas® Early Bird® Bleed Monitoring System

Contact Information

Manufacturer Name                  Saranas, Inc.
                                2450 Holcombe Boulevard
                                       Suite X
                                    Houston, Texas 77021,
                                     United States
                                    Telephone:     (833) 375-9273

Official Contact                        Odell Roberts
                                        Quality Director

Consultant                               Allison Komiyama, PhD, RAC
                         RQM+
                                akomiyama@rqmplus.com
                                    Telephone:     (412) 816-8253

510(k) Summary prepared on April 21, 2023

Regulatory Information

FDA identifies this generic type of device as:

        Intravascular bleed monitor. An intravascular bleed monitor is a probe, catheter, or catheter
        introducer that measures changes in bioimpedance and uses an algorithm to detect or monitor
        progression of potential internal bleed complications.

Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1345

Classification: II

Product Code: QFJ

Device Trade/Proprietary Name: Saranas® Early Bird® Bleed Monitoring System

Claim of Equivalence

Traditional 510(k) claiming equivalence to legally marketed device of same name:

       Saranas® Early Bird® Bleed Monitoring System DE NOVO Submission Number: DEN180021

       Date DE NOVO Classification Granted: March 1, 2019

Device Description

The Saranas Early Bird Bleed Monitoring System (Early Bird) is a single use, disposable, Ethylene Oxide
sterilized medical device. The Early Bird now claims a 2-year shelf life.

The Early Bird consists of the following: introducer sheath, user interface display (UID), for the early
detection and monitoring of potential internal bleeding complications (IBCs), and a compatible dilator as
shown in Figure 1.

Doc Number:             Revision: 0
                          Title: 510(k) Summary (K230273)      Traditional 510(k)
                                                  Submission            Page 2 of 6

FIGURE 1: Early Bird Bleed Monitoring System


The Early Bird introducer sheath contains four embedded electrodes on the cannula and a hemostasis
valve located within the sheath hub. The distal end of the sheath has a tapered leading edge which
transitions smoothly to the tapered dilator, forming an atraumatic device. The dilator is radiopaque to aid
in visibility under fluoroscopy during insertion.

The Early Bird electrodes are connected via conductors, which transverse an independent lumen in the
flush line, to a battery powered impedance analyzer, which resides in the User Interface Display (UID),
depicted in Figure 2. The Early Bird is designed to monitor changes in bioimpedance due to extravascular
fluid accumulation in the region where the device is inserted into the body during a percutaneous
endovascular procedure.

FIGURE 2: Early Bird User Interface Display

Doc Number:             Revision: 0
                          Title: 510(k) Summary (K230273)      Traditional 510(k)
                                                  Submission            Page 3 of 6

Indications for Use

The Early Bird is indicated for the introduction of catheters, catheter balloons, and other diagnostic and
interventional devices into the femoral artery or femoral vein while maintaining hemostasis during
diagnostic and interventional endovascular procedures.

The Early Bird provides physicians with an early indication of a potential internal bleeding complication by
initial detection and monitoring of extravascular fluid accumulation.

Summary of Device Instructions for Use (IFU) Changes

    •  A clarification was added to one device warning because of firmware changes.
    •   Sheath preparation directions for use included additional information:
         o  The device is activated by pulling on the battery isolation pull tab before it is inserted into
             a patient for use and turned off after confirming a blinking green light.
         o  The device is reactivated by pressing the power button after the device is inserted into
                the patient.
    •   Early Bird bioimpedance measurement reset functionality directions for use were added:
         o   Briefly, at the physician’s discretion, pressing the power button for seven (7) seconds,
              anytime five (5) minutes after activation, initiates the reset action as indicated by all three
              Bleed Monitoring Indicators (red LEDs) flashing once per second.
         o  A successful reset is confirmed by all indicators flashing once and a brief audible tone
                  identical to the power on sequence of the predicate and modified device (i.e., power on
             sequence unchanged).

Technological Characteristics of Modified Device Versus Predicate Device

Some internal bleeding complications may progress slowly resulting in a rate of change of bioimpedance
lower than the existing Early Bird Bleed Monitoring System (EBBMS) device’s slope threshold. As a
result, these slower bleeds may go undetected. This software release augments the detection algorithm
by integrating an additional detection scheme based on an impedance drop threshold to supplement the
current detection algorithm. The enhanced algorithm triggers a Level 1 bleed detection upon
either an impedance drop threshold from a baseline impedance value or a bioimpedance drop rate that
exceeds a slope threshold: the later trigger criterion being identical to the predicate device trigger
criterion. Once the Level 1 bleed is activated by either detection scheme, the Level 2 and Level 3
detections function the same as in the predicate version of the firmware.

The modified device has an improved power on self-test upon activation, which allows for confirming the
functional health of the device with a reduction of false error indications. Specifically, the upper limit of the
calibration self-check was widened to reduce erroneous faults after activation. The enhanced firmware
also provides an opportunity for users to reset the EBBMS detection algorithm at their discretion.
Resetting the device is equivalent to activating a new device, reestablishing the bioimpedance baseline
and enables further bleed detection and monitoring. The physical Early Bird device is unchanged from the
firmware update. There are no changes to device materials or dimensions. There are no hardware
changes to the Early Bird device related to the update of the firmware.

Below is a table that summarizes the technological characteristics of the device in this K230273
submission and compares these technological characteristics to the legally marketed Early Bird Bleed
Monitoring System (DEN180021).

Doc Number:             Revision: 0
                         Title: 510(k) Summary (K230273)      Traditional 510(k)
                                                 Submission            Page 4 of 6


                     Subject Device                Predicate Device         Rationale for Substantial
                       (K230273)                   (DEN180021)              Equivalence (SE)
Sponsor         Saranas, Inc.                       Saranas, Inc.                   No change
Device Name    Saranas® Early Bird® Bleed          Saranas® Early Bird® Bleed         No change
                  Monitoring System                    Monitoring System
Device         21 CFR 870.1345 Intravascular       21 CFR 870.1345 Intravascular      No change
Regulation /      Bleed Monitor                      Bleed Monitor
Classification
Name
Product Code /   QFJ / Class II                  QFJ / Class II                  No change
Class
Indications for    The Early Bird is indicated for the     The Early Bird is indicated for the     No change
Use               introduction of catheters, catheter      introduction of catheters, catheter
                   balloons, and other diagnostic and     balloons, and other diagnostic and
                    interventional devices into the          interventional devices into the
                 femoral artery or femoral vein while    femoral artery or femoral vein while
                  maintaining hemostasis during         maintaining hemostasis during
                  diagnostic and interventional           diagnostic and interventional
                 endovascular procedures.            endovascular procedures.

               The Early Bird provides physicians    The Early Bird provides physicians
                   with an early indication of a potential   with an early indication of a potential
                    internal bleeding complication by       internal bleeding complication by
                         initial detection and monitoring of         initial detection and monitoring of
                  extravascular fluid accumulation.       extravascular fluid accumulation.
Intended Use    The Early Bird is intended:          The Early Bird is intended:          No change
                        • to be inserted into the femoral           • to be inserted into the femoral
                    artery or femoral vein to provide a      artery or femoral vein to provide a
                  conduit for the insertion of             conduit for the insertion of diagnostic
                  diagnostic and interventional         and interventional endovascular
                 endovascular devices.                 devices.
                        • to provide physicians with an early     • to provide physicians with an early
                    indication of extravascular fluid         indication of extravascular fluid
                 accumulation, which may be due to    accumulation, which may be due to a
               a potential internal bleeding             potential internal bleeding
                  complication.                          complication.
                        • to detect and monitor changes in       • to detect and monitor changes in
                bioimpedance due to extravascular    bioimpedance due to extravascular
                       fluid accumulation, and to provide       fluid accumulation, and to provide
                  physicians with indications that a       physicians with indications that a
                    potential internal bleeding               potential internal bleeding
                  complication is progressing.           complication is progressing.

               The Early Bird is intended to provide   The Early Bird is intended to provide
                  physicians and other healthcare       physicians and other healthcare
                  providers with additional information    providers with additional information
                    to aid in their clinical assessment of    to aid in their clinical assessment of
                  the patient during and after            the patient during and after
                 endovascular procedures. As such,    endovascular procedures. As such, it
                                 it is not intended to diagnose or          is not intended to diagnose or
                  replace clinical judgment of            replace clinical judgment of
                  healthcare professionals.              healthcare professionals.
Shelf Life       2 years                          1 year                             Two-year real time aging and
                                                                                           two-year accelerated aging
                                                                                                       validation studies, conducted
                                                                                                                in compliance with applicable
                                                                            ISO and ASTM standards,
                                                                                                            verified that packaging and
                                                                                                                  sterile barrier requirements,
                                                                                                               electrical performance
                                                                                             requirements, and mechanical
                                                                                      performance requirements
                                                                                 were all met, demonstrating
                                                                                                equivalent performance to the
                                                                                                predicate device.
Device Sizes     6 French and 8 French             6 French and 8 French            No change

Doc Number:             Revision: 0
                         Title: 510(k) Summary (K230273)      Traditional 510(k)
                                                 Submission            Page 5 of 6

                     Subject Device                Predicate Device         Rationale for Substantial
                       (K230273)                   (DEN180021)              Equivalence (SE)
Device         20 cm (23 cm)                    20 cm (23 cm)                  No change
Working
Length (with
dilator)
Single-Use      Yes                            Yes                         No change
Device?
Sterilization      Ethylene Oxide; SAL 10-6             Ethylene Oxide; SAL 10-6          No change
Method
Power Source    1 Alkaline 1.5V AAA battery          1 Alkaline 1.5V AAA battery         No change
Battery Life     Up to 12 hours                 Up to 12 hours                  No change
Electrical      ME Equipment Class: Internally     ME Equipment Class: Internally      No change
Safety          Powered                        Powered

                   Patient Connection: Type BF           Patient Connection: Type BF
Initial Device     User interface display battery pull     User interface display battery pull tab  No change
Activation         tab
Internal          Audible and Visual indicators (three    Audible and Visual indicators (three   No change
Bleeding           levels)                                   levels)
Complication
(IBC) Indicators
Software        Yes                            Yes                            The subject device does not
Verification and                                                                                 introduce any new concerns
Validation                                                                                                     for safety or effectiveness
Requirements                                                                                    with the firmware changes.
Met?
                                                                            The subject device and the
                                                                                                predicate device
                                                                                      demonstrated to be
                                                                                                       substantially equivalent.
Ability for       Yes                         No                             The reset allows the clinician
device to be                                                                                            to initiate a new, real-time
reset?                                                                                    bleed monitoring session to
                                                                                       account for situations
                                                                                                     involving active bleeding, or
                                                                         when the device becomes
                                                                                                    accidentally dislodged. The
                                                                                                  reset restores the device to
                                                                                              the original factory settings.

                                                                                    There is no change to the
                                                                                impedance measurement
                                                                             mechanism or the IBC
                                                                                                         indicators, and therefore, the
                                                                                                subject device and the
                                                                                                predicate device demonstrate
                                                                                                         to be substantially equivalent.
Direct Contact    Meets ISO 10993                  Meets ISO 10993                No change
Biocompatibility
Testing

Doc Number:             Revision: 0
                          Title: 510(k) Summary (K230273)      Traditional 510(k)
                                                  Submission            Page 6 of 6

Non-clinical Performance Data

Design controls were conducted in accordance with IEC 62304:2006, ISO 13485:2016, 21 CFR Part 820
and ISO 14971:2019. Design verification activities centered around existing Early Bird software and
electrical verification test protocols and acceptance criteria (e.g., for the User Interface Display, Printed
Circuit Board Assembly, and non-product tool data processor), and design validation activities centered
around existing data sets from the Early Bird animal validation study. Verification and validation results all
passed, indicating that the enhanced algorithm provides an alternate Level 1 bleed detection which
triggers upon an impedance drop threshold from a baseline impedance value. These design control
activities demonstrate reliable results and risk controls that form the basis for substantial equivalence
between the designs of the modified Early Bird and the cleared Early Bird (DEN180021).

Conclusions

Risk analysis and assessment were conducted in accordance with ISO 13485:2016 and ISO 14971:2019.
In summary, there were no unacceptable risks due to device operation because of the algorithm changes.

The device algorithm change does not change existing device precautions, potential adverse events, and
the essential performance statement within the Device Instructions for Use. Early Bird risk management
documentation (hazards, failure modes, and effects analyses) was updated accordingly.

Possible device failure risk hazards have been mitigated through design verification and validation
activities, and therefore, the risk level of possible device failure did not change.

The software design verification and validation activities and regression testing provide a high degree of
assurance for safety and effectiveness that the device performs as intended. These design controls
demonstrate reliable results and risk controls that form the basis for substantial equivalence between the
designs of the modified Early Bird and the cleared Early Bird (DEN180021).