February 22, 2023

MRIguidance B.V.
℅ Sujith Shetty
Executive Vice President
MAXIS Medical
3031 Tisch Way, Suite 1010
San Jose, California 95128


Re: K230197
    Trade/Device Name: BoneMRI v1.6
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: January 25, 2023
    Received: January 25, 2023

Dear Sujith Shetty:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 5 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K230197 - Sujith Shetty                                                                Page 2


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K230197
Device Name
BoneMRI v1.6
Indications for Use (Describe)
BoneMRI is an image processing software that can be used for image enhancement in MRI images. It can be used to
visualize the bone structures in MRI images with enhanced contrast with respect to the surrounding soft tissue. It is to be
used in the pelvic region, which includes the bony anatomy of the sacrum, hip bones and femoral heads; and the lumbar
spine region, which includes the bony anatomy of the vertebrae from L3 to $1. BoneMRI is not to be used for diagnosis or
monitoring of (primary or metastatic) tumors.
Warning: BoneMRI images are not intended to replace CT images.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

Special 510(k) Notification
                            5.1  510(k) Summary
This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in
accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CRF 807.92.


5.2  510(k) number: K230197


5.3  Applicant Information
MRIguidance B.V.
Maliesingel 23
3581 BG, Utrecht
The Netherlands
info@mriguidance.com
www.mriguidance.com
+31 681741711

5.4  Contact Person
Marijn van Stralen
Chief Technology Officer
MRIguidance B.V.
Email: marijn@mriguidance.com
Tel.: +31 610 505 649
Date Prepared: January 27, 2023

5.5  Official Correspondent
Dr. Sujith Shetty
Executive Vice President
MAXIS LLC
Email: sjshetty@maxismedical.com

5.6  Device Information
Trade Name:            BoneMRI v1.6
Common Name:         MRI image enhancement software
Classification Name:        Medical image management and processing system
Regulation Number:       21 CRF 892.2050
Regulatory Class:          Class II
Product Code:           QIH

Special 510(k) Notification


5.7  Predicate Device

        Name                    Manufacturer                      510(k)#
       BoneMRI v1.4               MRIguidance B.V.                 K221762


This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall. No reference devices
were used in this submission.

5.8  Device Description
The BoneMRI application is a standalone image processing software application that
analyses 3D gradient echo MRI scans acquired with a dedicated MRI scan protocol.
From the analysis, 3D tomographic radiodensity contrast images, called BoneMRI
images, are constructed.
The BoneMRI images can be used to visualize the bone structures in MR images with
enhanced contrast with respect to the surrounding soft tissue. The application is
designed to be used by imaging experts, such as radiologists or orthopedic surgeons,
typically in a physician’s office.
The BoneMRI application is a server application running on the clinic or hospital
networks. It is available as fully on-premise software with specific GPU hardware
requirements, or partly running as a managed service, for which the environment in
which the managed modules run is controlled by MRIguidance, but the managed
service will not receive protected health information (PHI). Within the hospital network,
the application communicates with a DICOM compatible imaging archive (e.g., a PACS)
to receive input MRI and to return BoneMRI images. Reading of the resulting BoneMRI
images is performed using regular DICOM compatible medical imaging viewing
software.
The application uses an algorithm to detect bone images from MRIs obtained using a
specific acquisition sequence. The algorithm training sets included information from
multiple clinical sites, multiple anatomies, and multiple scanners to ensure that the
trained algorithm was robust with respect to the approved indications for use. None of
the data used in the training dataset was used subsequently in the validation dataset.

5.9  Indications for Use
BoneMRI is an image processing software that can be used for image enhancement in
MRI images. It can be used to visualize the bone structures in MRI images with

Special 510(k) Notification
enhanced contrast with respect to the surrounding soft tissue. It is to be used in the
pelvic region, which includes the bony anatomy of the sacrum, hip bones, and femoral
heads; and the lumbar spine region, which includes the bony anatomy of the vertebrae
from L3 to S1. BoneMRI is not to be used for diagnosis or monitoring of (primary or
metastatic) tumors.
Warning: BoneMRI images are not intended to replace CT images.


5.10 Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device:
A comparison of the intended use, indication for use, and technological characteristics
of the BoneMRI application to the predicate device, BoneMRI v1.4, is presented below.
We have included the attributes suggested in FDA’s website guidance for this
comparison.

A. Intended Use
                        Predicate Device            Subject Device
                                                           Comment
                     BoneMRI v1.4              BoneMRI
 Intended Use     BoneMRI is an image       BoneMRI is an image       The same
                    processing software that can  processing software that can
                  be used for image           be used for image
                  enhancement in MRI        enhancement in MRI
                    images. It can be used to     images. It can be used to
                       visualize the bone structures   visualize the bone structures
                         in MRI images with              in MRI images with
                  enhanced contrast with       enhanced contrast with
                     respect to the surrounding     respect to the surrounding
                        soft tissue. It is to be used in   soft tissue. It is to be used in
                     the pelvic region, which       the pelvic region, which
                     includes the bony anatomy    includes the bony anatomy
                       of the sacrum, hip bones       of the sacrum, hip bones
                  and femoral heads; and the   and femoral heads; and the
                   lumbar spine region, which    lumbar spine region, which
                     includes the bony anatomy    includes the bony anatomy
                       of the vertebrae from L3 to     of the vertebrae from L3 to
                    S1. BoneMRI is not to be     S1. BoneMRI is not to be
                  used for diagnosis or        used for diagnosis or
                     monitoring of (primary or      monitoring of (primary or
                      metastatic) tumors.            metastatic) tumors.

                    Warning: BoneMRI images    Warning: BoneMRI images
                    are not intended to replace    are not intended to replace
               CT images.             CT images.
 21CFR Section     892.2050                   892.2050                 The same
 Product Code     QIH                    QIH                     The same

Special 510(k) Notification

                        Predicate Device            Subject Device
                                                           Comment
                     BoneMRI v1.4              BoneMRI
 Target Population   Adults                        Adults                   The same


B. Technological Characteristics
                        Predicate Device            Subject Device
                                                           Comment
                     BoneMRI v1.4              BoneMRI
 Device Nature      Software package            Software package          The same
 Operating System   Linux                        Linux                    The same
 Data input        MRI images in DICOM      MRI images in DICOM       The same
                     format                       format

 Data output       MRI images in DICOM      MRI images in DICOM       The same
                     format                       format
 Processing        MRIguidance software       MRIguidance software       The same
 Algorithms         implements an image         implements an image
                  enhancement algorithm      enhancement algorithm
                     using convolutional neural     using convolutional neural
                     network. Original images are  network. Original images are
                  enhanced by running them    enhanced by running them
                    through a cascade of filter     through a cascade of filter
                    banks, where thresholding    banks, where thresholding
                  and scaling operations are    and scaling operations are
                      applied. Separate neural       applied. Separate neural
                   network-based filters are      network-based filters are
                    obtained to assign a          obtained to assign a
                     Hounsfield Unit (HU) value    Hounsfield Unit (HU) value
                       to a single volume element,    to a single volume element,
                  based on intensity and       based on intensity and
                     contextual information. The    contextual information. The
                   parameters of the model      parameters of the model
                  were obtained through an     were obtained through an
                     algorithm development        algorithm development
                        pipeline.                         pipeline.
 User Interface     None – enhanced images    None – enhanced images    The same
                    are viewed on existing        are viewed on existing
               PACS workstations        PACS workstations
 Workflow         The software operates on    The software operates on    The same
               DICOM files on the file      DICOM files on the file
                    system, enhances the        system, enhances the
                    images, and stores the       images, and stores the
                  enhanced images on the file  enhanced images on the file
                    system. The receipt of        system. The receipt of
                        original DICOM image files     original DICOM image files
                  and delivery of enhanced     and delivery of enhanced
                  images as DICOM files       images as DICOM files

Special 510(k) Notification

                        Predicate Device            Subject Device
                                                           Comment
                     BoneMRI v1.4              BoneMRI
                  depends on other software    depends on other software
                    systems. Enhanced images   systems. Enhanced images
                       co-exist with the original       co-exist with the original
                    images.                     images.

5.11 Performance Data:
BoneMRI conducted the following performance testing:
       1.  Software verification and validation testing
       2.  Studies that utilized retrospective clinical data to demonstrate the software
         enhanced imaging quality in MR images via an enhancement of bone.


      Software verification and validation testing
Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was
provided as recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance
for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices,”
dated May 11, 2005.


     Performance validation
A quantitative voxel-by-voxel validation of BoneMRI was performed on imaging data
from 101 and 103 patients for the pelvic region and lumbar spine region, respectively.
The demographics of the patient population are described in the table below.

                                    Validation data demographics

 Anatomy                                  Pelvic region                Lumbar spine region
 Number of patients                  101                       103
  Indications                                    Sacroiliitis, developmental hip   Sacroiliitis, degenerative spine
                                           dysplasia, avascular necrosis   diseases, spondylolisthesis,
                                              of femoral head and femoral    radiculopathy, spondylosis and
                                          acetabular impingement.       spinal fractures.
 Gender                               Male: 73                     Male: 49
                                      Female: 28                  Female: 54
 Age                              52 ± 21 years               55 ± 15 years
  Data origin/Ethnicity               USA, Europe, Asia          USA, Europe, Asia

Special 510(k) Notification
The imaging data consist of the BoneMRI and CT images from the same patient in the
same anatomical region, acquired during previously conducted clinical investigations.
The validations were conducted by MRIguidance based on an algorithm to detect bone
images from MRIs obtained using a specific sequence.
Training and test datasets were selected and maintained to be appropriately
independent of one another. All training and validation activities were recorded to
ensure independence. In addition, validation was performed on data from independent
sites (cross-site validation) to ensure that validation was performed on data from
centers that did not provide training data.
The objective was to validate the quantitative accuracy of BoneMRI for the pelvic region
and lumbar spine region using rigorous, objective, and unbiased statistical tests
comparing bone morphology, radiodensity, and radiodensity contrast in BoneMRI and
CT images. Therefore, the endpoints of this testing were the metrics that described the
accuracy of 3D bone morphology, radiodensity, and radiodensity contrast versus coregistered CT scans in terms of voxel-by-voxel HUs and standard deviations around
these HU values.
The results from the validation testing were compared to the accuracy acceptance
criteria, specified below, and were found to fall within the pre-specified acceptance
criteria (p<0.05).
The results demonstrate clinically acceptable accuracy on each of these endpoints.
The data provided demonstrate that BoneMRI application can
       o  accurately reconstruct the 3D bone morphology with a mean absolute
               cortical delineation error below 1.0 mm on average;
       o  accurately reconstructs the tissue radiodensity, with a mean deviation
           below 25 HU on average and a mean deviation below 55 HU specifically
               for bone;
       o  accurately reconstructs the tissue radiodensity contrast, with a mean HU
              correlation coefficient above 0.75 specifically for bone.


CONCLUSION: BoneMRI demonstrates accurate bone morphology, radiodensity, and
radiodensity contrast. Thus, BoneMRI is a useful tool to qualitatively and quantitatively
assess the pelvic region and the lumbar spine region.

Special 510(k) Notification
5.12 Conclusions:
The BoneMRI application, based on the indications for use, product performance, and
clinical information provided in this notification, have been shown to be substantially
equivalent to the currently marketed predicate device, its predecessor, BoneMRI v1.4.
The two devices have the same technological characteristics: both algorithms use the
same image-based reconstruction, and both methods have optimized parameters to
ensure the robustness of the algorithm. This Special 510(k) submission includes
information on the BoneMRI technological characteristics, as well as performance data
and verification and validation activities demonstrating that BoneMRI is as safe and
effective as the predicate and does not raise different questions of safety or
effectiveness.