June 20, 2023
GE Medical Systems Ultrasound & Primary Care Diagnostic, LLC
℅ Bryan Behn
Regulatory Affairs Director
9900 Innovation Dr.
WAUWATOSA WI 53226


Re: K230346
    Trade/Device Name: Voluson SWIFT; Voluson SWIFT+
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1550
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic pulsed doppler imaging system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: IYN, IYO, ITX
    Dated: May 16, 2023
    Received: May 16, 2023

Dear Bryan Behn:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K230346 - Bryan Behn                                                                Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                 Yanna S. Kang -S
                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

GE Healthcare
                                           510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


              DEPARTIMENT OF HEALTI-I ANO HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OM B No. 0910-0120
                          Food and Drug Administration                                 Expiration Date: 0613012D23
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Num ber (if known)
  K230346
Device Name
VolusonSWIFT, VolusonSWIFT+


Indications for Use (Desclibe)
The Voluson SW[Ff, Voluson SWIFT+ is a general-putpose diagnostic ultrasound system intended for use by qualified
and trained healthcare professionals that are legally authorized or licemed by law in the country, state or other local
mllnicipalily in which he or she practices for ultrasound imaging, measurement, display and analysis of the human body
and fluid. The users may or may not be working under supeiv:ision or authority of a physician. Voluson S\\llFT, Voluson
SWIFT+ clinical applications include: FetaVObste1rics; Abdominal (including renal and GYN/Pelvic); Pedia1ric; Small
Organ (Breast. Testes, Th)'IOid, etc.); Neonatal Cephalic; Adult Cephalic; Cardiac {Adult and Pediatric); Peripheral
Vascular (PV); Musculo-skeletal Conventional and Superlici~ Transrectal(including Urology/Prostate) (TR);
Transvaginat (TV).
Mode of operation include: B, M , AMM (Anatomical M-M ode), PW Doppler, CV-.' Doppler, Col or Doppler, Col.or M
Doppler, Power Doppler, HD-Flow (High Definition-Flow), Hannonic Imaging, Coded Pulse, 3D/4D Imaging mode,
Elastography, B-Flow and Combined modes: B.liM, Bf Color, BfPWD, B/Power/PWD. The Voluson SWIFT f Voluson
S\VIFT+ are intended to be used in a hospital ,or medical clinic.


Type of Use (Select one or both, .u applic.ible)'
               2sJ Prescription Use (Part 21 C FR 80 I Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (2 1 CFR BIU Subpart C )

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPA.RATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                       This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwor1< Reduction Act of 1995.
                           · DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLIElEO FORM TO T HE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.•
        The burden time for this collection of infonnation is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to ,review instructions, search -existing data sources, gather and malntaln the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding fhis burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                      Department of IHeallh and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief lnfom1ation Officer
                                          Paperwor1< Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                      PRAStaff@fdahhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, ands person is not required to respond to, 11 collection of
                                  informs/ion unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number.•

FORM FDA 3881 (61201                             Page 1 of 1                                                                P.IC ....... ~       ll40oQID   Er


                                                                         Main - 21

GE Healthcare
                                             510(k) Premarket Notification Submission               K230346


                                   510(k) Summary

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the following summary of information is provided:
                     Date:  February, 8th, 2023
                Submitter: GE Medical Systems Ultrasound and Primary care Diagnostics, LLC
                        9900 Innovation Dr
                         Wauwatosa, WI 53226

            Manufacturer: GE Ultrasound Korea, Ltd.
                                9, Sunhwan-ro 214beon-gil, Jungwon-gu,
                          Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, Republic of Korea

   Primary Contact Person:  Bryan Behn
                           Regulatory Affairs Director
                  GE Healthcare
                         T:+1 262-247-5502
  Alternate Contact Person:  Karim Amrouche
                            Senior Regulatory Affairs Manager
                  GE Healthcare
                           T: +33620783855

    Device  Trade Name:  Voluson SWIFT, Voluson SWIFT+
    Common/Usual Name:  Diagnostic Ultrasound System
      Classification Names:  Class II
            Product Code:  IYN (primary), IYO, ITX (secondary)
                             Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System. 21CFR 892.1550, 90-IYN;
                             Ultrasonic Pulsed Echo Imaging System, 21CFR 892.1560, 90-IYO;
                            Diagnostic Ultrasound Transducer, 21 CFR 892.1570, 90-ITX

 Primary Predicate Device:  K201828 Voluson SWIFT, Voluson SWIFT+ Diagnostic Ultrasound
                         System
      Reference Device(s):  K210438 Versana Premier Diagnostic Ultrasound System
                       K220358 Voluson E Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
                       K213642 Voluson S Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

                       The subject device is a Track 3 device, primarily intended for general-       Device Description:
                           purpose radiology evaluation and specialized for OB/GYN with particular
                               features for real-time 3D/4D acquisition. The Voluson SWIFT, Voluson
                    SWIFT+ provide digital acquisition, processing and display capability.
                         Voluson SWIFT, Voluson SWIFT+ consist of a mobile console with
                              control panel, full touch monitor, optional image storage and printing
                              devices. It provides high-performance ultrasound imaging and analysis
                         and have comprehensive networking and DICOM capability. It utilizes a
                               variety of linear, curved linear, matrix phased array transducer including

                                                                            Main - 23

GE Healthcare
                                          510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


                        mechanical and electronic scanning transducers which provide accurate
                           real-time three-dimensional imaging supporting all standard acquisition
                       modes.

                     The Voluson SWIFT, Voluson SWIFT+ is a general-purpose diagnostic          Intended Use:
                          ultrasound system intended for use by qualified and trained healthcare
                           professionals that are legally authorized or licensed by law in the country,
                             state or other local municipality in which he or she practices for
                          ultrasound imaging, measurement, display and analysis of the human
                      body and fluid. The users may or may not be working under supervision
                          or authority of a physician. Voluson SWIFT, Voluson SWIFT+ clinical
                           applications include: Fetal/Obstetrics; Abdominal (including renal and
                       GYN/Pelvic); Pediatric; Small Organ (Breast, Testes, Thyroid, etc.);
                        Neonatal Cephalic; Adult Cephalic; Cardiac (Adult and Pediatric);
                          Peripheral Vascular (PV); Musculo-skeletal Conventional and Superficial;
                          Transrectal(including Urology/Prostate) (TR); Transvaginal (TV).
                   Mode of operation include: B, M, AMM (Anatomical M-Mode), PW
                         Doppler, CW Doppler, Color Doppler, Color M Doppler, Power Doppler,
                    HD-Flow (High Definition-Flow), Harmonic Imaging, Coded Pulse,
                    3D/4D Imaging mode, Elastography, B-Flow and Combined modes: B/M,
                         B/Color, B/PWD, B/Power/PWD. The Voluson SWIFT / Voluson™
                  SWIFT+ are intended to be used in a hospital or medical clinic.


           Technology:  The Voluson™ SWIFT, Voluson™ SWIFT+ employs the same
                        fundamental scientific technology as its predicate device(s).
       Determination of  Comparison to Predicates

Substantial Equivalence:  The proposed Voluson SWIFT, Voluson SWIFT+ is a new platform
                            substantially equivalent to the predicate devices. The following is an
                       overview of the differences between the Voluson SWIFT, Voluson
                  SWIFT+ and the predicate Voluson SWIFT, Voluson SWIFT+
                       (K201828).

                           •  The systems are all intended for diagnostic ultrasound imaging and
                                    fluid flow analysis.
                           •  The Voluson SWIFT, Voluson SWIFT+ and predicate Voluson
                         SWIFT, Voluson SWIFT+ have the same clinical intended use.
                           •  The Voluson SWIFT, Voluson SWIFT+ and predicate Voluson
                         SWIFT, Voluson SWIFT+ have the similar imaging modes with
                                  the exception that the proposed Voluson SWIFT, Voluson

                                                                         Main - 24

GE Healthcare
               510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


   SWIFT+ does not include the attenuation imaging mode.
•  The systems are manufactured with materials which have been
    evaluated and found to be safe for the intended use of the device.
•  The systems have acoustic power levels which are below the
    applicable FDA limits.
•  The proposed Voluson SWIFT, Voluson SWIFT+ and predicate
   Voluson SWIFT, Voluson SWIFT+ systems have similar
    capability in terms of performing measurements, capturing digital
   images, reviewing, and reporting studies.
•  The proposed Voluson SWIFT, Voluson SWIFT+ and predicate
   Voluson SWIFT, Voluson SWIFT+ systems have been designed in
   compliance with approved electrical and physical safety standards.
•  The probes supported in the proposed Voluson SWIFT, Voluson
   SWIFT+ and predicate Voluson SWIFT, Voluson SWIFT+ are
    identical except:
     - The addition of a new transducer 9L-RS (already cleared on
    predicate Versana Premier K210438).
     - The addition of a new transducer 12S-RS (already cleared on
    predicate Versana Premier K210438).
     - The absence of the E8C-RS transducer on the proposed Voluson
   SWIFT, Voluson SWIFT+

•  The following software features have been added compared to the
    predicate Voluson SWIFT, Voluson SWIFT+ (K201828) :
   Shadow Reduction Button, Autolive, RadiantFlow, Volume
   with color, SpineTrace, Fractional Limb Volume, Timer for
   BPP, Fetal Heart Support, SonoPelvicFloor, Auto-Caliper,
   Reminders, SW Download, AVURI

•  The following software features have been migrated from Voluson
  E series (K220358): Shadow Reduction, Fetal Heart Support,
   SonoPelvicFloor, SW download, AVURI

•  The following software features have been migrated from Voluson
   S Series (K213642) : Radiantflow, Volume with color,
   Fractional Limb Volume.

•  The proposed Voluson SWIFT, Voluson SWIFT+ adds the
   following new features: Autolive, Spine Trace, Time for BPP
   (Biophysical Profile), Auto-Caliper, reminders.


                                            Main - 25

GE Healthcare
                  510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


Summary of Non-Clinical Tests:
The device has been evaluated for acoustic output, biocompatibility,
cleaning, and disinfection effectiveness as well as thermal, electrical,
electromagnetic and mechanical safety, and has been found to conform
with applicable medical device safety standards. The Voluson SWIFT,
Voluson SWIFT+ complies with voluntary standards:

   •  AAMI/ANSI ES60601-1, Medical Electrical Equipment – Part 1:
       General Requirements for Safety, 2005/(R)2012 And A1:2012
   •  IEC 60601-1-2 Medical Electrical Equipment – Part 1-2: General
      Requirements for Basic Safety and Essential Performance –
        Collateral Standard: Electromagnetic Disturbance - Requirements
      and Tests, Edition 4.0, 2014
   •  IEC 60601-2-37, Medical Electrical Equipment – Part 2-37:
        Particular Requirements for the Safety of Ultrasonic Medical
       Diagnostic and Monitoring Equipment, Edition 2.1, 2015
   •  ISO 10993-1, Biological Evaluation of Medical Devices-Part 1:
       Evaluation and Testing Within A Risk Management Process,
       Fourth edition, 2009
   •  ISO 14971, Application of risk management to medical devices,
      2007
   • NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20, Digital Imaging and Communications in
      Medicine (DICOM) Set. (Radiology), 2016
   •  IEC 62359, Ultrasonics - Field characterization - Test methods for
       the determination of thermal and mechanical indices related to
       medical diagnostic ultrasonic fields, Edition 2.1, 2017

The following quality assurance measures are applied to the development
of the system:
   •  Risk Analysis
   •  Requirements Reviews
   •  Design Reviews
   •  Testing on unit level (Module verification)
   •   Integration testing (System verification)
   •  Performance testing (Verification)
   •  Safety testing (Verification)

Transducer materials and other patient contact materials are
biocompatible.


                                                Main - 26

GE Healthcare
                  510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


Summary of Clinical Tests:
The subject of this premarket submission, Voluson SWIFT, Voluson
SWIFT+, did not require clinical studies to support substantial
equivalence.

AI Verification Summary

Auto-Caliper:
Summary test statistics or other test results including acceptance criteria
or other information supporting the appropriateness of the characterized
performance.
   •  Data used for both training and validation has been collected
       across multiple geographical sites using different systems and
       probe configuration to represent the variations in target
       population.
   •  The verification for the Auto-Caliper AI feature for 2D caliper
       placement is performed by clinical experts following a specific
       protocol :
   •   Visualization of the follicles on slices parallel to the A plane of
        acquisition from the datasets
   •  Click on the follicle on a slice in which the given follicle is
       expected to be the largest.
   •  The steps are repeated for all follicles in each volume.
   •  The output of the caliper placement on the follicles on the plane in
      which the clinician clicked.
   •  The outputs are evaluated by the clinical expert and the assessment
         is documented as Pass/No result/Fail
   •  The success rate of the AI feature is 70% or higher

Data Collection and Distribution:
   •  Total Datasets: 67
   •   Total follicles count across all volumes : 410
   •  Country: Germany, India, Spain, United Kingdom, USA
Quantitative evaluation:
   •  Values were obtained from the test pool consisting of 67 volumes,
      2 follicles evaluated per volume for a total of 134 follicles.
   •  Mixture of small and large diameter follicles were selected for the
       evaluation


                                                Main - 27

GE Healthcare
                  510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


   •  The deviation of the measurements predicted by the Auto-Caliper
        tool from the manual measurements were calculated to obtain the
       accuracy of the feature.
Demographic distribution, gender, age and ethnicity :
   •  Data acquired from women examined in regular clinical practice
       In compliance with privacy health information.
   •  Data acquired from 6 countries and five systems to ensure
        sufficient diversity.
Information about clinical subgroups and confounders :
   •  Data collected from multiple system configurations and different
       probes from multiples geographical sites.
   •  The acquired datasets have a variation in shapes and size of the
        follicles having diameters ranging from 2mm to 25 mm.
   •  Data acquired from 6 countries and five systems to ensure
        sufficient diversity.
Equipments and protocols :
   •  Data is provided by external clinical partners who de-identified the
        data.
   •   Original data is collected in the form of 3D volumes to preserve
       the flexibility to re-process data retrospectively during scan
       conversion.
   • A total of 223 volumes were used for training having the
       following distributions
         -       Distribution by Systems: Voluson E8 (20), Voluson E10
       (105), Voluson P8 (29), Voluson S10 (48), Voluson S8 (21)
         -       Distribution by Probes: RIC5-9A-RS (98), RIC5-9-D
       (123), RIC6-12-D (2)
         -       Distribution by Countries: India (62), Germany (29),
       United Kingdom (29), Spain (103).

Information about the reference standard and dataset (“truthing process”):
   •  Datasets contained in the collections for training and verification
       are mutually exclusive and stem from a mutually exclusive list of
        patients.
   •  Data has been collected from patients from regular clinical
        practice from multiple sites thereby capturing the actual
       representative population. There is no explicit bias/preference
       enforced during the collection process.


                                                Main - 28

GE Healthcare
                               510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


                •  To ensure correct and reliable “truthing” process of the training, a
                     curation protocol has been developed by clinical experts to be
                    followed by curators, in addition, during and after the data
                     curation process, a senior sonographer reviewed a random subset
                     of the curated dataset for clinical accuracy.


Conclusion: GE Healthcare considers the Voluson SWIFT, Voluson SWIFT+ to be as
               safe, as effective, and performance is substantially equivalent to the
              predicate device(s).


                                                             Main - 29