June 29, 2023
EarliTec Diagnostics, Inc
℅ Sew-Wah Tay, Ph.D.
Regulatory Consultant
Libra Medical Inc
8401 73rd Ave N, Suite 63
Brooklyn Park, Minnesota 55428


Re: K230337
    Trade/Device Name:  EarliPoint
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.1491
    Regulation Name: Pediatric Autism Spectrum Disorder Diagnosis Aid
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QPF
    Dated: May 31, 2023
    Received: June 1, 2023

Dear Sew-Wah Tay:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K230337 - Sew-Wah Tay                                                              Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                    Patrick Antkowiak -S
                                                  for
                                            Jay Gupta
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT5A: Division of Neurosurgical,
                                                Neurointerventional
                                           and Neurodiagnostic Devices
                                  OHT5: Office of Neurological
                                           and Physical Medicine Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2020
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)


Device Name
EarliPoint System


Indications for Use (Describe)
The EarliPoint System is indicated for use in specialized developmental disabilities centers as a tool to aid clinicians in the
diagnosis and assessment of ASD patients ages 16 months through 30 months


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (7/17)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(K) SUMMARY

1  ADMINISTRATIVE INFORMATION


 510(k) Submission Type:        Traditional 510(k)
 Device Type (Common         Pediatric Autism Spectrum Disorder Diagnostic Tool
 Name):
 Device Classification Name     Pediatric Autism Spectrum Disorder Diagnostic Aid
 Device Trade Name             EarliPoint System
 Predicate Device Name         EarliPoint System (K213882)
 510(k) Submitter:           Thomas Ressemann, CEO
                                EarliTec Diagnostics, Inc.
                           755 Commerce Drive, Suite 700
                                Decatur, GA 30030
                              Tel:+1-320-267-7266
                               Email: tressemann@earlitecdx.com

 Primary Correspondent:      Sew-Wah Tay
                               Regulatory Consultant
                               Libra Medical, Inc.
                                   Tel: 612-801-6782
                               Email: swtay@libramed.com
 Classification Regulation:     21 CFR 882.1491
 Class:                                II
 Panel:                      Neurology Devices Panel
 Product Code:            QPF


2  510(K) TYPE AND REASON FOR SUBMISSION
This 510(k) is submitted as a traditional 510(k) to obtain marketing clearance for the modified
EarliPoint System, a modification to the form factor of the device to improve usability and
portability.

3  INTENDED USE

The EarliPoint System is intended for use by healthcare providers to objectively diagnose and assess
children for ASD using software algorithm to analyze a child’s response to an external stimulus in the
form of videos.

4  INDICATION FOR USE

The EarliPoint System is indicated for use in specialized developmental disabilities centers as a tool to aid
clinicians in the diagnosis and assessment of ASD patients ages 16 months through 30 months.

5  PREDICATE DEVICE
The predicate device is the EarliPoint System cleared under 510(k) K213882. Both devices have
the same intended use as an aid to diagnose and assess the presence of autism spectrum disorders
(ASD) using a proprietary algorithm based on the looking behavior of the patient.

6  DEVICE DESCRIPTION
The device is a more compact version of the predicate device but otherwise has similar functions
and features. The system uses an eye tracker to capture the patient’s looking behavior while
viewing a series of videos. The system then remotely analyzes the looking behavior data using
software and outputs a diagnosis of the patient’s ASD status and assesses the symptoms
associated with ASD.

The system has two modules:

EarliPoint System consists of the following:
     -   Eye-tracking module and a separate Operator Module that can control the Eye-tracking module
         remotely. The patient sits on a chair and the Eye-tracking module is adjusted by the operator
        such that the patient’s eyes are within the specification of the eye tracking window
     -   Eye-tracking module captures the patient visual response to social information provided
        in the form of a series of age-appropriate videos
     -   Operator’s module is used to initiate and monitors the session remotely
     -   WebPortal securely stores all patient information, analyzes the eye tracking data, and
        outputs the results. Users can retrieve the results directly from the web-portal.
     -   Artificial intelligence software analyzes the eye-tracking data and provides a diagnosis
        for ASD. In addition, it also outputs 3 indices (called EarliPoint Severity Indices) that
       proxy the ADOS-2 and Mullen validated ASD instruments
        o  Social Disability Index correlates and proxies ADOS-2
        o  Verbal Ability Index correlates and proxies the age equivalent Mullen Verbal
               Ability score
        o  Non-verbal Ability Index correlates and proxies the age equivalent non-verbal
             Mullen Ability score

The eye-tracker used in the EarliPoint device has similar capability as the eye tracker used in the
predicate device.

      Description               EarliPoint Eye Tracking Specifications
  Wavelength                             Near-Infrared Spectrum

  Intensity               Conforms to safety limit for continue use per IEC/EN
                                           62471
                                (Photobiological safety of lamps/lamp system)
  Light source                              IR LED
  Duration of                             ~15 minutes
  Use/Exposure

Description               EarliPoint Eye Tracking Specifications
  Accuracy/Precision                                0.5°
  for intended use
  (gaze position)
  Recording                      2D Eye Movements
  Measurement

  Video Hardware                          Video Camera

  Mounting Hardware               Remote eye-tracking system
                                             (Display Screen)

  Processor Hardware                       Personal computer

  Sampling Rate                             120 Hz


6.1  PERFORMANCE TESTING
The basis of the substantial equivalence between the device and its predicate is the bench
performance tests. Both devices meet the electrical safety standards and both software were
designed and tested per IEC 62304.

To ensure that the device is substantially equivalent, the new eye tracker is verified to meet the
predicate eye tracker requirement specifications for the device. In addition, the performance of
the eye trackers used in the predicate device and the current device were compared directly using
adult participants for identifications of blinks, saccades, non-missing samples, and fixation
accuracy. The eye-tracker tests demonstrated that both the new eye tracker and the predicate eye
tracker meet the requirements for the eye tracker. Hence the two eye trackers are functionally
equivalent and interchangeable.

The second performance test is to ensure that the analysis algorithm is equivalent and will output
the same results as the original analysis algorithm. To demonstrate the equivalency of the
software, the collected session data from the pivotal clinical study were processed through the current
software. Each ASD diagnoses and Indices of Social Disability, Verbal Ability, and Nonverbal Ability
provided by predicate and the current device were compared and found to be the same,
demonstrating the equivalency of the current device’s data analysis software to the predicate data
analysis software.


6.2  MECHANICAL/ELECTRICAL SAFETY AND ELECTROMAGNETIC COMPATIBILITY
    (EMC)
Mechanical/electrical safety and EMC testing were conducted on the EarliPoint device
consisting of the patient console and the operator console for patient behavioral tracking. The
EarliPoint device is classified as Class I for protection against electric shock with Type B

applied part and is intended for continuous mode of operation. Compliance testing shows that
the EarliPoint device complies with all the applicable tests of IEC 60601-1 standard for
mechanical/electrical safety and the IEC 60601-1-2 standard for EMC.

6.3  SOFTWARE VERIFICATION AND VALIDATION TESTING
Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provided
as recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content
of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The software for this
device was considered as a “minor” level of concern as a failure or latent flaw in the software is
unlikely to result in injury.

6.4  CLINICAL STUDIES
The safety and effectiveness of the EarliPoint System in collecting eye tracking data and
analyzing the data for the diagnosing the presence of ASD was evaluated in a pivotal study
where patients were diagnosed by the device as well and expert clinicians (reference
standard).

The pivotal study was a prospective, double-blind, multi-center, within-subject comparison
where 500 patients from six sites in the United States were enrolled, of which 475 were
evaluable for primary and secondary endpoint analysis and 25 patients had missing data of the
device or the control diagnosis (standard of care).

All patients were evaluated for ASD by both the EarliPoint system and by expert clinician
diagnosis (current best practice for diagnosis of ASD) to evaluate the sensitivity and specificity
of the EarliPoint System diagnosis relative to the expert clinical diagnosis. The study also
correlated the three EarliPoint Severity Indices of social disability, verbal ability and nonverbal
ability against the corresponding expert clinical instruments of ADOS-2 and Mullen.

The pivotal study showed that the EarliPoint device was safe and effective in the diagnosis of
ASD in children. There was no reported serious adverse event related to the use of the EarliPoint
system.

                                          Sensitivity                 Specificity
          Population            Mean (n/N)           Mean (n/N)
                          95% CI            95% CI
        EarliPoint (mITD)         71% (157/221)          80.7% (205/254)
          N=475               64.6% - 76.9%           75.3% - 85.4%
       EarliPoint CertainDx
     (Clinicians are Certain of       78.0% (117/150)         85.4% (158/185)
         Diagnosis only)             70.5%, 84.3%           79.5% - 90.2%
          N=335

7  SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENT COMPARISON

 Device             EarliPoint System                   Updated EarliPoint System
 Characteristic    K213882                            Candidate Device
 Intended Use      The EarliPoint System is intended for use  The EarliPoint System is intended for use
                  by healthcare providers to objectively     by healthcare providers to objectively
                    diagnose and assess children for ASD      diagnose and assess children for ASD
                     using software algorithm to analyze a      using software algorithm to analyze a
                        child’s response to an external stimulus in   child’s response to an external stimulus in
                      the form of videos.                         the form of videos.
 Indications for     The EarliPoint System is indicated for     The EarliPoint System is indicated for
 Use                use in specialized developmental          use in specialized developmental
                         disabilities centers as a tool to aid            disabilities centers as a tool to aid
                        clinicians in the diagnosis and assessment   clinicians in the diagnosis and assessment
                      of ASD patients ages 16 months through    of ASD patients ages 16 months through
                  30 months.                           30 months.
 Prescription Use    Yes                                  Yes
 Product Code and  QPF                          QPF
 Regulation         882.1491                              882.1491
 Number
 Device              Patient console with eye-tracking           Similar components as EarliPoint System
 Components        technology for data collection and         with a smaller device form factor. Patient
                     software analysis for diagnosis of ASD.    and Operator screens are separate
                   Both patient and Operator screens are      computer devices connected indirectly
                      controlled by the same computer.          through the web-portal
 ASD Diagnosis    Use software algorithm to analyze the eye  No change. Same software algorithm
                      tracking data for ASD diagnosis ad
                    assessment
 Electrical Safety    Meets electrical safety standards per:      Meets electrical safety standards per:
 Testing              •  IEC 60601-                       •  IEC 60601-
                        1:2005/AMD1:2012/AMD2:2020        1:2005/AMD1:2012/AMD2:2020
                     •  IEC 60601-1-                    •  IEC 60601-1-
                      2:2014/AMD1:2020                2:2014/AMD1:2020

 Software           Compliant to ISO 62304                 Compliant to ISO 62304
 Clinical data         Pivotal data shows safety and             Data Analysis software is verified so that
                       effectiveness. Data is analyzed using the   the output is the same as the predicate
                   Data Analysis module.                     device.
 Risk level of the   Low risk device, non-invasive         Low risk device, non-invasive
 device


7.1  CONCLUSION
Both devices have the same intended use and the same indication for use. The technological
differences between the two devices are minor and verified via bench testing to be equivalent.
The conclusions drawn from the nonclinical demonstrate that the device is as safe, as effective,
and performs as well as the legally marketed device. Hence, the subject device is substantially
equivalent to the predicate device.