October 3, 2023
Imagen Technologies, Inc
℅ Rebecca Jones
Director, Clinical Research
594 Broadway, Suite 701
NEW YORK, NY 10012

Re: K230085
    Trade/Device Name: Lung-CAD
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2070
    Regulation Name: Medical image analyzer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MYN
    Dated: September 4, 2023
    Received: September 5, 2023

Dear Rebecca Jones:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a

K230085 - Rebecca Jones                                                              Page 2


change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                    Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K230085

Device Name
Lung-CAD


Indications for Use (Describe)
Lung-CAD is a computer-assisted detection (CADe) software device that analyzes chest radiograph studies for lung
hyperinflation. The device uses a deep learning algorithm to identify regions of interest (ROIs) with lung hyperinflation
and produces boxes around the ROIs.

Lung-CAD is intended for use as a concurrent reading aid for physicians interpreting chest X-rays. The device is not
intended for clinical diagnosis of any disease. It does not replace the role of the physician or of other diagnostic testing in
the standard of care for lung parenchymal findings. Lung-CAD is indicated for adults only.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K230085

510(k) Summary                                                            Page 1 of 8


In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87(h) (and 21 CFR 807.92) the 510(k) Summary for Lung-CAD
is provided below.

1.      SUBMITTER

Applicant:                Imagen Technologies, Inc.
                         224 W 35th St Ste 500
                    New York, NY 10001

Contact and Primary        Rebecca Jones, Ph.D.
Correspondent:             VP, Clinical Research
                        Head of Regulatory

                         Imagen Technologies, Inc.
                         224 W 35th St Ste 500
                    New York, NY 10001
                           917-565-9319
                            rebecca.jones@imagen.ai

Secondary Correspondent:    Alex J. Cadotte, Ph.D.
                             Senior Director, Digital Health & Imaging

                 MCRA
                         803 7th Street, NW, 3rd Floor
                            Washington, DC 20001
                           202-742-3828
                          acadotte@mcra.com

Date Prepared:             September 22, 2023


2.      DEVICE


Device Trade Name:       Lung-CAD

Device Common Name or   Medical Image Analyzer
Classification Name:

Regulation:               21 CFR 892.2070

Regulatory Class:               II

Product Code:        MYN

510(k) Summary                                                            Page 2 of 8

3.      PREDICATE DEVICE
Imagen Technologies’ Chest-CAD has been identified as the predicate device for Lung-CAD.

4.      DEVICE DESCRIPTION
Lung-CAD is computer-assisted detection (CADe) software designed to increase the accurate
detection of lung hyperinflation. Lung-CAD’s output is available for physicians interpreting
chest radiographs as a concurrent reading aid. The device helps physicians more effectively
identify lung hyperinflation. Lung-CAD does not replace the role of the physician or of other
diagnostic testing in the standard of care and does not provide a diagnosis for any disease.
Lung-CAD uses modern deep learning and computer vision techniques to analyze chest
radiographs.
For each image within a study, Lung-CAD generates a DICOM Presentation State file (output
overlay). If any region of interest (ROI) is detected by Lung-CAD in the study, the output
overlay for each image includes “Lung hyperinflation”. In addition, if ROI(s) are detected in an
image, bounding boxes surrounding each detected ROI are included in the output overlay for that
image and are labeled with the radiographic findings: “Lung hyperinflation”. If no ROI is
detected by Lung-CAD in the study, the output overlay for each image will include the text “No
Lung-CAD ROI(s)” and no bounding boxes will be included. Regardless of whether an ROI is
detected, the overlay includes text identifying the X-ray study as analyzed by Lung-CAD and a
customer configurable message containing a link or instructions, for users, to access labeling
documents. The Lung-CAD overlay can be toggled on or off by the physician within their
Picture Archiving and Communication System (PACS) viewer, allowing for concurrent review of
the X-ray study.

5.      INTENDED USE/INDICATIONS FOR USE
Lung-CAD is a computer-assisted detection (CADe) software device that analyzes chest
radiograph studies for lung hyperinflation. The device uses a deep learning algorithm to identify
regions of interest (ROIs) with lung hyperinflation and produces boxes around the ROIs.
Lung-CAD is intended for use as a concurrent reading aid for physicians interpreting chest
X-rays. The device is not intended for clinical diagnosis of any disease. It does not replace the
role of the physician or of other diagnostic testing in the standard of care for lung parenchymal
findings. Lung-CAD is indicated for adults only.

510(k) Summary                                                            Page 3 of 8

6.      SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE

Comparison of Indications
The predicate device for Lung-CAD is Chest-CAD (K210666). Chest-CAD has the following
FDA-cleared Indications for Use:
   Chest-CAD is a computer-assisted detection (CADe) software device that analyzes chest
   radiograph studies using machine learning techniques to identify, categorize, and highlight
    suspicious regions of interest (ROI). Any suspicious ROI identified by Chest-CAD is assigned
    to one of the following categories: Cardiac, Mediastinum/Hila, Lungs, Pleura, Bones, Soft
    Tissues, Hardware, or Other. The device is intended for use as a concurrent reading aid for
    physicians. Chest-CAD is indicated for adults only.
Chest-CAD and Lung-CAD both analyze chest radiographs and both detect ROIs in the chest.
Both devices identify and categorize ROIs. Chest-CAD and Lung-CAD are indicated for use as a
concurrent reading aid. Both devices are intended as an aid to the physician and not intended to
replace the role of the physician or of other diagnostic testing in the standard of care. The
differences in Indications for Use do not constitute a new intended use, as both devices are
intended to assist physicians by identifying and marking ROIs in chest radiographs.

Technological Comparisons
Table 1 provides a comparison of the Technological Characteristics of Lung-CAD to the
predicate Chest-CAD.


Table 1:       Technological Comparison

                           Proposed Device                 Predicate

 Number                  K230085                     K210666

 Applicant                 Imagen Technologies, Inc.         Imagen Technologies, Inc.

 Device Name             Lung-CAD                    Chest-CAD

 Classification Regulation     892.2070                        892.2070

 Product Code         MYN                MYN

 Image Modality             X-ray                           X-ray

 Study Type                  Chest                            Chest

510(k) Summary                                                            Page 4 of 8


                           Proposed Device                 Predicate

 Clinical Output                Identify and mark regions of         Identify and mark regions of
                                    interest (ROIs) on chest               interest (ROIs) on chest
                               radiographs and label the box       radiographs and label the box
                             around the ROI as lung            around the ROI as one of the
                                 hyperinflation                      following: Cardiac,
                                                                Mediastinum/Hila, Lungs, Pleura,
                                                              Bones, Soft Tissues, Hardware, or
                                                              Other

 Intended Users               Physicians                         Physicians

 Intended User Workflow     Device intended for use as a        Device intended for use as a
                               concurrent reading aid for          concurrent reading aid for
                                physicians interpreting chest        physicians interpreting chest
                               radiographs                        radiographs

 Patient Population           Adults with Chest Radiographs     Adults with Chest Radiographs

 Machine Learning           Supervised Deep Learning         Supervised Deep Learning
 Methodology

 Platform                    Secure cloud-based processing      Secure cloud-based processing
                            and delivery of chest radiographs   and delivery of chest radiographs

 Image Source                  Digital X-ray                        Digital X-ray

 Image Viewing             Image displayed on PACS system   Image displayed on PACS system

 Privacy                HIPAA Compliant             HIPAA Compliant

As outlined in the table above, Lung-CAD’s technological characteristics are similar to those of
Chest-CAD. Lung-CAD differs from Chest-CAD in that Lung-CAD simultaneously identifies
and categorizes ROIs as one category compared to Chest-CAD which simultaneously identifies
and categorizes ROIs as one of eight categories. The fundamental purpose of both devices is to
identify ROIs on chest X-rays for further consideration by the physicians, and the differences in
technological characteristics do not raise different concerns of safety and effectiveness.

7.     PERFORMANCE DATA

Biocompatibility Testing
There are no direct or indirect patient-contacting components of the subject device. Therefore,
patient contact information is not needed for this device.

Electrical Safety and Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC)
The subject device is a software-only device. Therefore, electrical safety and EMC testing was
not necessary to establish the substantial equivalence of this device.

510(k) Summary                                                            Page 5 of 8

Software Verification and Validation Testing
Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provided as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The software level of
concern for Lung-CAD is Moderate since a malfunction of, or a latent design flaw in, the
software device may lead to an erroneous diagnosis or a delay in delivery of appropriate medical
care that would likely lead to Minor Injury.

Bench Testing
Imagen conducted a standalone performance assessment on 5,000 chest radiograph cases
representative of the intended use population. The results of the standalone testing demonstrated
that Lung-CAD detects ROIs with high sensitivity (0.898; 95% Wilson’s Confidence Interval:
0.856, 0.929), high specificity (0.894; 95% Wilson’s Confidence Interval: 0.885, 0.902), and
high Area Under the Curve (AUC) of the Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve (0.964,
95% Bootstrap Confidence Interval: 0.956, 0.972) as shown in Figure 1, Table 2, and Table 3.
The Free-Response ROC (FROC) curve was also estimated and Figure 2 shows the box-level
sensitivity versus the false positives per image. The FROC curve terminates at the device’s
box-level sensitivity due to the cascaded nature of the Lung-CAD predictions.


Figure 1:      Standalone Results - Lung-CAD ROC Curve

510(k) Summary                                                            Page 6 of 8


Table 2:    AUC of the ROC Curve for Lung-CAD Predictions

                       Ground Truth
 Category                             AUC        95% Bootstrap CI
                               Positive n (%)

 Lung hyperinflation                            266 (5.3)                 0.964                 0.956, 0.972

Abbreviations: AUC = Area Under the Curve; CI = Confidence Interval; ROC = Receiver Operating Characteristic.

Table 3:        Sensitivity, Specificity, Positive Predictive Value, and Negative Predictive for
           Lung-CAD Predictions

                                                                    Positive           Negative
                             Sensitivity         Specificity
                                                             Predictive Value   Predictive Value
  Category
                   95%         95%         95%          95%
                         Wilson's CI       Wilson's CI       Wilson's CI       Wilson's CI


                            0.898             0.894             0.322              0.994
 Lung hyperinflation
                           (0.856, 0.929)      (0.885, 0.902)      (0.289, 0.357)       (0.991, 0.996)

Abbreviations: CI = Confidence Interval.

Figure 2:  Standalone Results - Free-Response ROC (FROC) Curve


Animal Testing
Not applicable. Animal studies are not necessary to establish the substantial equivalence of this
device.

510(k) Summary                                                            Page 7 of 8

Clinical Data
Imagen conducted a fully-crossed multiple reader, multiple case (MRMC) retrospective reader
study to determine the impact of Lung-CAD on reader performance in detecting lung
hyperinflation in chest radiograph cases. The primary objective of this study was to determine
whether the accuracy of readers aided by Lung-CAD (“Aided”) was superior to the accuracy of
readers when unaided by Lung-CAD (“Unaided”) as determined by the case-level Area Under
the Curve (AUC) of the Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve.
Clinical readers each evaluated 244 cases in Lung-CAD’s Indications for Use under both Aided
and Unaided conditions. The MRMC study consisted of two independent reading sessions
separated by a washout period of at least 28 days in order to avoid memory bias.
The accuracy of readers in the intended use population was superior when aided by Lung-CAD
than when unaided by Lung-CAD as calculated by the Dorfman, Berbaum, and Metz (DBM)
modeling approach. The results of the clinical study are shown in Figure 3.


Figure 3:     Reader Study Results - Aided and Unaided ROC Curves for Lung Hyperinflation


In particular, the clinical study results demonstrated improvements when Aided versus Unaided:
  ●  Reader AUC estimates significantly improved (p-value < 0.001).
  ●  Reader AUC improvement for lung hyperinflation was 0.0632 (95% Confidence Interval:
       0.0632, 0.0633).

510(k) Summary                                                            Page 8 of 8

8.      CONCLUSIONS
The conclusions drawn from the standalone and clinical studies demonstrate that Lung-CAD is
as safe, as effective, and performs as well as Chest-CAD. The special controls for the Medical
Image Analyzer (CADe) 21 CFR 892.2070 regulation are satisfied by demonstrating
effectiveness of the device in both the standalone testing and the clinical testing, showing
superiority of Aided versus Unaided reads in the clinical testing, and communicating testing
results in the labeling. Lung-CAD’s technological characteristics, including but not limited to the
intended end-users, imaging modality, output display on X-ray studies, and assistive
functionality during chest radiograph interpretation workflows, are similar to those of
Chest-CAD. The technological differences identified and discussed in §6 do not raise different
concerns of safety and effectiveness. Thus, Lung-CAD is substantially equivalent to Chest-CAD
for the intended use of computer-assisted detection.