Orthofix US LLC
℅ Shant Aghyarian
Regulatory Affairs Program Manager
3451 Plano Parkway
LEWISVILLE TX 75056                                                             September 26, 2023


Re: K230252
    Trade/Device Name: OFIX MIS App
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: January 31, 2023
    Received: August 30, 2023

Dear Shant Aghyarian:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K230252 - Shant Aghyarian                                                            Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                            Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 IK230252
Device Name
 OFIX MIS App

Indications for Use (Describe)
 The OFIX MIS App software assists healthcare professionals in viewing, storing, and
 measuring images as well as planning orthopedic surgeries. The app allows service providers
 to plan surgical procedures by making measurements for the placement of surgical implants.
 Clinical judgement and experience are required to properly use the software.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           ZPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   F Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) SUMMARY
                                 K230252
                               OFIX MIS App


510(k) Owner Information
Name:                       Orthofix US LLC
Address:                3451 Plano Parkway
                                Lewisville, TX, USA

Telephone Number:        214-937-2176
Fax Number:              214-937-3322
Email:                     shantaghyarian@orthofix.com

Registration Number:      2183449

Contact Person:           Shant Aghyarian

Date Prepared:            September 21, 2023

Name of Device
Trade Name / Proprietary
Name:                 OFIX MIS App

Common Name:        OFIX MIS App

Product Code(s):        LLZ

Classification Name:      System, Image Processing, Radiological

Regulatory Class:        Class II per 21 CFR 892.2050


Predicate Devices:      Nemaris Surgimap 2.0, K141669

Device Description
OFIX MIS App

   The OFIX MIS App will provide a novel mobile phone solution to supplement the use of
    calipers when selecting rods used in immobilization and stabilization of pedicle screw type
    spinal systems. The App will rely on capturing 2D images used in spinal implant
    procedures through use of mobile phone camera. The App measures the difference
   between known Orthofix pedicle screw diameters and provides feedback useful in
    determining appropriate rod length with corresponding Orthofix product number.


Indications for Use

   The OFIX MIS App software assists healthcare professionals in viewing, storing, and
   measuring images as well as planning orthopedic surgeries. The App allows service
    providers to plan surgical procedures by including tools for measuring anatomical
   components for placement of surgical implants. Clinical judgment and experience are
    required to properly use the software.


Technological Comparison

   The technological comparison is provided as the Substantial Equivalence table below.

_ “=> HF
OoRTHOFIx | % SeaSpine
Substantial Equivalence Table
fo fe
The Surgimap software assists healthcare professionals | The OFIX MIS App software assists | The OFIX App doesn't measure anatomical
in viewing, storing, and measuring images as wellas | healthcare professionals in viewing, | components but helps measure distances on
planning orthopedic surgeries. The device allows service | storing. and measuring images as well | anatomical components between placed markers
providers to perform generic as well as specialty as planning orthopedic surgeries. The (pedicle screws).
measurements of the images, and to plan surgical app allows service providers to plan
procedures. The device also includes tools for measuring surgical procedures by making The predicate is more involved in overall pre-
‘anatomical components for placement of surgical ‘measurements for the placement of | operative planning. This could be determinant of
implants and offer online synchronization of the database | surgical implants. Clinical judgement | the surgical procedure or approach taken by the
Intended Use /Indications for | with the possibility to share data among Surgimap users. and experience arerequired to _| surgeon. The OFIX MIS App, is a lower risk tool
Use Clinical judgment and experience are required to properly use the software. used to streamline the process of measuring and
properly use the software. ‘choosing the correct rod to be usedin the surgical
procedure. The surgical procedure and approach
would already be decided at this point. Asa.
safeguard the surgeon has access to traditional.
‘means of measurement such as calipers. This is a
check in case the surgeon wants to confirm the
OFIX MIS App’s measurement.
a
processing system
Software Functionalities/ he OFIX MIS App is a simplified software that is
Modalities Generic, Spine, and Lower Limbs Measurements, Pre-op | Templating (vendor specific for templating Orthofix specific implants. It is
Planning. Templating (vendor specific implants and implants), Database -omparable to the predicate in that manner without
custom implants), Database, Case Sharing the additional functionalities that the predicate
offers. The predicate has previously been used by
medical professionals to template Orthofix
implants. After measuring, the OFIX MIS App
ecommends a rod length pulled from its database.
his doesn’t not affect the safety and effectiveness
of the device and the OFIX MIS App is of lower
risk than the predicate.
“Algorithms ‘Osteotomy Module ‘Orthofix Implants Module (Not __| The OFIX MIS App is a simplified software that
machine-learning based) is for templating Orthofix specific implants. The
algorithm used is not machine learning based and|
‘uses information specific to Orthofix implant
systems to analyze the captured image (input) and
recommend the correct implant (outp
‘User Interface ‘Mobile Device (This difference is expanded on more in the 510(k)|
‘Summary in which the OFIX MIS App is
-ompared with the Surgimap 2.0 predicate and thel
‘Nuvaline reference devices. All the devices are
used outside the sterile field and are accessible
ithout impedance (no gloves). Compared the PC}
interface of Monitor/Keyboard/Mouse, The
‘Mobile Device touch screen provides the same
sufficient image handling (moving/zooming in)
needed to perform the steps to measure and
‘template the implant.
Compared to the predicate, as discussed above,
the overall risk is lower for the OFIX MIS App
‘compared to the predicate in terms of its single
functionality. The mobile interface makes it more|
safety and effectiveness of the App is
land this difference does not render the OFIX MIS|
‘Obtaining an image Transferred from other devices Mobile Device Camera (This difference is expanded on more in the 510(k)|
‘Summary in which the OFIX MIS App is
ompared with the Surgimap 2.0 predicate and the|
‘Nuvaline reference devices. The Nuvaline
(K162647) uses a Mobile Device Camera to
obtain the image and predicated against the
‘Surgimap 2.0. The use of a Mobile Device
Camera to obtain the image has been validated to|
demonstrate sufficient input to the OFIX MIS
App to measure and output an accurate implant
length. User validation was performed to ensure
safety and effectiveness. This difference does not
‘render the App not substantially equivalent.
‘Yes NA The OFIX MIS App, is a lower risk tool used to
‘streamline the process of choosing the correct rod|
to be used in the surgical procedure. It processes
pictures of a fluoroscopy monitor acquired by a
cell phone camera_

Non-Clinical Test Conducted for Determination of Substantial Equivalence


  Software Verification and Validation Testing

  Software verification and validation testing were conducted and documentation was provided as
  recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
  Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The testing demonstrated
   that the App meets the required specifications.


  Usability Testing
  The OFIX MIS App demonstrated accuracy and usability with bench top and simulated use
   testing.


Conclusion

  The OFIX MIS App is substantially equivalent to the predicate despite the minor
  technological differences described. The testing data support the safety and effectiveness of
  the OFIX MIS App and demonstrate performance as intended in the specified use
   conditions. This performance is comparable to the predicate's respective software functionality.