April 13, 2023

Ezra AI, Inc.
℅ David Girard
VP of Operations, Quality and Regulatory
419 Park Ave S, Suite 600
New York, NY 10016


Re: K230264
    Trade/Device Name: Ezra Flash
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: April 6, 2023
    Received: April 6, 2023

Dear David Girard:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

2K230264 - David Girard                                                              Page


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K230264

Device Name
Ezra Flash


Indications for Use (Describe)
Ezra Flash is an image processing software used for image enhancement of MR images. It can be used to reduce image
noise in images acquired as part of non-contrast MRI exams on 3-Tesla Siemens and GE scanners for Sagittal T1, Axial
T2 and Axial Flair sequences within the head region for patients > 18 years of age.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K230264


1  510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary is in accordance with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act
(SMDA) of 1990. The content of this 510(k) summary is provided in conformance with 21 CFR
Part 807.92.

1.1  Submitter Information
             Submitter’s Name  Ezra AI, Inc.
                     Address  419 Park Ave S, Suite 600, New York, NY 10016 USA
                   Telephone  +1 (646) 402-5751
              Contact Person  David Girard
 Date of Summary Preparation  January 31st, 2023

1.2  Subject Device Information

                Device Name  Ezra Flash
             Model Number  FLHAI00PL00IF00IT00LB00
           Common Name  Ezra Flash
                    Classification    II
                Review Panel  Radiology
               Product Code  LLZ
                   Regulations  21 CFR 892.2050- System, Image Processing, Radiological

1.3  Predicate Device Information

                Device Name  SubtleMR
              510(k) Number  K203182

2  Device Description

Ezra Flash is a Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) consisting of a software algorithm that
enhances images of the head region taken by MRI scanners. As it only processes images for the
end user, the device has no interface.  It is intended to be used by radiologists in an imaging
center, clinic, or hospital. The software can be used with MR images acquired as part of MRI
exams on 3-Tesla Siemens and GE scanners.

The outputs are images with enhanced image quality. Both the original non-enhanced studies
and the Ezra Flash-enhanced studies are available to the end user.

Ezra Flash receives DICOM-compliant non-contrast MR image inputs acquired on 3-Tesla scanners for Sagittal T1, Axial T2 and Axial Flair sequences within the head region. The software
uses a convolutional neural network-based algorithm to improve image quality by reducing noise.
The device outputs a DICOM-compliant copy of the images with improved image quality.

3  Indications for Use

Ezra Flash is an image processing software used for image enhancement of MR images.  It can
be used to reduce image noise in images acquired as part of non-contrast MRI exams on 3-Tesla
Siemens and GE scanners for Sagittal T1, Axial T2 and Axial Flair sequences within the head
region for patients > 18 years of age.

4  Summary of Technological
    Characteristics Comparison

Table 1 shows that Ezra Flash and the Predicate Device (K203182) are equivalent in technological
characteristics.

                    Table 1: Subject and Predicate Device Comparison.

 Feature            Subject Device                   Predicate Device (K203182)
 Regulation Number  CFR 892.2050                   Same
 Product Code       LLZ                           Same
  Indications for Use    Ezra Flash is an image processing soft-  SubtleMR is an image processing software used for image enhancement of  ware that can be used for image enMR images.  It can be used to reduce  hancement  in MRI images.    It can
                     image noise for non-contrast 3T head  be used to reduce image noise  for
                 MRI scans.                            head, spine, neck, abdomen,  pelvis,
                                                                   prostate, breast and musculoskeletal
                                                     MRI, or increase image sharpness for
                                                        head MRI.
 Physical  Character-   Software package that operates on off-  Same
  istics                   the-shelf hardware
 Computer            Linux Compatible                 Same
 DICOM   Standard  The software processes DICOM com-  Same
 Compliance            pliant image data
 Operating System     Linux                          Same
 Modalities         MRI                           Same
 User Interface       None – enhanced images are viewed  Same
                    on existing PACS workstations

Image Enhancement  Ezra Flash software implements an im-  SubtleMR software implements an imAlgorithm  Descrip-  age enhancement algorithm using a  age enhancement algorithm using contion                   convolutional neural network-based fil-   volutional neural network based filtertering.  Original images are enhanced   ing.   Original images are enhanced
                    by running through a cascade of filter  by running through a cascade of filter
                      banks, where thresholding and scal-   banks, where thresholding and scaling
                       ing operations are applied. These fil-   operations are applied. Separate neuters result in a single machine learn-   ral network based filters are obtained
                       ing model that reduces noise. The pa-   for noise reduction and sharpness inrameters of the filters were obtained   crease.  The parameters of the  filthrough an image-guided optimization   ters were obtained through an imageprocess.                              guided optimization process.
Workflow          The software operates on DICOM files  Same
                   on the file system, enhances the images, and stores the enhanced images
                   on the file system. The receipt of original DICOM image files and delivery of
                    enhanced images as DICOM files depends on other software systems. Enhanced images co-exist with the original images.

5  Performance Testing

The Ezra Flash has been developed in a manner consistent with accepted standards for software
development and evaluated in accordance with design specifications and applicable performance
standards through software verification, validation, and usability testing.

Ezra performed the following main performance testing for Ezra Flash:

   1. Signal-to-Noise Ratio (SNR)

       • SNR of a selected region of interest (ROI) in each test dataset is on average improved
          by ≥5% after Ezra Flash enhancement compared to original MR-acquired images
           (raw).

   2. Contrast-to-Noise Ratio (CNR)

       • CNR of a selected region of interest (ROI) in each test dataset is on average improved
          by > 0% after Ezra Flash enhancement compared to the MR-acquired raw images.

   3. Image Quality - Perceived Noise

       • The mean Likert results for the Ezra Flash-enhanced images compared to the original
          MR-acquired images (raw) is greater than or equal to 0.5 Likert scale points.

The test results demonstrated that the Ezra Flash performs to its intended use, is deemed acceptable for clinical use, and does not introduce new questions of safety or efficacy. The testing was
conducted in accordance to the software validation/verification plans and protocols. A full description of the software functionality, device hazard analysis, software requirements, verification,
validation and usability study is provided in this submission.

6  Conformance Standards

There are no applicable FDA mandated performance standards for this device. However, voluntary
standards have been utilized in the production of the software. The device was designed and
developed in accordance to the following conformance standards:

   • ISO 14971:2019 - Medical Devices - Application of risk management to medical devices

   • IEC 62304 Edition 1.1: 2015 - Medical device software - Software life cycle processes

   • NEMA PS 3.1-3.20 (2021e) - Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)
      set

7  Substantial Equivalence Conclusion

The Ezra Flash has the same intended use and similar technological characteristics as the predicate
SubtleMR (K203182) device.  As demonstrated in this submission, the subject and predicate
device are identical in indications for use and intended use for the reduction of image noise in 3T
head MRI scans. The subject Ezra Flash is substantially equivalent to the predicate SubtleMR
(K203182) device, and the minor differences in the technological characteristics of the subject
and predicate device do not raise any new or different questions of safety and effectiveness.