Therapanacea SAS                                                     April 19, 2023
℅ Catherine Martineau-Huynh
COO
7 bis boulevard Bourdon
Paris, 75004
FRANCE

Re: K230023/S001
    Trade/Device Name: ART-Plan
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QKB, MUJ, LLZ
    Dated: December 28, 2022
    Received: January 4, 2023

Dear Catherine Martineau-Huynh:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR
803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see

K230023 - Catherine Martineau-Huynh                                                   Page 2


https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                          Lora D.           DigitallyLora D. Weidnersigned by-S
                       Weidner -S  Date:18:00:582023.04.19-04'00'
                                         Lora D. Weidner, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Radiation Therapy Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K230023

Device Name
ART-Plan


Indications for Use (Describe)
ART-Plan is indicated for cancer patients for whom radiation treatment has been planned. It is intended to be used by
trained medical professionals including, but not limited to, radiologists, radiation oncologists, dosimetrists, and medical
physicists.

ART-Plan is a software application intended to display and visualize 3D multi-modal medical image data. The user may
mport, define, display, transform and store DICOM3.0 compliant datasets (including regions of interest structures). These
images, contours and objects can subsequently be exported/distributed within the system, across computer networks
and/or to radiation treatment planning systems. Supported modalities include CT, PET-CT, CBCT, 4D-CT and MR
images.

ART-Plan supports AI-based contouring on CT and MR images and offers semi-automatic and manual tools for
segmentation.

To help the user assess changes in image data and to obtain combined multi-modal image information, ART-Plan allows
the registration of anatomical and functional images and display of fused and non-fused images to facilitate the
comparison of patient image data by the user.

With ART-Plan, users are also able to generate, visualize, evaluate and modify pseudo-CT from MRI images.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

TheraPanacea SAS
                                     K230023                       Special 510(k)
                   For ART-Plan v1.10.1

                                    510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary is submitted in accordance with 21 CFR Part 807, Section 807.92.

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance
with the requirement of 21 CFR 807.92

Submitter Information:
Name:                             TheraPanacea SAS
Address:                          7 bis boulevard Bourdon 75004 Paris
Establishment Registration Number:   3019834893
Owner/Operator Number:             10082087
Phone:                            +33 9 62 52 78 19
Contact:                               Catherine Martineau-Huynh
E-mail:                              c.huynh@therapanacea.eu
Date of Summary:                     28th of December 2022

Device Information:

Below summarises the Device Classification information regarding the ART-Plan v1.10.1.

Device Proprietary Name          NA
Common Name:                     ART-Plan
Trade Name:                        ART-Plan
Product Code(s):               NA

Primary Product Code

   Regulation                                        Product      Classification
                      Device        Device Class
   Number                                     Code          Panel
                     Medical image
    892.2050      management and       Class II       QKB         Radiology
                   processing system

Secondary Product Codes

   Regulation                                        Product      Classification
                      Device        Device Class
   Number                                     Code          Panel
                     Medical image
    892.2050      management and       Class II        LLZ          Radiology
                   processing system
                        Medical
                      charged-particle
    892.5050                              Class II       MUJ          Radiology
                       radiation therapy
                       system


Page 1 of 22

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Special 510(k)
                   For ART-Plan v1.10.1

Substantial Equivalence

                                            Product
  Manufacturer         Trade Name                        Regulation    510(k) Number
                                       Code
  TheraPanacea          ART-Plan          QKB        892.2050       K220813
     SAS

Submission Description

This Special 510(k) covers a modification to add 48 new structures to existing localizations and
8 bug fixes to ART-Plan v1.10.0, as cleared in 510(k) (K220813).

There are no significant changes presented to the other software components previously
cleared in K220813 i.e., no change to the other modules such as Smartfuse, Home,
Administration and to the other features such as generation of synthetic CT from MR.

Well-established methods described in the previously 510(k)-cleared ART–Plan v1.10.0, have
been used to evaluate the change is provided in a summary in this submission.

This Special 510(k) presents the addition of 48 new structures to existing localizations
(Annotate module). This modification extends the use of Annotate to other radiotherapy
protocols, such as the SBRT for lung.  It also includes 8 bug fixes.

Device Description

●  General Description

The ART-Plan application consists of two key modules: SmartFuse and Annotate, allowing the
user to display and visualize 3D multi-modal medical image data. The user may process,
render, review, store, display and distribute DICOM 3.0 compliant datasets within the system
and/or  across  computer  networks.  Supported  modalities  cover  static and  gated CT
(computerized tomography including CBCT and 4D-CT), PET (positron emission tomography)
and MR (magnetic resonance).

The ART-Plan technical functionalities claimed by TheraPanacea are the following:

•   Proposing automatic solutions to the user, such as an automatic delineation, automatic
    multimodal  image  fusion,  etc.  towards  improving  standardization  of  processes/
    performance / reducing user tedious / time consuming involvement.
•   Offering to the user a set of tools to assist semi-automatic delineation, semi-automatic
    registration towards modifying/editing manually automatically generated structures and
    adding/removing new/undesired structures or imposing user-provided correspondences
    constraints on the fusion of multimodal images.
•   Presenting to the user a set of visualization methods of the delineated structures, and
    registration fusion maps.
•   Saving the delineated structures / fusion results for use in the dosimetry process.
•   Enabling rigid and deformable registration of patients images sets to combine information
    contained in different or same modalities.
•   Allowing the users to generate, visualize, evaluate and modify pseudo-CT from MRI
    images.

ART-Plan offers deep-learning based automatic segmentation for the following localizations:


Page 2 of 22

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Special 510(k)
                   For ART-Plan v1.10.1

   ●  head and neck (on CT images)
   ●   thorax/breast (for male/female and on CT images)
   ●  abdomen (on CT images and MR images)
   ●   pelvis male(on CT images and MR images)
   ●   pelvis female (on CT images)
   ●   brain (on CT images and MR images)
ART-Plan  offers  deep-learning based synthetic CT-generation from MR images  for the
following localizations:
   ●   pelvis male
   ●   brain

Intended/ Indications for Use

Intended use :

ART-Plan is a software for multi-modal visualization, contouring and processing of 3D images
of cancer patients for whom radiotherapy treatment has been prescribed.

It allows the user to view, create and modify contours for the regions of interest. It also allows
to generate automatically, and based on medical practices, the contours for the organs at risk
and healthy lymph nodes and to register combinations of anatomical and functional images.
Contours and images require verifications, potential modifications, and subsequently the
validation of a trained user with professional qualifications in anatomy and radiotherapy before
their export to a Treatment Planning System.

ART-Plan offers the following visualization, contouring and manipulation tools to aid in the
preparation of radiotherapy treatment:
   ●   Multi-modal visualization and  rigid- and deformable registration of anatomical and
        functional images such as CT, MR, PET-CT, 4D-CT and CBCT
   ●   Display of fused and non-fused images to facilitate the comparison and delineation of
       image data by the user
   ●  Manual modification and semi-automatic generation of contours for the regions of
         interest
   ●  Automatic generation of contours for organs at risk and healthy lymph nodes, based
      on medical practices, on medical images such as CT and MR images.
   ●  Generation of pseudo-CT for supported anatomies

The  device  is  intended  to be used  in a  radiation therapy  clinical  setting, by trained
professionals only.

Indications for use:

ART-Plan is indicated for cancer patients for whom radiation treatment has been planned. It is
intended to be used by trained medical professionals including, but not limited to, radiologists,
radiation oncologists, dosimetrists, and medical physicists.

ART-Plan is a software application intended to display and visualize 3D multi-modal medical
image data. The user may import, define, display, transform and store DICOM3.0 compliant
datasets (including regions of interest structures). These images, contours and objects can
subsequently be exported/distributed within the system, across computer networks and/or to
radiation treatment planning systems. Supported modalities include CT, PET-CT, CBCT, 4D-CT
and MR images.


Page 3 of 22

TheraPanacea SAS
                              Special 510(k)
                         For ART-Plan v1.10.1

        ART-Plan supports AI-based contouring on CT and MR images and offers semi-automatic and
        manual tools for segmentation.

         To help the user assess changes in image data and to obtain combined multi-modal image
          information, ART-Plan allows the registration of anatomical and functional images and display
           of fused and non-fused images to facilitate the comparison of patient image data by the user.

         With ART-Plan, users are also able to generate, visualize, evaluate and modify pseudo-CT
         from MRI images.

        Comparison with the Predicate and Previously Cleared Device

        The candidate device TheraPanacea SAS ART-Plan 1.10.1 is substantially equivalent to the
          predicate, K220813, the TheraPanacea SAS ART-Plan 1.10.0 and a comparison of the key
           characteristics is summarised in Table 1.

    Characteristic       ART-Plan v1.10.1 with Modification        ART-Plan v1.10.0 K220813
                                                                                               Equivalence
                                                                               (Predicate)
Device Name           ART-Plan v1.10.1                     ART-Plan v1.10.0                          Equivalent
Manufacturer          TheraPanacea SAS                   TheraPanacea SAS                        Equivalent
Device Classification       II                                                                  II                                         Equivalent
Primary Product Code  QKB                        QKB                                      Equivalent
Secondary Product      LLZ, MUJ                             LLZ, MUJ                                 Equivalent
Code
Indications for Use      ART-Plan   is   indicated   for  cancer  ART-Plan   is   indicated   for  cancer     Equivalent
                           patients  for whom radiation treatment   patients  for whom radiation treatment
                      has been planned.  It is intended to be  has been planned.  It is intended to be
                      used by trained medical professionals  used by trained medical professionals
                            including, but not limited to, radiologists,   including, but not limited to, radiologists,
                            radiation oncologists, dosimetrists, and   radiation oncologists, dosimetrists, and
                        medical physicists.                      medical physicists.

                       ART-Plan   is  a  software  application  ART-Plan   is  a  software  application
                         intended  to  display and visualize 3D   intended  to  display and visualize 3D
                          multi-modal medical image data. The   multi-modal medical image data. The
                         user  may   import,   define,   display,  user  may   import,   define,   display,
                          transform  and   store  DICOM   3.0   transform  and   store  DICOM   3.0
                         compliant datasets (including regions of  compliant datasets (including regions of
                             interest   structures).  These  images,   interest   structures).  These  images,
                         contours and objects can subsequently   contours and objects can subsequently
                      be   exported/distributed   within   the  be   exported/distributed   within   the
                        system,  across  computer  networks  system,  across  computer  networks
                         and/or to radiation treatment planning   and/or to radiation treatment planning
                        systems. Supported modalities include  systems. Supported modalities include
                        CT, PET-CT, CBCT, 4D-CT and MR  CT, PET-CT, CBCT, 4D-CT and MR
                        images.                               images.

                       ART-Plan supports AI-based contouring  ART-Plan supports AI-based contouring
                      on CT and MR images and  offers  on CT and MR images and  offers
                         semi-automatic and manual  tools  for   semi-automatic and manual  tools  for
                         segmentation.                          segmentation.

                       To help  the user assess changes  in  To help  the user assess changes  in
                      image  data and  to  obtain combined  image  data and  to  obtain combined
                          multi-modal    image     information,   multi-modal    image     information,
                       ART-Plan  allows  the  registration  of  ART-Plan  allows  the  registration  of


        Page 4 of 22

TheraPanacea SAS
                              Special 510(k)
                         For ART-Plan v1.10.1

    Characteristic       ART-Plan v1.10.1 with Modification        ART-Plan v1.10.0 K220813
                                                                                               Equivalence
                                                                               (Predicate)
                         anatomical and functional images and   anatomical and functional images and
                           display of fused and non-fused images   display of fused and non-fused images
                             to  facilitate the comparison of patient   to  facilitate the comparison of patient
                      image data by the user.                image data by the user.

                        With ART-Plan, users are also able to  With ART-Plan, users are also able to
                          generate,   visualize,   evaluate  and   generate,   visualize,   evaluate  and
                        modify pseudo-CT from MRI images      modify pseudo-CT from MRI images
Intended                            It  is intended to be used by trained    It  is intended to be used by trained    Equivalent
user/Location           medical professionals including, but not  medical professionals including, but not
                             limited    to,    radiologists,    radiation   limited    to,    radiologists,    radiation
                           oncologists, dosimetrists, and medical   oncologists, dosimetrists, and medical
                            physicists / Hospitals                      physicists / Hospitals
Segmentation features   Automatically delineates OARs and       Automatically delineates OARs and        Equivalent -
(Annotate module)       healthy lymph nodes                     healthy lymph nodes                 The candidate
                                                                                                         device and
                    Deep learning algorithm.              Deep learning algorithm.                  predicate are
                                                                                                      capable of
                        Automatic segmentation includes the     Automatic segmentation includes the       automatically
                            following localizations:                     following localizations:                    contouring the
                                * head and neck (on CT images)            * head and neck (on CT images)           organ-at-risk
                               * thorax/breast (for male/female and on    * thorax/breast (for male/female and on    (OAR) and
                  CT images)                     CT images)                              healthy lymph
                               * abdomen (on CT images and MR         * abdomen (on CT images and MR       nodes using
                        images)                              images)                                   AI (deep
                               * pelvis male(on CT images and MR        * pelvis male(on CT images and MR          learning)
                        images)                              images)                                     algorithm.
                               * pelvis female (on CT images)              * pelvis female (on CT images)
                               * brain (on CT images and MR images)    * brain (on CT images and MR images)   The candidate
                                                                                                           device
                                                                                                               includes 48
                                                                                                                       additional
                                                                                                                   structures to
                                                                                                             the already
                                                                                                                          existing
                                                                                                                         localizations
Bugs                                         NA                                        Equivalent

                                                                                       The bug fixes
                                                                                                            introduced in
                                                                                                            the candidate
                                                                                                        device do not
                          Correction of 8 bugs
                                                                                                                              affect the
                                                                                                                   safety or
                                                                                                   performance
                                                                                                                             of the
                                                                                                                predicate
                                                                                                           device

          Table 1: Comparison of characteristics between the Modified System and the Predicate System.


        Page 5 of 22

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Special 510(k)
                   For ART-Plan v1.10.1

In Table 2, structures included in ART-Plan v1.10.1 are presented.


                         Head & Neck (CT) - 47 structures

     Brainstem         Cerebellum      Chiasma     Encephalon    Esophagus    Hypophyse       Larynx
                                               Left cervical                      Left cervical     Left cervical
     Left Brachial      Left cervical lymph                     Left cervical                                         Left cervical
                                     lymph node                  lymph node    lymph node
       plexus           node IB                    lymph node III                              lymph node V
                                                                               II                          IVA           IVB
 Left cervical lymph   Left cervical lymph                                                        Left optical
                                               Left cochlea       Left eye      Left eye lens                       Left parotid
     node VIIA         node VIIB                                                     nerve
                                Left
                                                                         Medullar                     Right brachial
  Left submandible   temporomandibula      Lips         Mandible                    Mouth
                                                                           canal                         plexus
                                      r joints
                                             Right
                                                         Right cervical   Right cervical                   Right cervical
    Right cervical       Right cervical        cervical                                     Right cervical
                                                   lymph node    lymph node                  lymph node
   lymph node IB      lymph node II     lymph node                              lymph node V
                                                        IVA           IVB                            VIIA
                                                                               III
    Right cervical                                                         Right optical                        Right
                        Right cochlea       Right eye    Right eye lens                  Right parotid
  lymph node VIIB                                                      nerve                     submandible
        Right
                                                                             External
 temporomandibula      Spinal Cord        Thyroid       Trachea
                                                                          contour
          r joints
                            Thorax / Breast (CT) - 30 structures

                                                                                                                        Left IMC
                                                                                                                             (internal
                                                                Left brachial                      Left humeral
    Esophagus            Heart           Larynx                          Left breast                mammary
                                                          plexus                      head
                                                                                                            chain) lymph
                                                                                           node

                                                                                                        Left
  Left interpectoral                            Left lymph      Left lymph      Left lymph
                             Left lung                                                       supraclavicula        Liver
    lymph node                        node L1      node L2       node L3
                                                                                                                           r lymph nodes

                                                                          Right IMC
                                                                                       (internal         Right
                        Right brachial                    Right humeral
   Medullar canal                         Right breast               mammary      interpectoral      Right lung
                           plexus                       head
                                                                           chain) lymph    lymph node
                                                                node

                                                             Right
  Right lymph node    Right lymph node   Right lymph
                                                          supraclavicula    Spinal cord   Thoracic aorta     Thyroid
        L1               L2          node L3
                                                                               r lymph nodes

      Trachea         External Contour

                                        Pelvis Male (CT) - 19 structures
                                       CTVn      Left femoral
    Anal canal         Bladder      Bowel bag                                     Left iliac      Left kidney
                                                      prostate      head
                                                                                  Right
       Liver         Medullar canal   Penile bulb    Prostate     Rectum                    Right iliac
                                                                            femoral head
                                                                    External
   Right kidney    Seminal vesicle    Sigmoid     Spinal cord
                                                                 contour
                                      Pelvis Female (CT) - 25 structures

                                    Common
                                                        CTVt       Left femoral
    Anal canal         Bladder      Bowel bag    iliac gyneco                                     Left iliac
                                                          gyneco       head
                                            lymph node

                        Left inguinal                              Lomboaorti
 Left iliac gyneco                                                              Medullar
                  gyneco lymph    Left kidney       Liver       c lymph                 Parametrium
   lymph node                                                                 canal
                     node                                node


Page 6 of 22

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Special 510(k)
                   For ART-Plan v1.10.1

                                                                                  Right
    Presacral                           Right                     Right iliac
                                                                                       inguinal
  gyneco lymph      Rectum        femoral      Right iliac     gyneco                   Right kidney
                                                                      gyneco
      node                        head                 lymph node
                                                                     lymph node
                                                     External
     Sigmoid         Spinal cord      Vagina
                                                    contour
                     Heart substructures (part of thorax / breast) (CT) - 13 structures

                                                          Left main
                                                                             Left       Left ventricle   Left ventricle
 Ascending aorta   Coronary sinus    Left atrium    coronary
                                                                           ventricle       anterior         apical
                                                           artery
                                              Left
   Left ventricle       Left ventricle                                   Right     Vena cava
                                            ventricle    Right atrium
       inferior              lateral                                         ventricle      superior
                                          septal
                   SBRT lung (part of thorax / breast) (CT) - 14 structures
                                              Left
                                           anterior                         Left        Left chest
  Bronchial tree        Carina                      Left bronchia                             Pericardium
                                  descending                bronchus        wall
                                         aorta
   Pulmonary                          Right      Right chest                          Vena cava
                    Right bronchia                              Spleen     Stomach
      arteries                       bronchus        wall                                             inferior
                                       Brain T1 (MR) - 28 structures
      Anterior                      Encephalo
                   Chiasma                 Hypophyse   Left cochlea   Left cornea   Left eye lens
    cerebellum                       n

                                                                                            Left
                                              Left                                      vestibular
        Left                Left                         Left optical                               Medulla
                                          lacrimal                      Left retina    semicircular
  hippocampus    hypothalamus                   nerve                                 oblongata
                                      gland                                   canals
                                                                 (VSCC)
                                                                                                Right
                                        Posterior       Right         Right       Right eye
     Midbrain         Pons                                                      hippocampu
                                    cerebellum     cochlea      cornea         lens
                                                                                            s
                                                                    Right
                                        Right                      versibular
       Right         Right lacrimal                                                              External
                                             optical     Right retina   semicircular   Spinal cord
  hypothalamus        gland                                                                contour
                                     nerve                     canals
                                                      (VSCC)

                                     Pelvis T2 (male) (MR) - 12 structures
                                              Left
    Anal canal         Bladder        femoral      Left pelvis    Penile bulb     Prostate      Rectum
                                 head
   Right femoral                                  Seminal      External
                      Right pelvis     Sacrum
      head                                             vesicle       contour
                                     Pelvis TF (male) (MR) - 19 structures
                                                                                Inferior                      Left femoral
    Anal canal          Aorta         Bladder    Duodenum               Large bowel
                                                        vena cava                  head
                                                                                                Right
    Left kidney           Liver        Pancreas    Penile bulb     Prostate     Rectum
                                                                                           femoral head
                                                                    External
   Right kidney    Seminal vesicle    Sigmoid    Stomach
                                                                 contour
Table 2: Structures included in ART-Plan v1.10.1


Page 7 of 22

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Special 510(k)
                   For ART-Plan v1.10.1


Technological Characteristics

The proposed modification to the Annotate module on the TheraPanacea ART-Plan v1.10.1
has identical indications for use, operating principles, performance, and technical specification
as the predicate device, the TheraPanacea SAS ART-Plan 1.10.0.

The proposed modification of the addition of 48 new structures to the existing localizations and
the introduction of 8 bug fixes enables further help in the management of radiotherapy
planning.  Equivalence between  both systems has been shown  through  the thorough
performance testing performed.

Summary of Non-Clinical Tests (Performance data)

The TheraPanacea ART-Plan V1.10.1 was tested to ensure performance of the system, to
verify and validate the product design and to characterise the performance and safety of
TheraPanacea’s ART-Plan v1.10.1.

The performance of the Annotate module modification is identical to the predicate previously
cleared device in terms of technical specification and safety. The primary difference between
the predicate and the candidate devices  is the addition of 48 new structures to existing
localizations (Annotate module). This modification extends the use of Annotate to other
radiotherapy protocols, such as the SBRT for lung,

All changes were verified and validated according to TheraPanacea SAS internal design
control process and in accordance with special controls for software systems.

This  is demonstrated through the extensive testing carried out on the system with the
modification, which passes all performance and verification tests that follow the same protocol
and acceptance criteria as the ones submitted to the FDA under the clearance of the predicate
device (K220813). It also demonstrated that the proposed modification performed according to
its specification and has met the technological and performance  criteria which have not
changed from the predicate device.

Information about our training dataset:


A method generalizes well if the observed performance on training and validation sets remains
stable. In the case of strong presence of expert’s annotation variability (that is not necessarily
because of erroneous annotations but because image quality/organ visibility can be interpreted
differently among experts), a method that can demonstrate similar performance with respect to
a given metric on training, validation and later on testing is considered to generalize well.

In  that  process, both the loss function being optimized by the optimization procedure
(stochastic gradient descent) and the dice metric which is the main proxy of segmentation
quality, are monitored over the train and validation sets.  If the loss is non-increasing on the
validation set and  if the dice metrics follow similar in value trends in both the validation and
training sets, it is considered that the model being trained does not overfit, and hence should
generalize well, at least on input domains similar to ones in those sets.


Page 8 of 22

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Special 510(k)
                   For ART-Plan v1.10.1

On the contrary, overfitting can be detected whenever the training loss keeps decreasing while
the validation loss after a while increases. This means that the model is focusing on features
that are specific to the training data and not present in the validation data. This implies that the
capacity  of the model  to generalize  is poor.  In  that respect, the independence of the
train/validation/test sets is fundamental.

We consider that a model is a good candidate for production when the following conditions are
met: 1) the loss and dices have reached a plateau on the validation set, 2) there is no
overfitting, i.e. training and validation curves are similar and 3) the level of performance of the
dice for the different organs are as good or above the clinical expectations according to well
defined performance criteria.

The  learning curves  of organs may be  different depending on the sizes and shapes
(difficulties) of structures (organs). Thus, the range of testing scores, Dice Similarity Coefficient
(DSC), may vary. It is important to remember that smaller organs might have smaller DSC and
yet be still clinically relevant and acceptable, as the DSC is a relative metric that is heavily
dependent on the volume of the organ. This is due to the fact that the DSC scores are
normalized from the union of organ volume between the two sets (ground truth, automatic
annotations) and therefore lower DSC could correspond to clinically acceptable values for
small organs, since the proposed contours might take just a few editions to make them usable
for planning, whilst still saving time from the users, i.e. that these contours would be judged
“clinically acceptable after minor corrections” in a qualitative evaluation.


Learning curves can have an average DSC and loss function for each epoch (which is an
iteration of training where the whole training dataset has been passed to the network) over the
training set and over the validation set. Our curves show that validation and training data are
very close  to each  other, reaching convergence after some epochs (depending on the
structure), demonstrating no overfitting of the training data. Once convergence is achieved, the
model  is  considered  ready  to be  tested and  clinically  validated on a  different,  yet
representative data set, as described in the process that has already been submitted to and
cleared by the FDA.

Some limitations have been identified that correspond either to the sex or the age of patients.
For instance, for the auto-segmentation model following limitations are disclosed to the user in
the Instruction For Use (User Manual) based on the sex of the patient:

     -   The Truefisp Pelvis MRI and T2 Elekta Pelvis MRI auto-contouring models only work
      on male anatomy.
     -   The patient sex of the patient (dicom tag (0010, 0040)) is taken into account for the
        auto-segmentation:
                -      if the tag is "F" or "M", the sex specific organs (prostate, breast, etc.) are
               contoured according
to the tag
                -      if the tag is empty or "O":
                           -      if batch: no contour is delineated except external contour
                           -      if auto segmentation on Annotate: only common contours to the 2
                     sexes are delineated
                -      if the tag is incorrect, the generated contours may be inappropriate

The automatic contouring (including external contour) function may generate inappropriate

Page 9 of 22

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Special 510(k)
                   For ART-Plan v1.10.1

contours in the following cases:
     -  When the volume used is an image taken of a child
     -  When the patient has a particular anatomy.
     -  When the considered volume is that of a patient not positioned on his back at the time
         of acquisition.
     -  When the value entered in the Patient Position tag (0018, 5100) is erroneous.
     -  When the DICOM-CT contains an unusually high number of slices.
     -  When the quality of the images used as input is not satisfying enough or the resolution
          is low such as CBCT. Therefore, the contours produced may have a low quality.
     -  When the primary volume is an MRI whose acquisition sequence is not compatible
        with the selected auto-contouring model.
     -  When the patient is unusually positioned on the image (image not centered on the
         patient, head rotated on the side...)

Only some anatomies are covered by the automatic contouring:
     -   Automatic contouring on CT images covers all anatomies (head, Head & Neck, thorax,
        breast, abdominal region and pelvis (M/F)
     -   Automatic contouring on MR images covers some sequences and anatomies: Brain
       T1, Abdo TF (TrueFisp), Pelvis T2, Pelvis TF.
     -    In order to suggest the most relevant structures to the user, a CT that does not include
      a chiasma but does include a liver, is not considered as Head and Neck case. In that
        case, no Head and Neck structures will be automatically segmented.

All the above information on the limitations of some models is included in the Instruction For
Use (User Manual) which is made available to all users of the software.


   ●  Summary test statistics or other test results including acceptance criteria or
       other  information  supporting  the  appropriateness  of  the  characterized
       performance:

Acceptance criteria for performance of ART-Plan modules were established using performance
ranges extracted from benchmark devices and alternative technologies in the literature. For an
auto segmentation model to be judged acceptable, every organ included in the model must
pass at least one acceptance criterion with success across the different testings it has been
submitted to. These criteria are as follows:

a) The Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) is equal to or superior to the acceptance criteria set by
the AAPM: DSC (mean)≥0.8.
Or
b) The Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) is equal to or superior to inter-expert variability: DSC
(mean)≥0.54 or DSC (mean) ≥mean (DSC inter-expert) + 5% .
Or
c) The clinicians’ s qualitative evaluation of the auto-segmentation is considered acceptable for
clinical use without modifications (A) or with minor modifications / corrections (B) with a A+B %
above or equal to 85% considering the following scale:
A: the contour is acceptable for a clinical use without any modification
B: the contour would be acceptable for clinical use after minor modifications/corrections
C: the contour requires major modifications (e.g. it would be faster for the expert to manually
delineate the structure)”

For the synthetic-CT generation tool, the acceptance criteria are as follows:

Page 10 of 22

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Special 510(k)
                   For ART-Plan v1.10.1


a. A median 2%/2mm gamma passing criteria of ≥95%
b. A median 3%/3mm gamma passing criteria of ≥99.0%
c. A mean dose deviation (pseudo-CT compared to standard CT) of ≤2% in ≥88% of patients

   ●   Total number of individual patients images in the reported auto segmentation
        tools and independence of test data and training data

Our training, validation and test cohorts are built from real-world retrospective data which were
initially used for treatment of cancer patients. For the structures of a given anatomy for a given
modality (MR or CT), two non-overlapping data sets were separated: the test patients (number
selected based on thorough literature review and statistical power) and the train data. We
make sure that those sets are non-overlapping and further split the train cases into train and
validation sets and ensure enough train cases for the machine learning models to converge
and achieve good performances of the validation set.


                                 Sample size              %

 Training                           299 142                         0.8

 Validation                          75 018                         0.2

 Total                              274 160                     1


Table 3: Distribution of samples between training and validation data sets

   ●   Total number of cases and samples images in the reported auto segmentation
        results

The total number of patients used for training (8736) is lower than the number of samples
(374160). This is linked to the fact that one patient can be associated with more images (e.g.
CT, MR) and that each image (anatomy) has the delineation of several structures (OARs and
lymph nodes) which increases the number of samples used for training and validation.


   ●  Demographic distribution including gender, age and ethnicity

All data used for training of the models have been pseudo-anonymised by the centers
providing data before transfer. Around 80% of the data used for training contain information on
gender and age of the patients.  In terms of gender, around 44% and 56% of our data (that
contains this information) are from female and male patients, respectively. In comparison, in
2020 according to the Global Cancer Observatory, 48% and 52% of the cancer patients were
female and male, respectively.

In terms of age, our data follows the same trend observed and reported in the US (SEER NIH),
UK (Cancer Research UK) and worldwide (Global Cancer Observatory) for cancer incidence
according to age, with more than 95% of the data coming from patients between 20 and 85
years old. Our data has a slight overrepresentation (8% points) for the ages between 54 and
60 years old, at the cost of a slight underrepresentation of patients in the age range between


Page 11 of 22

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Special 510(k)
                   For ART-Plan v1.10.1

20-34 (1.5% points) and above 85 (6.5% points) years old. In addition, following the general
global (incl US) trend, our data also depicts a steep rise in the incidence rate from in the age
group of 55-64 years old, with a median age of 63 years old (as compared to 66 years old in
the US).

Although  this  information  is not exhaustive,  this analysis shows  that the demographic
distribution in terms of age and gender of the data used for training and validation of the
models are well aligned with the incidence cancer statistics found for instance in US, UK and
globally. This comes from the fact that real clinical data provided by medical facilities without
any selection  criteria  (i.e. no discrimination or selection has been applied to the cases
retrieved), leading to the demographic distribution including gender and age across the data is
representative of the distribution in the clinic and thus of the cancer patient population in
general.

An exception is noted for following models that are gender-dependent:
- 100% of pelvis images for male pelvis model for automatic annotation are male patients
- 100% of pelvis images for female pelvis model for automatic annotation are female patients
- 100% of breast images for the breast automatic annotation are female patients
- 100 % of pelvis images for automatic synthetic-CT generation are male patients

The pseudo-anonymized data did not include any information on the ethnicity.

In  addition,   automatic delineation  of the device demonstrated equivalent performances
between non-US and US population.

   ●  On the “truthing” and data collection process

The contouring guidelines followed to produce the contours were confirmed with the centers
which provided the data. Our truthing process includes a mix of data created by different
delineators (clinical experts) and assessment of intervariability, ground truth contours provided
by the centers and validated by a second expert of the center, and qualitative evaluation and
validation of the contours. This process ensures that the data used for training and testing can
be considered representative of the delineation practice across centers and  is following
international guidelines.


   ●  On clinical subgroups, confounders and equipment details

In general, confounding factors affecting health status present in the dataset could be related
to patient clinical variables such as age, gender, ethnicity, economical and educational levels.
As shown in “Demographic distribution including gender, age and ethnicity”, our data  is
representative of the demographic cancer distribution in terms of gender and age. In addition,
our models when appropriate  (i.e. for gender independent anatomies) are shared across
gender removing any further bias and augmenting substantially training cohorts.

Variables  like ethnicity, economical and educational status that could be associated with
obesity are  further confounding  factors  that could impact global  patient's anatomy and
introduce bias in the performance of the obtained solution. To address this aspect, we have
adopted a strategy that projects a patient's specific anatomy to common, multiple, different in
size,  full-body female and male patient templates, allowing a direct harmonization of data
resulting in potential removal of bias of anatomical diversity across ethnic, economical and
educational groups. Please note that this information (ethnic group, educational/economical
level, etc.) is often not available in the pseudo-anonymised data and therefore performing

Page 12 of 22

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Special 510(k)
                   For ART-Plan v1.10.1

statistical tests and increasing the number of operations allowing to separate correlations from
causality is often unattainable.

Regarding variables associated with treatment therapeutic and treatment implementation
strategies; we can imagine imaging devices and treatment devices being potential confounding
factors as differences exist among CT and MR scanners manufacturers that could potentially
introduce bias. We have addressed this concern through a statistical analysis of the different
imaging vendors in EU & USA towards the creation of a data training, validation and testing
cohort that globally appropriately represents the market share of the different vendors allowing
generalization and removing hardware specific bias. In terms of treatment implementation, it
should be noted that different guidelines exist and depending on the treatment device different
therapeutic constraints and guidelines are applied. This is reflected in our database since
different  strategies and constraints are used depending on the choice of treatment (e.g
external radiotherapy vs stereotactic treatment). Our solution, due to its concept of removing
bias through projection to patient template anatomies as well as due to the component-based
approach that is able to aggregate training data across imaging and treatment vendors, is able
to address the maximum set of constraints. Therefore, we do not introduce any bias on the
type of treatment that will be delivered (supporting any type of clinically conventionally adopted
treatment from manufactures such as Varian, Elekta, Accuray, GE, Siemens, ViewRay),
providing direct means for customization of the constraints to be met at the clinical expert level
and offering a representative coverage of all vendors in radiation oncology world-wide.

An exception is noted for following models that are vendor-, machine- or sequence-dependent:

- MR annotation tool for pelvis and abdominal regions were trained on data from a 0.35T MR
machine provided by ViewRay
- synthetic-CT generation tool for pelvis was trained on data from a 0.35T MR machine
provided by ViewRay
- synthetic-CT generation tool and annotation tool for MR pelvis was trained on data from 1.5T
Philips (Elekta) for T2 sequences, and might not work on T1-weighted images

   ●  On generalizability of the models:

A method generalizes well also  if the observed performance on training and validation sets
remains stable. In the case of strong presence of expert’s annotation variability (that is not
necessarily because of erroneous annotations but because image quality/organ visibility can
be interpreted differently among experts), a method that can demonstrate similar performance
with respect to a given metric on training, validation and later on testing is considered to
generalize well.

We consider that a model is a good candidate for production when the following conditions are
met: 1) the loss and dices have reached a plateau on the validation set, 2) there is no
overfitting, i.e. training and validation curves are similar and 3) the level of performance of the
dice for the different organs are as good or above the clinical expectations.

Once convergence is achieved, the model is tested and clinically validated on a different, yet
representative data set, following a well-established process of validation that has already
been submitted to and cleared by the FDA.


Page 13 of 22

TheraPanacea SAS
                           Special 510(k)
                      For ART-Plan v1.10.1


Summary of Verification and Validation Activities


  Organ              Performance test             Summary of results   Any differences to
                     method/Acceptance criterion                           protocol?

        1.  Carina          Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 33
                         experts                            inter-expert=6.58%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

        2.  Lad             Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 33
           coronary      experts                            inter-expert=15.56%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

        3.   Left             Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 33
           bronchia      experts                            inter-expert=14.75%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

        4.   Left             Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 33
          bronchus      experts                            inter-expert=6.17%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

        5.   Left chest      Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 33
            wall           experts                            inter-expert=0%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

        6.  Pericardium    Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 33
                         experts                            inter-expert=1.06%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

        7.  pulmonary     Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 33


Page 14 of 22

TheraPanacea SAS
                           Special 510(k)
                      For ART-Plan v1.10.1


            arteries       experts                            inter-expert=3.61%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

        8.  Right           Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 33
           bronchia      experts                            inter-expert=22.64%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

        9.  Right           Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 33
          bronchus      experts                            inter-expert=7.41%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

       10. Right           Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 33
           chestwall      experts                             inter-expert=-1.10%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

       11. Spleen         Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 33
                         experts                            inter-expert=1.08%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

       12. stomach        Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 33
                         experts                            inter-expert=2.27%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

       13. Vena cava     Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 33
               inf            experts                            inter-expert=9.59%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20


Page 15 of 22

TheraPanacea SAS
                           Special 510(k)
                      For ART-Plan v1.10.1


       14. Bronchial     This structure corresponds to a
            tree          boolean of other structures: carina
                    + leftbronchus + rightbronchus +
                            leftbronchia + rightbronchia which
                       which have all passed the
                       performance tests

       15. Ascending     Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=100%           Sample size: 20
           aorta
                            Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                    minimum data sample
                      Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                       method: 15

       16. coronary       Intervariability comparison to           diff inter-expert=3.59%  Sample size: 20
           sinus         experts
                             (Criterion C of performance        Passed               which is the minimum
                                criteria)                                                  data sample size

                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

       17. Left atrium     Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=100%           Sample size: 20

                            Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                    minimum data sample
                      Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                       method: 15

       18. Left main      Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=93%            Sample size: 20
           coronary
            artery          Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                    minimum data sample
                      Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                       method: 15

       19. Left            Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=100%           Sample size: 20
            ventricle
                            Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                    minimum data sample
                      Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                       method: 15

       20. Left            Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=100%           Sample size: 20
            ventricle
            anterior        Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                    minimum data sample
                      Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                       method: 15

       21. Left            Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=100%           Sample size: 20
            ventricle
            apical          Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                    minimum data sample
                      Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                       method: 15


Page 16 of 22

TheraPanacea SAS
                           Special 510(k)
                      For ART-Plan v1.10.1


       22. Left            Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=100%           Sample size: 20
            ventricle
              inferior         Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                    minimum data sample
                      Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                       method: 15

       23. Left            Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=100%           Sample size: 20
            ventricle
             lateral          Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                    minimum data sample
                      Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                       method: 15

       24. Left            Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=100%           Sample size: 20
            ventricle
            septal          Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                    minimum data sample
                      Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                       method: 15

       25. Right atrium   Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=100%           Sample size: 20

                            Criterion D                      passed                which is above the
                                                                    minimum data sample
                      Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                       method: 15

       26. Right          Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=100%           Sample size: 20
            ventricle
                            Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                    minimum data sample
                      Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                       method: 15

       27. Vena cava     Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=100%           Sample size: 20
          sup
                            Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                    minimum data sample
                      Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                       method: 15

       28. Left cervical   Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B = 96.67%        Sample size: 15
          lymph node
          IVB            Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                    minimum data sample
                      Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                       method: 15

       29. Right          Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B = 96.67%        Sample size: 15
            cervical
          lymph node    Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
          IVB                                                         minimum data sample
                      Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                       method: 15


Page 17 of 22

TheraPanacea SAS
                           Special 510(k)
                      For ART-Plan v1.10.1


       30. Anterior        Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 30
           cerebellum    experts                            inter-expert=6.47%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

       31. Left cochlea    Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 30
                         experts                            inter-expert=19.96%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

       32. Left cornea     Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 30
                         experts                            inter-expert=7.93%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

       33. Left             Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 30
          hypothalam   experts                            inter-expert=4.19%
          us              (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

       34. Left lacrimal    Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 30
           gland         experts                            inter-expert=4.76%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

       35. Left retina      Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 30
                         experts                            inter-expert=12.26%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

       36. Left vscc       Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 30
                         experts                             inter-expert=-1.20%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20


Page 18 of 22

TheraPanacea SAS
                           Special 510(k)
                      For ART-Plan v1.10.1


       37. Medulla        Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 30
           oblangata     experts                            inter-expert=3.25%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

       38. Midbrain        Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 30
                         experts                              inter-expert=5.78
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

       39. Pons            Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 30
                         experts                            inter-expert=3.39%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

       40. Posterior       Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 30
           cerebellum    experts                            inter-expert=2.07%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

       41. Right           Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 30
          cochlea       experts                            inter-expert=29.22%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

       42. Right           Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 30
          cornea        experts                            inter-expert=4.66%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

       43. Right           Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 30
          hypothalam   experts                            inter-expert=3.32%
          us              (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20


Page 19 of 22

TheraPanacea SAS
                           Special 510(k)
                      For ART-Plan v1.10.1


       44. Right           Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 30
            lacrimal       experts                            inter-expert=4.23%
           gland          (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

       45. Right retina    Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 30
                         experts                            inter-expert=10.03%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

       46. Right vscc      Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 30
                         experts                            inter-expert=3.08%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

       47. Spinal Cord    Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 30
                         experts                            inter-expert=13.01%
                             (Criterion C of performance                               which is above the
                                criteria)                        Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

       48. Sigmoid       Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=100%           Sample size: 30

                            Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                    minimum data sample
                      Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                       method: 15

Table 4: Summary of Performance Test Results for the Annotate Module of ART-Plan


Page 20 of 22

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Special 510(k)
                   For ART-Plan v1.10.1


Summary of Non-Clinical Tests (Performance data)

The TheraPanacea ART-Plan V1.10.1 was tested to ensure performance of the system, to
verify and validate the product design and to characterise the performance and safety of the
TheraPanacea ART-Plan v1.10.1.

The performance of the Annotate module modification is identical to the predicate previously
cleared device in terms of technical specification and safety. The primary difference between
the predicate and the candidate devices  is the addition of 48 new structures to existing
localizations (Annotate module). This modification extends the use of Annotate to other
radiotherapy protocols, such as the SBRT for lung.
All changes were verified and validated according to TheraPanacea SAS internal design
control process and in accordance with special controls for software systems.

This  is demonstrated through the extensive testing carried out on the system with the
modification, which passes all performance and verification tests that follow the same protocol
and acceptance criteria as the ones submitted to the FDA under the clearance of the predicate
device (K220813). It also demonstrated that the proposed modification performed according to
its  specification and has met the technological and performance  criteria which has not
changed from the predicate device.

As  part  of a “standard”  lifecycle of a software, bugs were fixed (8 bug  fixes). System
verification and validation testing were performed to verify the software of the TheraPanacea
ART-Plan v1.10.1 after the bug fixes using the same verification tests and acceptance criteria
as the ones submitted to the FDA under the clearance of the predicate device (K220813).
Related documents are available on request.

Table 5 summarises the non-clinical tests (performance tests) completed by TheraPanacea to
validate the organs added in v1.10.1.


 Test Name            Test Description                                         Results
 Study  Protocol  and  The purpose  of  this document  is  to describe the  testing  Passed
 Report      Annotate  protocols and testing results for validating the performance of
 Performances          the Annotate module. The performance study of the ART-Plan
 Summary (v1.10.1)     module, Annotate, evaluates the precision of the contours
                     done by the software either i) against the one done by human
                         experts through a direct comparison or  ii) by a qualitative
                           validation done by human experts.
                    The  objective  of  the  tests  is  to  demonstrate  that  the
                        auto-segmentation algorithms (CT and MR) of the module
                       Annotate  pass  at  least  one  acceptance  criterion.  This
                     document   includes    test   procedures,   documentation,
                         references,  specifications,  and  acceptance  criteria.  This
                     document is updated to take into account modifications made
                             in ART-Plan v1.10.1 with the addition of heart substructures
                     and SBRT in the CT automatic segmentation.


 Study  Protocol  and  This test demonstrates that the Annotate provides clinically  Passed
 Report    quantitative  acceptable (compared  to  inter-expert  variability)  for SBRT
 validation of Annotate   structures.  All  organs  that have passed  the acceptance

Page 21 of 22

TheraPanacea SAS
                       Special 510(k)
                   For ART-Plan v1.10.1

 Test Name            Test Description                                         Results
 in  ART-Plan  v1.10.1   criterion of reaching a percentage of a DSC(mean)≥0.8 or
 for SBRT CT.         DSC(mean)≥0.54)         or       DSC(mean)≥mean(DSC
                         inter-expert)+5% relative error (quantitative evaluation) have
                     been released in v.1.10.1.
 Study  Protocol  and  This test demonstrates that the module Annotate provides  Passed
 Report     Qualitative  acceptable contours for the organs evaluated on CT images of
 Validation of Annotate   patients. All organs that have passed the acceptance criterion
 in ART-Plan V1.10.1   of reaching a percentage of at least 85% of A or B (qualitative
 for             Heart  evaluation) have been released in v.1.10.1.
 substructures CT

Table 5: Summary of non-clinical performance tests performed for ART-Plan v1.10.1

Summary of Animal & Clinical Studies

No animal studies were conducted as part of submission to prove substantial equivalence.

No clinical studies were conducted as part of submission to prove substantial equivalence.

Safety and Effectiveness/ Conclusion

Based on the information presented in this Special 510(k) submission, the TheraPanacea SAS
ART-Plan v.1.10.1 is considered substantially equivalent. The TheraPanacea ART-Plan is as
safe and effective as the currently marketed predicate device, TheraPanacea SAS ART-Plan
v1.10.0 previously 510(k) cleared (K220813) .

Based on testing and comparison with the predicate device TheraPanacea SAS ART-Plan
v1.10.0 previously 510(k) cleared (K220813), TheraPanacea SAS ART-Plan v1.10.1 indicated
no adverse indications or results. It is our determination that the TheraPanacea SAS ART-Plan
v.1.10.1 performs  within  its design  specifications and  is  substantially equivalent  to the
predicate device, TheraPanacea SAS ART-Plan v1.10.0 previously 510(k) cleared (K220813).


Page 22 of 22