May 2, 2023

Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd
℅ Matthew Wiggins
MPS-HSL Lab Head
Samsung Research America
665 Clyde Avenue
Mountain View, California 94043


Re: K230292
    Trade/Device Name: Samsung ECG Monitor Application with Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification
                         Feature
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2790
    Regulation Name: Photoplethysmograph Analysis Software For Over-The-Counter Use
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QDB, QDA
    Dated: February 1, 2023
    Received: February 2, 2023

Dear Matthew Wiggins:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K230292 - Matthew Wiggins                                                           Page 2


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                       Shruti N. Mistry -S
                                              for
                                                Jennifer Shih Kozen
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                Diagnostics and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K230292

Device Name
Samsung ECG Monitor Application with Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification (IHRN) Feature


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Samsung ECG Monitor Application with Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification is an over-the-counter (OTC) softwareonly, mobile medical application operating on a compatible Samsung Galaxy Watch and Phone for informational use only
in adults 22 years and older. The app analyzes pulse rate data to identify episodes of irregular heart rhythms suggestive of
atrial fibrillation (AFib) and provides a notification suggesting the user record an ECG to analyze the heart rhythm. The
Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification Feature is not intended to provide a notification on every episode of irregular rhythm
suggestive of AFib and the absence of a notification is not intended to indicate no disease process is present; rather the
feature is intended to opportunistically acquire pulse rate data when the user is still and analyze the data when determined
sufficient toward surfacing a notification.

Following this prompt, or based on the user’s own initiative, the app is intended to create, record, store, transfer, and
display a single-channel ECG, similar to a Lead I ECG. Classifiable traces are labeled by the app as either AFib or sinus
rhythm with the intention of aiding heart rhythm identification.

The app is not intended for users with other known arrhythmias, and it is not intended to replace traditional methods of
diagnosis or treatment. Users should not interpret or take clinical action based on the device output without consultation of
a qualified healthcare professional.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Samsung ECG Monitor Application with Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification Feature
                                   510(k) Summary


Applicant Information

 Manufacturer:     Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd
                      129, Samsung-ro, Yeongtong-gu, Suwon-si, Gyeonggi-do 16677, Korea

 Contact Person:    Matthew Wiggins, Ph.D.
                   Samsung Research America
                    665 Clyde Avenue, Mountain View, CA 94043
                     650-770-5804
                    m.wiggins@samsung.com
 Date Prepared:     May 1st, 2023


Device Information

 Proprietary Name:  Samsung ECG Monitor Application with Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification
                       Feature

 Common Name:    ECG Monitor App with IHRN Feature
 Classification:       •  QDA - Electrocardiograph software for over-the-counter use (21 CFR
                         870.2345)
                        •  QDB - Photoplethysmograph Analysis Software For Over-The-Counter Use
                          (21 CFR 870.2790)
 Predicate Device:    •   Primary: Apple Irregular Rhythm Notification Feature (DEN180042)
                     •   Secondary: Samsung ECG Monitor App (K201168)


Device Description

The Samsung ECG Monitor App with Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification (IHRN) Feature is a software
as a medical device (SaMD) that consists of a pair of mobile medical apps: one app on a compatible
Samsung wearable and the other on a compatible Samsung phone, both general-purpose computing
platforms.

When enabled, the wearable application of the SaMD uses a wearable photoplethysmography (PPG)
sensor to background monitor bio-photonic signals from the user. The application examines beat-to-beat
intervals and generates an irregular rhythm notification indicative of atrial fibrillation (AFib). Upon
receiving an irregular rhythm notification or at their discretion, the user can record a single-lead ECG
using the same wearable. The wearable application then calculates the average heart rate from the ECG
recording and produces a rhythm classification. The wearable application also securely transmits the data
to the ECG phone application on the paired phone device. The phone application shows a time-stamped
irregular rhythm notification history with heart rate information; ECG measurement history; and
generates a PDF file of the ECG signal, which the user can share with their healthcare provider.


K230292                                                                       Page 1 of 7

Intended Use/Indications for Use

The subject device’s indications for use are a combination of the predicate devices’ indications (K201168
and DEN180042), reflecting its background AFib monitoring and ECG classification purposes. This
combination did not change the use population or application of the device and yielded no new questions
of safety or effectiveness. The indications for use are provided below.

       The Samsung ECG Monitor Application with Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification is an over-thecounter (OTC) software-only, mobile medical application operating on a compatible Samsung
       Galaxy Watch and Phone for informational use only in adults 22 years and older. The app
        analyzes pulse rate data to identify episodes of irregular heart rhythms suggestive of atrial
         fibrillation (AFib) and provides a notification suggesting the user record an ECG to analyze the
        heart rhythm. The Irregular Heart Rhythm Notification Feature is not intended to provide a
        notification on every episode of irregular rhythm suggestive of AFib and the absence of a
        notification is not intended to indicate no disease process is present; rather the feature is
        intended to opportunistically acquire pulse rate data when the user is still and analyze the data
      when determined sufficient toward surfacing a notification.

       Following this prompt, or based on the user’s own initiative, the app is intended to create,
        record, store, transfer, and display a single channel ECG, similar to a Lead I ECG. Classifiable
        traces are labeled by the app as either AFib or sinus rhythm with the intention of aiding heart
       rhythm identification.

       The app is not intended for users with other known arrhythmias and it is not intended to replace
        traditional methods of diagnosis or treatment. Users should not interpret or take clinical action
       based on the device output without consultation of a qualified healthcare professional.


Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The IHRN feature of the subject device uses Photoplethysmograph (PPG) technology to extract rhythm
information. A PPG array on the back side of the Galaxy Watch wearable device, in contact with the
dorsal side of the wrist, collects data as tachograms of specific frequencies. The algorithm classifies the
collected tachogram as either AFib or Sinus. Accelerometer and other sensor data also inform the
algorithm to exclude tachograms from classification due to noise. The user is then notified on the
wearable when consistent tachograms are classified as AFib. The process of collecting tachograms,
classifying them, and notifying the user of an irregular rhythm is functionally equivalent to the primary
predicate device: Apple Irregular Rhythm Notification Feature (DEN180042).

A more detailed comparison between the IHRN Feature of the subject device and Apple’s Irregular
Rhythm Notification Feature is provided in Table 1.


K230292                                                                       Page 2 of 7

Table 1. Technological Comparison of IHRN Function

                    Samsung ECG Monitor App                      Primary Predicate
Specification                                                                                                                Difference
                           with IHRN Feature                   Apple IRN Feature (DEN180042)
                                                                                                                                Equivalent
Key Platform   Green wavelength PPG on the back side of the     Green wavelength PPG on the back side of the
   Sensor      watch for contact with the dorsal side of the wrist.  watch for contact with the dorsal side of the wrist.  The Apple and Samsung sensor
                                                                                                                        functions in the same method.
                                                                                                                                Equivalent
               •   Wearable: Samsung Galaxy Watch4 or later
                    running Wear OS                           •   Wearable: Apple Watch with watch OS         Different hardware and OS for both Platform(s)
               •   Phone: Samsung Galaxy phones with          •   Phone: Apple iPhones with iOS               wearable and phone platforms, both
                   Android OS                                                                                         offering equivalent communications
                                                                                                       and sensor capabilities and features
                                                             •   Apple watch screen for notifying the user               •   Samsung wearable screen for notifying the
                                                       when irregular rhythm is detected                     user when irregular rhythm is detected                                                                        Equivalent
                                                             •   Phone screen for onboarding, turning the    User       •   Phone screen for onboarding, turning the
                                                                            feature ON/OFF viewing details about the  Interface          feature ON/OFF, and viewing notification                                                 Both user interfaces offer the same key
                                                                 tachograms that resulted in notification,
                      history and historic data including time-                                                              functions.
                                                                 viewing historic data including time-stamped
                   stamped heart rate information
                                                                           heart rate information
               •  PPG signal quality assessment algorithm       •  PPG signal quality assessment algorithm
                      (includes motion rejection)                         (includes motion rejection)                                 Equivalent
               •   PPG-based algorithm to extract tachograms    •   PPG-based algorithm to extract tachograms
               •   Irregular rhythm detection algorithm to        •   Irregular rhythm detection algorithm to       High level algorithm is based on the Algorithms
                      detect AFib using tachograms                       detect AFib using tachograms               same premise and basic steps though
               •   Notification generation algorithm to let user    •   Notification generation algorithm to let user    the details regarding parameters and
                know about presence of AFib based on          know about presence of AFib based on        sampling periods are different.
                     successive positive tachograms                     successive tachograms


              K230292                                                                       Page 3 of 7

Samsung ECG Monitor App                      Primary Predicate
Specification                                                                                                                Difference
                           with IHRN Feature                   Apple IRN Feature (DEN180042)
                                                                                                                               Equivalent

                                                                                                     Samsung’s subject-level endpoints are
               Subject Level:                                 Subject Level:                                                                                                                                    sensitivity and specificity to remove
               •   Sensitivity – 68% (95% CI:59.9%, 75.4%)     •   Sensitivity – 47.9% (95% CI:37.5%, 58.5%) Notification                                                                                                             the positive/negative population
               •   Specificity – 98.8% (95% CI:97.6%, 99.5%)   •   Specificity – 90.9% (95% CI:84.7%, 95.2%)Performance                                                                                             dependence inherent to PPV, which the
             Tachogram level:                         Tachogram Level:
                                                                                      IRN predicate used. Samsung’s               •  PPV – 95.7% (95% CI: 94.7%, 96.7%)        •  PPV - 66.6% (97.5% CI lower bound 63%)
                                                                                                                  algorithm performance is substantially
                                                                                                                      equivalent to the predicate device at
                                                                                                               both subject level and tachogram level.


              K230292                                                                       Page 4 of 7

The on-demand ECG capability of Samsung ECG Monitor App with IHRN Feature has not been functionally changed since the original clearance
as Samsung ECG Monitor App (K201168). A detailed comparison between the subject device’s ECG function and the predicate Samsung ECG
Monitor App is presented in Table 2.

                                        Table 2. Technological Comparison of ECG Function

                        Samsung ECG Monitor App                           Secondary Predicate
  Specification                                                                                                                    Difference
                                with IHRN Feature                     Samsung ECG Monitor App (K201168)
           A single channel electrocardiogram (ECG) similar to a   A single channel electrocardiogram (ECG) similar to a
     Lead                                                                                                   Same
                Lead I ECG.                                      Lead I ECG.
 ECG duration                     30 seconds                                        30 seconds                        Same
                                                                      •   Atrial Fibrillation (HR between 50-120 BPM)                 •   Atrial Fibrillation (HR between 50-120 BPM)
                                                                      •   Sinus rhythm (HR between 50 – 100 BPM)                 •   Sinus rhythm (HR between 50 – 100 BPM)
   Rhythms     •   Inconclusive (Any Other Rhythm and HR <50        •   Inconclusive (Any Other Rhythm and HR <50 BPM)                                                                                                           Same
    detected       BPM) OR (AFib and HR >120 BPM) OR (NOT SR     OR (AFib and HR >120 BPM) OR (NOT SR or
                       or AFib and HR 50-100 BPM) OR (SR and HR          AFib and HR 50-100 BPM) OR (SR and HR >100
                   >100 BPM)                                                       BPM)
   Heart Rate                        Yes                                            Yes                           Same
           A single channel electrocardiogram (ECG) similar to a   A single channel electrocardiogram (ECG) similar to a
 Key Platform   Lead I ECG taken from electrodes on the back of the      Lead I ECG taken from electrodes on the back of the
                                                                                                           Same
     Sensor      watch on one wrist and the top button where the finger is   watch on one wrist and the top button where the finger is
                  placed                                                 placed
                 •  ECG Lead I Rhythm Classification for Sinus          •  ECG Lead I Rhythm Classification for Sinus
                    Rhythm, Atrial Fibrillation, Inconclusive, Poor           Rhythm, Atrial Fibrillation, Inconclusive, Poor
   Algorithms                                                                                                Same                     Recording (for low quality or other reasons)              Recording (for low quality or other reasons)
              •   Heart Rate                                       •   Heart Rate
   Rhythm                 •   Atrial Fibrillation Sensitivity: 98.1%                 •   Atrial Fibrillation Sensitivity: 98.1%
  Classification                                                                                               Same
                 •   Sinus Rhythm Specificity: 100%                    •   Sinus Rhythm Specificity: 100%  Performance


               K230292                                                                       Page 5 of 7

Performance Data

As the on-demand ECG capability of the subject device has not been functionally changed since the
original clearance as Samsung ECG Monitor App (K201168), clinical, human factors, ECG database (IEC
60601-2-47), and ECG heart rate accuracy tests were not repeated.

The following clinical, usability, and bench testing were conducted, showing that the IHRN function of
the subject SaMD meets predetermined acceptance criteria to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the
previously cleared Apple Irregular Rhythm Notification device. No new safety issues were found during
this testing.

    •   Clinical Validation showing non-inferiority to the predicate in clinical performance in terms of
        o   Subject-level irregular rhythm notification accuracy, measured by sensitivity and
                 specificity
        o  Tachogram-level positive predictive value
    •  Human Factors Validation
    •  Bench Verification Testing covering potential confounder conditions
    •   Software Verification Testing
    •   Labeling Verification Testing

In addition, testing was performed on the platform, showing it meets all necessary specifications to
adequately host the subject SaMD. This included the following:

    •   Sensor Suite Testing
    •   Platform Interface Software Testing
    •   Platform Interface Hardware Testing
        o  General safety tests: Electrical safety, electromagnetic compatibility, radio frequency
                emissions, material safety for skin contact, thermal safety for skin contact tests
        o  Device robustness tests: Resistance to electrostatic discharge, water ingress and breakage
                  tests

Clinical Study

Our clinical validation testing results indicate that the PPG-based notification function of the
Samsung ECG Monitor App with IHRN Feature has substantially equivalent classification accuracy
compared to the predicate device. Classification accuracy is measured in sensitivity and specificity.

A total of 888 subjects were enrolled. All recruited subjects were at risk for AFib and had
experienced symptoms such as palpitations lasting at least several minutes or a feeling of their heart
beating quickly or irregularly while at rest. Subjects who did not have a previous diagnosis of AFib
had risk factors for AFib with a CHADS2 score ≥2 or CHADS2VASc score ≥3. Of all enrolled
subjects, 810 were included in the analyzable dataset for primary and secondary endpoints. All
subjects wore a reference ECG patch and the watch simultaneously for approximately seven days.
IHRN notifications were compared against clinician-adjudicated and cardiologist-reviewed patch
ECG data. Samsung IHRN Feature’s subject-level sensitivity is 68.0% (C.I. 60.5 – 75.5) and the
specificity is 98.8% (C.I. 98.0 – 99.6).

Since irregular rhythm notifications are aggregates of several PPG tachograms, tachogram
classification accuracy was also assessed during the study. 98 subjects who had an AFib episode(s)


K230292                                                                       Page 6 of 7

over the span of an hour and 101 subjects who had less than an hour of AFib or no AFib were
randomly selected by biostatisticians from all of the cardiologist-reviewed subjects. Up to 25 positive
tachograms with reference ECG data were randomly selected from these subjects. Two boardcertified cardiologists reviewed each reference ECG for annotation with a third cardiologist serving
as tie-breaker. Based on this data, Samsung IHRN Feature’s tachogram level positive predictive
value is 95.7% (C.I. 94.7 – 96.7).


Conclusion

The subject device and combined predicate devices have the same intended use, the same key
technological characteristics, and the same signal-acquisition capabilities. In clinical testing, the
Samsung IHRN Feature demonstrated that it is capable of substantially equivalent irregular rhythm
notification accuracy. Therefore, Samsung ECG Monitor App with Irregular Heart Rhythm
Notification Feature is substantially equivalent to the Apple Irregular Rhythm Notification Feature
(DEN180042) and the Samsung ECG Monitor App (K201168).


K230292                                                                       Page 7 of 7