April 17, 2023

Quantib BV
℅ Floor van Leeuwen
Quality & Regulatory Director
Westblaak 130
Rotterdam, Zuid-Holland 3012 KM
NETHERLANDS

Re: K230772
    Trade/Device Name: Quantib Prostate
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: March 20, 2023
    Received: March 21, 2023

Dear Floor van Leeuwen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 1
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K230772 - Floor van Leeuwen                                                          Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K230772

Device Name
Quantib Prostate


Indications for Use (Describe)

Quantib Prostate is image post-processing software that provides the user with processing,
visualization, and editing of prostate MRI images. The software facilitates the analysis and study
review of MR data sets and provides additional mathematical and/or statistical analysis. The
resulting analysis can be displayed in a variety of formats, including images overlaid onto
source MRI images.

Quantib Prostate functionality includes registered multiparametric-MRI viewing, with the option to
view images combined into a single image to support visualization. The software can be used
for semi-automatic segmentation of anatomical structures and provides volume computations,
together with tools for manual editing. PI-RADS scoring is possible using a structured workflow.

Quantib Prostate is intended to be used by trained medical professionals and provides
information that, in a clinical setting, may assist in the interpretation of prostate MR studies.
Diagnosis should not be made solely based on the analysis performed using Quantib Prostate.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K230772

Quantib Prostate
Special 510(k)
Summary


1  SUBMITTER

Quantib B.V.
Westblaak 130
3012 KM Rotterdam
Phone: (+31) 108 41 17 49

Contact Person: Floor van Leeuwen
Date Prepared: March 20th, 2023

2  DEVICE

Name of Device:              Quantib Prostate – version 3.0
Common or Usual Name:      Quantib Prostate
Classification Name:          System, image processing, radiology (892.2050)

Regulatory Class:                       II
Product Code:               Medical image management and processing system (former
                                Picture archiving and communication system) - LLZ

3  PREDICATE DEVICE

Device:                      Quantib Prostate – version 2.0
Manufacturer:                Quantib B.V.
510(k) Reg. No:             K221106 - This predicate has not been subject to a designrelated recall.

Classification Name:          System, image processing, radiology (892.2050)
Regulatory Class:                       II
Product Code:               Medical image management and processing system (former
                                Picture archiving and communication system) - LLZ

4  DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Quantib Prostate (QPR) is an extension to the Quantib AI Node (QBX) software platform that
enables analysis of prostate MRI scans. QPR makes use of QBX functionality, and includes 3
specific QPR modules.

The three specific modules of QPR are as follows:

    •  An automatic processing module that performs input checks, prostate (sub-region)
       segmentation, multi-parametric MRI (mpMRI) image registration, computation of a
        biparametric combination image, and optionally crops the images around the prostate.
    •  A two-step user-interaction module in which the user can:
         o   edit the computed prostate segmentation (QBX functionality) and determine
           PSA density (QPR-specific functionality).
         o  view multi-parametric MRI images (QBX functionality), and segment (QBX
                  functionality) and analyze potential lesions (QPR-specific functionality). This
               extension also shows the prostatic sub-region segmentation and biparametric
              combination image overlay. (QPR-specific functionality).
    •  An automatic processing module that collects all results, and creates the report and
     DICOM output so that they can be exported back to the user.

5   INDICATIONS FOR USE


 5.1  INDICATIONS FOR USE – QUANTIB PROSTATE VERSION 3.0 AND 2.0
Quantib Prostate is image post-processing software that provides the user with processing,
visualization, and editing of prostate MRI images. The software facilitates the analysis and study
review of MR data sets and provides additional mathematical and/or statistical analysis. The
resulting analysis can be displayed in a variety of formats, including images overlaid onto
source MRI images.

Quantib Prostate functionality includes registered multiparametric-MRI viewing, with the option to
view images combined into a single image to support visualization. The software can be used
for semi-automatic segmentation of anatomical structures and provides volume computations,
together with tools for manual editing. PI-RADS scoring is possible using a structured workflow.

Quantib Prostate is intended to be used by trained medical professionals and provides
information that, in a clinical setting, may assist in the interpretation of prostate MR studies.
Diagnosis should not be made solely based on the analysis performed using Quantib Prostate.


 5.2  INDICATIONS FOR USE COMPARISON
The intended use of the device is equivalent to the intended use of the previously cleared
predicate device [K221106]

6  DEVICE MODIFICATIONS

Quantib Prostate 3.0 is an update of Quantib Prostate 2.0 (the predicate device) that includes a
substantial change. The substantial difference is the following:

   1. Improved prostate and sub-region segmentation algorithm
      The prostate and sub-region segmentation algorithms have been improved by updating
        the methodology and training it on over 400 scans. In addition, the two algorithms have
      been combined into one algorithm.

7  COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The following technological characteristics are the same for Quantib Prostate 3.0 and its
predicate device Quantib Prostate 2.0:

    •   Indications for use
    •   Target users, anatomical site, and use environment
    •   Software Design
    •   Design control activities and recognized standards
    •   Required input, reported measures
    •  Deployment and compatibility with environment and other devices

The following technological characteristics are different:

    •  Human factors
        1) The user can now switch between user interaction steps when editing and
        2) the ROI drawing on the PI-RADS sketch is now initialized representing the ROI shape
      and size. This can be edited by the user.
    •   Algorithm Design and performance
      The algorithms for prostate segmentation and prostate subregion segmentation are
      combined into a single algorithm. This algorithm has been retrained and re-validated.
      The performance measures of prostate and subregion segmentation are updated
        correspondingly.
    •  Output files and formats
      3D segmentations of prostate including ROIs are generated and exported as secondary
        captures. Images of the 3D segmentations are added to the PDF report.


 7.1  QUALITY AND SAFETY
Quantib Prostate 3.0 was designed in compliance with the following US recognized consensus
standards:
    •  ISO 14971 – Medical devices - Application of risk management to medical devices
    •  IEC 62304 – Medical device software – Software life cycle processes
    •  IEC 62366 – Medical devices - Application of usability engineering to medical devices


The following quality assurance measures were applied to Quantib Prostate 3.0 development:
    •   Risk and hazard analysis
    •   Design reviews
    •   Unit level testing
    •   Integration testing
    •  System testing
    •   Performance testing
    •   Usability engineering
    •   Software verification & validation activities
    •   Cybersecurity and vulnerability analysis

7.2  PERFORMANCE DATA
The following performance tests are done for the combined prostate- subregion segmentation
algorithm:

Non-clinical performance testing

Bench testing of the software was done to show that the system is suitable for its intended use
and to evaluate the stand-alone performance of the sub-region segmentation algorithm. This
was done by comparing the automatic segmentations to their ground truth and calculating the
Dice overlap and Mean Surface Distance. To place the agreement between the automatic
method and the manual segmentation into context, the results are compared with the interobserver measurements using statistical tests. Bench testing did not reveal any issues with the
system, demonstrating that the modified device is as safe and effective as the predicate device.

Clinical performance testing


With the results from the non-clinical performance testing of the prostate segmentation algorithm
being at least as accurate as that of the predicate device, the semi-automatic clinical
performance test of the prostate segmentation has not been repeated. The clinical performance
test of the subregion segmentation and the ROI localization initiation as seen by the user in a
clinical context is conducted in a qualitative manner. Radiologists were asked to score the subregion segmentations and ROI initial localizations using a 5-point Likert scale. It is concluded
that sub-regions and ROI localizations are judged at least as accurate as the predicate device
was.


     7.2.1   Safety implications
The changes made in Quantib Prostate 3.0 do not affect the safety of the device.

8  CONCLUSIONS

By virtue of its intended use, design features, and technological characteristics, Quantib
Prostate 3.0 is substantially equivalent to a device that has been approved for marketing in the
United States. The performance data shows that Quantib Prostate 3.0 is as safe and effective as
the predicate device.