April 20, 2023
GE Healthcare Japan Corporation
℅ He Haibo
Regulatory Affairs Leader
7-127, 4-chome, Asahigaoka
Hino, Tokyo 191-8503
JAPAN

Re: K230807
    Trade/Device Name: Deep Learning Image Reconstruction
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed tomography x-ray system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: March 23, 2023
    Received: March 23, 2023

Dear He Haibo:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 4 . 2 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K230807 - He Haibo                                                                  Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                  Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices
                                          and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K230807

Device Name
Deep Learning Image Reconstruction


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software is a deep learning based reconstruction method intended to produce
cross-sectional images of the head and whole body by computer reconstruction of X-ray transmission data taken at
different angles and planes, including Axial, Helical (Volumetric), and Cardiac acquisitions, for all ages.

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software can be used for head, whole body, cardiac, and vascular CT applications.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

GE HealthCare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission - DLIR

 K230807      510(k) SUMMARY OF SAFETY AND EFFECTIVNESS

This 510(k) summary of Safety and Effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the
requirement of 21 CFR Part 807.92:

Date:                        April 20, 2023

Submitter:             GE Healthcare Japan Corporation
                           7-127, Asahigaoka, 4-chome
                             Hino-shi, Tokyo, 191-8503, Japan

Primary Contact:        He Haibo
                          Regulatory Affairs Leader
                        Phone: 86-010-5708-3413
                            Email: haibo.he1@ge.com


Secondary Contacts:       Helen Peng
                           Senior Regulatory Affairs Director
                        Phone: 1-262-424-8222
                            Email: hong.peng@med.ge.com

                          Laura Turner
                          Regulatory Affairs Manager
                        Phone: 1-262-200-1044
                            Email: laura.turner@ge.com


Subject Device Name:     Deep Learning Image Reconstruction

Device Classification        Class II

Regulation Number/      21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
Product Code:


Predicate Device Information

Device Name:           Deep Learning Image Reconstruction

Manufacturer:          GE Medical Systems, LLC

510(k) Number:          K213999 cleared on February 18, 2022

Regulation Number/      21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
Product Code:


                                         Page-1

GE HealthCare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission - DLIR


Reference Devices Information

Device Name:             ASiR-V

Manufacturer:          GE Medical Systems, LLC

510(k) Number:          K133640 cleared on March 25, 2014

Regulation Number/      21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
Product Code:


Device Name:           Deep Learning Image Reconstruction

Manufacturer:          GE Healthcare Japan Corporation

510(k) Number:          K212067 cleared on September 17, 2021

Regulation Number/      21 CFR 892.1750 Computed tomography x-ray system / JAK
Product Code:


Device Description

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction is an image reconstruction method that uses a dedicated Deep
Neural Network (DNN) that has been designed and trained specifically to generate CT Images to give an
image appearance, as shown on axial NPS plots, similar to traditional FBP images while maintaining the
performance of ASiR-V in the following areas: image noise (pixel standard deviation), low contrast
detectability, high-contrast spatial resolution, and streak artifact suppression.

The images produced are branded as “TrueFidelityTM CT Images”.  Reconstruction times with Deep
Learning Image Reconstruction support a normal throughput for routine CT.

The deep  learning technology  is  integrated  into the  scanner’s  existing raw data-based image
reconstruction chain to produce DICOM compatible “TrueFidelityTM CT Images”.

The system allows user selection of three strengths of Deep Learning Image Recon: Low, Medium or High.
The strength selection will vary with individual users’ preferences and experience for the specific clinical
need.

The DLIR algorithm was modified on the Revolution CT/Apex platform for improved reconstruction speed
and image quality and cleared in February 2022 with K213999. The same modified DLIR is now being
ported to Revolution EVO (K131576) /Revolution Maxima (K192686), Revolution Ascend (K203169,
K213938) and Discovery CT750 HD family CT systems including Discovery CT750 HD, Revolution Frontier
and Revolution Discovery CT (K120833).

Compared to the predicate device, the intended use and indications for use of Deep Learning Image
Reconstruction are identical.


                                         Page-2

GE HealthCare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission - DLIR


Intended Use

The Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software is intended for head, whole body, cardiac, and
vascular CT scans.

Indications for Use

The Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software is a deep-learning based reconstruction method
intended to produce cross-sectional images of the head and whole body by computer reconstruction of
X-ray transmission data taken at different angles and planes, including Axial, Helical (Volumetric), and
Cardiac acquisitions, for all ages.

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software can be used for head, whole body, cardiac, and
vascular CT applications.

Comparisons

The GEHC Deep Learning Image Reconstruction (DLIR) option for Revolution EVO/Revolution Maxima,
Revolution Ascend and Discovery CT750 HD family CT systems is substantially equivalent to the predicate
device K213999 for Revolution CT/Apex platform. The fundamental technology, i.e., the DLIR algorithm,
remains unchanged from the  predicate. The  table below summarizes the substantive  feature/
technological similarities and differences between the predicate device and the proposed device.

 Specification/        Predicate Device                     Proposed Device
 Attribute                  Deep Learning Image Reconstruction    Deep Learning Image
                     (K213999)                              Reconstruction

 Technology          DLIR uses a dedicated Deep Neural     Same
                    Network (DNN) which is trained on the
                   CT scanner and therefore models the
                      propagation of noise through the
                     system to identify and remove the
                       noise

 System statistics -     Characterization of the photon        Same
 Noise modeling of      statistics as it propagates through the
 the data collection    preprocessing and calibration imaging
 imaging chain         chain
 (photon noise and
 electronic noise)

 System statistics –    DLIR uses a trained DNN which models   Same
 Noise characteristics  the scanned object using information
 of the reconstructed  obtained from extensive phantom and
 images                   clinical data to identify the noise
                         characteristics and remove it


                                         Page-3

GE HealthCare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission - DLIR


 Specification/        Predicate Device                     Proposed Device
 Attribute                  Deep Learning Image Reconstruction    Deep Learning Image
                     (K213999)                              Reconstruction

 Clinical Workflow      Select recon type and strength (Low,    Same
                   Medium, High).

 Reference            Using the same reference protocols      Using the same reference protocols
 protocols/dose       provided on the Revolution CT/Apex     provided on the Revolution EVO,
                      platform systems for ASiR-V             Revolution Maxima, Revolution
                                                      Ascend and Discovery CT750 HD
                                                               family systems for ASiR-V

 Deployment       On CT Console                   On CT Console
 Environment                                            On GE’s Edison Platform.


The subject device Deep Learning Image Reconstruction does not introduce any additional risks/hazards,
warnings, or limitations.


Determination of Substantial Equivalence

Summary of Non-Clinical Testing

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction has successfully completed the design control testing per our quality
system. No additional hazards were identified, and no unexpected test results were observed. Deep
Learning Image Reconstruction was designed under the Quality System Regulations of 21CFR 820 and ISO
13485. GEHC believes that the extensive bench testing is sufficient for FDA’s substantial equivalence
determination.

The following quality assurance measures have been applied to the development of the system:

       •  Requirement Definition
       •   Risk Analysis and Control
       •   Technical Design Reviews
       •  Formal Design Reviews
       •  Software Development Lifecycle
           o  Code Review
           o  Software Unit Implementation
           o  Software Integrations and Integration Testing
       •  System Testing
           o  Safety Testing (Verification)
           o  Image Performance Testing (Verification)
           o  Simulating Use Testing (Validation)
       •  Software Release


                                         Page-4

GE HealthCare
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission - DLIR


The testing and results did not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness than associated with
predicate device. We consider the proposed device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device,
DLIR for Revolution CT/Apex platform systems.

The substantial equivalence is also based on the software documentation for a “Moderate” level of
concern.

Engineering bench testing was also performed to support substantial equivalence and the product
performance claims. The evaluation and analysis used the same test methodologies and acceptance
criteria with the identical raw datasets obtained on GEHC’s Revolution EVO, Revolution Ascend,
Revolution Frontier and Discovery CT750 HD systems and then applying the Deep Learning Image
Reconstruction or ASiR-V reconstruction (hence the dose (CTDlvol) is identical for both). The resultant
images were then compared for:
    •  Low Contrast Detectability (LCD)
    •  Image Noise (pixel standard deviation)
    •   High-Contrast Spatial Resolution (MTF)
    •   Streak Artifact Suppression
    •   Spatial Resolution, longitudinal (FWHM slice sensitivity profile)
    •   Noise Power Spectrum (NPS) and Standard Deviation of noise
    •  CT Number Uniformity
    •  CT Number Accuracy
    •   Contrast to Noise (CNR) ratio
    •   Artifact analysis – metal objects, unintended motion, truncation
    •   Pediatric Phantom IQ Performance Evaluation
    •  Low Dose Lung Cancer Screening Protocol IQ Performance Evaluation


Substantial Equivalence

Deep Learning Image Reconstruction for Revolution EVO/Revolution Maxima, Revolution Ascend and
Discovery CT750 HD family was developed under GEHC Healthcare’s quality system. The changes
associated with Deep Learning Image Reconstruction (DLIR) do not change the Intended Use from the
predicate, and represent equivalent technology characteristics, with no impact on control mechanism,
operating principle, and energy type. Design verification, along with bench testing provided in this
submission demonstrates that the Deep Learning Image Reconstruction (DLIR) met all of its design
requirement and performance criteria. GEHC’s quality system’s design, verification, and risk management
processes did not identify any additional hazards, unexpected results, or adverse effects stemming from
the changes to the predicate.

GE HealthCare believes that Deep Learning Image Reconstruction software is substantially equivalent to
the legally marketed predicate device and hence is safe and effective for its intended use.


                                         Page-5