December 20, 2023


Enhatch, Inc.
Monica Williams
QA/RA Manager
226 Boulevard
Hasbrouck Heights, New Jersey 07604


Re: K230850
    Trade/Device Name: United Orthopedic Knee Patient Specific Instrumentation
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 888.3560
    Regulation Name: Knee Joint Patellofemorotibial Polymer/Metal/Polymer Semi-Constrained Cemented
                        Prosthesis
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: OOG, PBF, LLZ
    Dated: March 24, 2023
    Received: March 28, 2023

Dear Monica Williams:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K230850 - Monica Williams                                                           Page  2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

K230850 - Monica Williams                                                           Page  3


                                                Sincerely,
                              Lixin Liu -S

                                             Lixin Liu, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT6A: Division of Joint Arthroplasty Devices
                                  OHT6: Office of Orthopedic Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                          Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                 Expiration Date: 06/3012023
                   Indications for Use                         See PRA Statement below.
51 0(kJ Number (if known)
K230850

Device Name
United Orthopedic Knee Patient Specific Instrumentation


Indications for Use (Describe)
The United Orthopedic Knee Patient Specific Instrumentation is indicated as an orthopedic instrument system to assist in
the positioning of compatible total knee arthroplasty systems. It is comprised of surgical planning software (Intelligent
Surgery Knee CT Segmentation Engine/Knee X-ray Segmentation Engine, and Implant Recognition Engine) intended to
preoperatively plan the surgical placement of the United Orthopedics Knee implants on the basis of provided patient
radiological images and 3D reconstructions of bones with identifiable anatomical landmarks, and surgical instrument
components that include patient specific or customized guides fabricated on the basis of the surgical plan to precisely
reference the placement of the implant components intra-operatively per the surgical plan. The United Orthopedic Knee
Patient Specific Instrumentation is indicated for patients without severe bone deformities, such as a HKA greater than 15°
or deformities due to prior fracture of the distal femur or proximal tibia.

The instruments are intended for use with the U2 Total Knee System when the clinical evaluation complies with its
evaluation complies with its cleared indications for use. The instruments are intended for single use only.


Type of Use (Select one or bath, as applicable)
                      [><J Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart DJ   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart CJ

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.•
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                     Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRAJ Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             'An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a parson is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  infonnation unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                            Page 1 of 1                                                           PSCPublismJcSoMCll1(301)443-6740   EF


                                                 Section 4 Page 10 of 22

K230850 page 1 of 8


510(k) Summary


    1. INTRODUCTION

       This document contains the 510(k) summary for the United Orthopedic Knee Patient
       Specific Instrumentation. The content of this summary is based on the requirements of
      21 CFR 807.92.

    2. SUBMITTER

      Name:                        Enhatch, Inc.

       Address:                   226 Boulevard
                                  Hasbrouck Heights, NJ 07604
                                   Phone: (201) 771-2034

        Official Correspondent:       Monica Williams
                          QA/RA Manager

       Date Prepared:             November 20, 2023

    3. DEVICE
       Trade Name:                 United Orthopedic Knee Patient Specific Instrumentation

       Regulation Number:          21 CFR 888.3560

       Regulation Name:           Knee joint patellofemorotibial polymer/metal/polymer semiconstrained cemented prosthesis

       Regulatory Class:              Class II

       Product Code:            OOG, PBF, LLZ

    4. PREDICATE DEVICES

       Primary predicate device:
       •  X-PSI Knee System, Orthosoft (K171269)

      Secondary predicate devices:
       •  VSP Orthopedics System, 3D Systems (K211244)
       •  United Orthopedic Corporation U2 Total Knee System (K051640)

K230850 page 2 of 8


5. DESCRIPTION OF THE DEVICE

   The United Orthopedic Knee Patient Specific Instrumentation is comprised of: United
   Orthopedics (UO) surgical guides (hardware), anatomical models (physical replica),
    Intelligent Surgery Knee CT Segmentation Engine / Intelligent Surgery Knee X-ray
   Segmentation Engine (software), and Intelligent Surgery Knee Implant Recognition
   Engine (software). Enhatch is responsible for design and development of all three
   components of the system.

   The subject device is intended to facilitate the implantation of the U2 Knee protheses
   under the U2 Knee System developed and distributed by United Orthopedics
    Corporation: U2 Total Knee System.

   [THE SOFTWARE]

   The Intelligent Surgery Knee Segmentation Engine consists of two imaging modalities,
  CT (Knee CT Segmentation) and X-ray (Knee X-ray Segmentation). The Intelligent
   Surgery Knee CT Segmentation Engine and X-ray Segmentation Engine are web
    applications that use deep learning algorithms to detect and extract region of interest
   (ROI) information (femur and tibia) from medical imaging data (DICOM). The
   segmentation engines generate 3D models which can be used for treatment planning of
    Total Knee Arthroplasty (TKA), design of surgical guides, or generation of 3D printed
   anatomical models.

   The Intelligent Surgery Knee Implant Recognition Engine is a web application that uses
   an optimization algorithm as a treatment planning tool for total knee arthroplasty. It
    assists in selecting implant size and position, from a range of implants of a total knee
   implant system, using a range of run parameters based upon the TKA surgical technique
    of that system. The software identifies anatomical landmarks of the patient’s bony
   anatomy and articular surface topographies to reference the position and alignment of the
   femoral and tibial implant components. This positioning and alignment in turn allows for
   design of surgical guides and of the United Orthopedic Knee Patient Specific
   Instrumentation.

   Note, these algorithms are static and non-adaptive; they do not alter their behavior over
   time based on user input.

   [THE HARDWARE]

   The UO surgical guides and anatomical models are patient-specific instruments designed
    to facilitate the implantation of the United Orthopedics Knee protheses. The UO surgical
   guides are designed based on preoperative plan generated by the software Intelligent
   Surgery Knee Implant Recognition Engine.

K230850 page 3 of 8

6. INDICATIONS FOR USE
   The United Orthopedic Knee Patient Specific Instrumentation is indicated as an
    orthopedic instrument system to assist in the positioning of compatible total knee
    arthroplasty systems. It is comprised of surgical planning software (Intelligent Surgery
   Knee CT Segmentation Engine/Knee X-ray Segmentation Engine, and Implant
   Recognition Engine) intended to preoperatively plan the surgical placement of the United
   Orthopedics Knee implants on the basis of provided patient radiological images and 3D
    reconstructions of bones with identifiable anatomical landmarks, and surgical instrument
   components that include patient specific or customized guides fabricated on the basis of
    the surgical plan to precisely reference the placement of the implant components intraoperatively per the surgical plan. The United Orthopedic Knee Patient Specific
    Instrumentation is indicated for patients without severe bone deformities, such as a HKA
    greater than 15° or deformities due to prior fracture of the distal femur or proximal tibia.
   The instruments are intended for use with the U2 Total Knee System when the clinical
    evaluation complies with its cleared indications for use. The instruments are intended for
    single use only.

7. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE
  PREDICATE DEVICE

   The technical features of United Orthopedic Knee Patient Specific Instrumentation are

    substantially equivalent to the primary predicate, Orthosoft X-PSI Knee System
   (K171269), and secondary predicate devices, 3D Systems VSP Orthopedics System
   (K211244) and United Orthopedic Corporation U2 Total Knee System (K051640).
   The subject device has similar indications for use as compared to the predicates. At a
   high level, the subject and predicate devices are based on the following same

    technological elements:
   •  Includes software as a medical device component
   •  Image transfer and manipulation via software to be used for 3D printing of anatomical
      models and guides for surgical planning
   •   Visualization of radiological images (CT and X-ray), image segmentation, and 3D
       reconstruction of bones
   •  Display and measurement evaluations of anatomical landmarks that must be viewed,
       accepted, or rejected by a clinician
   •  For use by prespecified clinical users

   The following technological differences exists between the subject and predicate devices:

K230850 page 4 of 8


               •   Internal facing versus external user interface, United Orthopedic Knee Patient
                     Specific Instrumentation software follows a SaaS preoperative planning workflow
                  where Enhatch technicians interface directly with the software and provide end user
                    outputs
               •  Segmentation edge detection versus manual outlining of patient contours, United
                   Orthopedic Knee Patient Specific Instrumentation has the ability to semiautomatically identify bony contours for the alignment of the final algorithmic model
                    using deep learning algorithms whereas predicate device
               •  Implant sizing / placement with an optimization algorithm versus manual user
                      controls, United Orthopedic Knee Patient Specific Instrumentation does not allow
                  end user to perform measurements in software but uses an optimization algorithm to
                     find the approximate location of implant size / position approved by surgeon via a
                     preoperative plan

        The following table provides details of the United Orthopedic Knee Patient
          Specific Instrumentation as compared to the primary and secondary predicates.


          Table – Comparison Summary
                                                                                   Predicate Device:                                       Primary                    Subject Device:                           Predicate Device:
                                             Predicate:                           United Orthopedic Technological    United Orthopedic                   3D Systems VSP
                                        Orthosoft X-PSI                          Corporation U2        Comparison
Characteristics  Knee Patient Specific                     Orthopedics System
                                   Knee System                            Total Knee System
                   Instrumentation                           (K211244)                                        (K171269)                                                                               (K051640)
               The United           The X-PSI Knee    The VSP®            This device is
                 Orthopedic Knee       System is indicated   Orthopedics System    indicated in knee
                  Patient Specific          as an orthopedic       is intended to be used   arthroplasty for
                                          instrument system                                                           Substantially                 Instrumentation is                            as a surgical            reduction or relief of
                                               to assist in the                                                           Equivalent                   indicated as an                               instrument to assist in   pain and/or improved
                                            positioning of knee
                  orthopedic instrument                         preoperative planning  knee function in                                         replacement                                                        All fundamental aspects
                 system to assist in the    components. It       and/or in guiding the    skeletally mature         of the indications for
                   positioning of           involves surgical    marking of bone        patients with severe      use are the same (e.g.
                 compatible total knee    planning software    and/or in guiding      knee pain and                                                                                                                            visualization of
                   arthroplasty systems. It  used pre-             surgical instruments     disability due to                                                                                                                      radiological images, 3D                                            operatively to plan                       is comprised of                                  in non-acute, non-      rheumatoid arthritis,                                                                                                                   reconstruction of bones                                            the surgical
                   surgical planning                                  joint replacing           osteoarthritis,                                       placement of the                                               and includes tools to
                  software (Intelligent                          osteotomies for adult   primary and                                     components on the                                             improve visualization,
                 Surgery Knee CT        basis of provided     patients in the distal    secondary traumatic       positioning of kneeIndications for
                 Segmentation             patient radiological   femur, tibia, and non-    arthritis, polyarthritis,  Use (IFU)                                                                                                   replacement
                Engine/Knee X-ray      images and 3-D     sacrum pelvis.          collagen disorders,                                                                                                       components, use of
                 Segmentation Engine,    reconstructed                                avascular necrosis of                                                                                                                                clinical judgement, use                                       bones with                and Implant                                                            the femoral condyle                                               identifiable                                                       with fixed bearing knee
                 Recognition Engine)                                                  or pseudogout,                                       placement                                                         replacement systems)
                  intended to                                                           posttraumatic loss of                                         anatomical
                  preoperatively plan the   landmarks, and                                   joint configuration,
                   surgical placement of     surgical instrument                             particularly when

K230850 page 5 of 8


                 the United             components that                               there is
                Orthopedics Knee       include patient                               patellofemoral
                                             specific or                implants on the basis                                                    erosion, dysfunction
                                      customized guides                 of provided patient                                                    or prior patellectomy,
                                            fabricated on the
                  radiological images                                              moderate valgus,                                            basis of the
               and 3D reconstructions   surgical plan to                               varus, or flexion
                 of bones with            precisely reference                            deformities. This
                   identifiable anatomical   the placement of                            device may also be
                landmarks, and           the                                           indicated in the
                                        implant                  surgical instrument                                                  salvage of previously
                                    components intracomponents that                                                            failed surgical
                                           operatively per the
                 include patient specific                                               attempts if the knee                                            surgical plan. The
                 or customized guides    X-PSI Knee                              can be satisfactorily
                  fabricated on the basis   system is indicated                         balanced and
                 of the surgical plan to    for patients without                             stabilized at the time
                  precisely reference the   severe bone                                  of surgery. This
                                            deformities, such               placement of the                                                    device system is
                                          as a HKA greater
                implant components                                                designed for                                         than 15° or
                  intra-operatively per                                            cemented use only.                                          deformities due to
                 the surgical plan. The    prior fracture of the
                United Orthopedic        distal femur or
             Knee Patient Specific    proximal tibia.
                 Instrumentation is
                                  The X-PSI Knee                 indicated for patients
                                    System is to be
                without severe bone                                      used with the
                  deformities, such as a    following fixed
          HKA greater than 15°    bearing knee
                 or deformities due to     replacement
                  prior fracture of the      systems in
                                       accordance with                    distal femur or
                                                their indications
                proximal tibia.
                                    and
                                            contraindications:
              The instruments are    NexGen® CR,
                intended for use with   NexGen CR-Flex,
                 the U2 Total Knee     NexGen CR-Flex
              System when the        Gender, NexGen
                                    LPS, NexGen LPS-                   clinical evaluation
                                           Flex, NexGen
                complies with its                                     LPS-Flex Gender,
                 cleared indications for                                    Persona® CR,
                  use. The instruments     Persona PS,
                 are intended for single   Vanguard® CR
                use only.              and Vanguard PS.
                                  The patient
                                             specific guide
                                    components are
                                         intended for singleuse only.
Device Class                                            Class II                                        Same
Device Code     OOG, PBF, LLZ    OOG, JWH, MBH,        PBF            JWH                 Substantially

K230850 page 6 of 8


                                  LLZ                                                             Equivalent
                                              Patients without
   Patient                                                                                   Skeletally mature           Substantially
                    Adult patients           severe bone         Adult patients
 Population                                                                                        patients               Equivalent
                                              deformities
 End User                            Prespecified clinical users (orthopedic surgeons)                              Equivalent
   Image                                                                                                               Substantially
                   CT, X-ray              X-ray            CT               N/A
  Modality                                                                                                      Equivalent
                                        Image        Image segmentation,
                                           segmentation,       dimensioning of
               Image segmentation,                                                                                                                          Substantially                                              implant                  digital
                 implant predictability,                                                                            Equivalent
                                                  predictability,        representations of
  Software        dimensioning of
                                        dimensioning of    models, generation of        N/A            Software processing Processing      digital representations
                                                       digital                PSI                                          functionality is                  of models, generation
                                            representations of                                                            consistent                         of PSI
                                       models, generation
                                                of PSI
                                          Provides tool to       Provides tool to
                                         improve             improve
                    Provides tool to
                                                 visualization,           visualization,                                                                                                                          Substantially               improve visualization,
                                             generate 3D       generate 3D models                                 Equivalent
                  generate 3D models
Preoperative                            models and
                and perform model                                           N/A           Subject device tools for  Planning                              perform model
                  measurements to                                                                            preoperative planning                                      measurements to
                   choose, size, and                                                                                  are consistent                                          choose, size, and
                   position the implant
                                               position the
                                              implant
                                                                      Patient specific
                                              Patient specific
                      Patient specific                            anatomical models,
                                        anatomical models
                anatomical models and                         templates, and guides                                                                                                                          Substantially                                        and guides
                    guides (physical                              (physical outputs);                                  Equivalent
                                           (physical outputs);
  Output        outputs); and patient                       and patient specific         N/A
                                    and patient specific                                               Device outputs are                   specific surgical plans                            surgical plans and
                                             surgical plans and                                                            consistent                  and digital files                                digital files (digital or
                                                digital files (digital
                        (digital outputs)                            documentation
                                                outputs)
                                                                       outputs)

K230850 page 7 of 8


8. SUMMARY OF PERFORMANCE TESTING

    Safety and performance of United Orthopedic Knee Patient Specific Instrumentation
   has been evaluated and verified in accordance with software specifications and applicable
   performance standards through Software Development and Verification & Validation
   Procedures (ISO 14971, IEC 62304:2006 & A1:2016), User Requirements, and Federal
   Regulations and Guidance documents, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket
   Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices” and “FDA Guidance on
   Content of Premarket Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical
   Devices.” The software contained in this device is considered to be of “moderate level of
    concern,” since a failure or latent design flaw could lead to an erroneous diagnosis or a
   delay in delivery of appropriate medical care that would likely lead to Minor Injury.

   United Orthopedic Knee Patient Specific Instrumentation has been evaluated through
    the following non-clinical testing:

   •  Segmentation System Testing
       o  This testing was performed to verify and validate the accuracy of the software
              generated segmentation masks for CT and X-ray based DICOM data. The
              device passed the acceptance criteria and demonstrated satisfactory
             performance per the intended use.

   •  Model Verification Testing
       o  This testing was performed to verify and validate the accuracy of the software
              generated 3-dimensional models from CT and X-ray based DICOM data. The
              device passed the acceptance criteria and demonstrated satisfactory
             performance per the intended use.

   •  Software System Testing
       o  This testing was performed to verify and validate the accuracy of landmark
               detection, system usage and accuracy. All specimens were within the bounds
              of the acceptance criteria. The resulting output measurements from the system
            were within the bounds of the input parameters (input values produced
              expected output values). The device passed the acceptance criteria and
             demonstrated satisfactory performance per the intended use.

   •  Guide Wear Testing
       o  This testing was performed to verify and validate the amount of wear debris
              generated from use of the surgical guides. The device passed the acceptance
                 criteria of average weight loss and demonstrated satisfactory performance per
               the intended use.

K230850 page 8 of 8


       •  System Verification and Validation Test
           o  This testing was performed to verify and validate the amount overall system
                  performance in terms of system usage, and accuracy. Full use simulations tests using
                  cadaver specimens were performed by multiple surgeons to verify and validate the
                     overall system performance. The results demonstrated satisfactory performance per
                    the intended use as in the predicate

       In conclusion, United Orthopedic Knee Patient Specific Instrumentation performance
        testing has demonstrated the subject device’s safety and effectiveness and meets its
       intended use statement.


CONCLUSION


      The result of the comparison of the intended use/indications and technological
        characteristics of United Orthopedic Knee Patient Specific Instrumentation as
      compared to the primary predicate and secondary predicates demonstrate that United
       Orthopedic Knee Patient Specific Instrumentation is substantially equivalent to the
      chosen predicate devices. Additionally, the results of testing demonstrate that United
       Orthopedic Knee Patient Specific Instrumentation is as safe and effective as the
       predicate device and does not raise different questions relating to safety and/or
        effectiveness.