Exo Inc.
℅ Jacqueline Murray
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
4201 Burton Drive
SANTA CLARA CA 95054

Re: K230497                                                      June 22, 2023
    Trade/Device Name: Bladder AI (AIBV01)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: April 18, 2023
    Received: May 18, 2023

Dear Jacqueline Murray:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K230497 - Jacqueline Murray                                                           Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K230497
Device Name
Bladder Al (AIBV01)
Indications for Use (Describe)
Bladder Al uses machine-learning techniques to aid in the quantification of bladder volume from
ultrasound images. The device is intended to be used on images of patients aged two years or older.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) oO Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

510(k) Summary- Bladder AI
                                K230497
                  510(k) Summary

 General Information

510(k) Sponsor           Exo Imaging
Address                 4201 Burton Drive
                          Santa Clara, CA 95054
Correspondence Person    Jacqueline Murray

Contact Information        jmurray@exo.inc
                                  Cell: +236 838-5056
Date Prepared             February 23, 2023

 Proposed Device

Proprietary Name           Bladder AI (AIBV01)
Common Name           Exo Bladder AI
Classification Name       Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Regulation Number        21 CFR 892.2050
Product Code            QIH
Regulatory Class                    II

 Predicate Device

Proprietary Name         MEDO-Thyroid
Premarket Notification     K203502
Classification Name       Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Regulation Number        21 CFR 892.2050
Product Code            QIH
Regulatory Class                    II

 Reference Device

Proprietary Name          LVivo Bladder
Premarket Notification     K200232
Classification Name       Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Regulation Number        21 CFR 892.2050
Product Code            QIH
Regulatory Class                    II


                                                                   Page 1 of 5

510(k) Summary- Bladder AI


Device Description

     Bladder AI is a standalone software as a medical device (SaMD) that helps qualified users with
     image-based assessment of bladder ultrasound images in patients aged 2 or older. It is designed
      to simplify workflow by helping trained healthcare providers evaluate, quantify, and generate
      reports for bladder ultrasound images.

     Bladder AI takes as an input imported Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)
     images from ultrasound scanners and allows users to measure bladder volumes of a single frame
     and multi-frame ultrasound images, as well as create and finalize examination reports. It provides
      users with a specific toolset for viewing ultrasound images of the bladder, placing landmarks, and
      creating reports.

     Key features of the software are
      ●  ML-based semi-automatic landmark placements
      ●  Bladder dimension and volume measurements
      ●  Report generation

      Training and validation datasets have been selected and maintained to be appropriately
     independent of one another. All potential sources of dependence, including patient and site
      factors, have been considered and addressed to assure independence.


Indications for Use

     Bladder AI uses machine-learning techniques to aid in the quantification of bladder volume from
      ultrasound images. The device is intended to be used on images of patients aged two years or
       older.


 Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

     Feature/          Subject Device          Predicate Device        Reference Device
     Function        Bladder AI (K230497)    MEDO-Thyroid (K203502)  LVivo Bladder (K200232)
                 Complies with DICOM     Complies with DICOM     Complies with DICOM
Image input
                  Standard                 Standard                Standard


                                                                     Page 2 of 5

510(k) Summary- Bladder AI


     Feature/          Subject Device          Predicate Device        Reference Device
     Function        Bladder AI (K230497)    MEDO-Thyroid (K203502)  LVivo Bladder (K200232)
                    Single and Multi-frame      Single and Multi-frame
Scan type                                                               Single-frame images
                 images                  images
Image display
                     Static                        Static                       Static
mode
Image navigation
                       Slice-scroll, pane layout,     Slice-scroll, pane layout,    Slice-scroll, pane layout,
and manipulation
                     reset                        reset                       reset
tools
                    Yes, capable of reviewing all Yes, capable of reviewing
                                                                          Yes, capable of reviewing
Image review      frames of multi-frame          all frames of multi-frame
                                                                images
                       (multi-slice) images           (multi-slice) images
Manual landmark
                 Yes                     Yes                     Yes
placement
Semi-automatic
landmark          Yes, user-modifiable        Yes, user-modifiable       Yes, user-modifiable
placement

Quantitative
                    Distance, Volume           Distance, Volume          Distance, Volume
analysis


Report creation    Yes                     Yes                     Yes

Display Calipers   Yes                     Yes                     Yes

                   Transverse and Sagittal     Transverse and Sagittal    Transverse and Sagittal
Frame
                 Views                   Views                   Views

             Web browser (Google     Web browser (Google    Web browser (Google
Operating System
                 Chrome)                 Chrome)                Chrome) and Android

                Image segmentation for    Image segmentation for   Image segmentation for
Algorithm
                  border detection           border detection          border detection


Performance Data

        Safety and performance of Bladder AI have been evaluated and verified in accordance with
        software specifications and applicable performance standards through software verification and
        validation testing. Additionally, the software validation activities were performed in accordance
        with IEC 62304:2006/AC:2015 - Medical device software – Software life cycle processes, FDA
       Guidance (May 2005), “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software
       Contained  in Medical Devices” and FDA Guidance (June 2022)  “Technical performance
       assessment of quantitative imaging in radiological device premarket submissions”.


                                                                     Page 3 of 5

510(k) Summary- Bladder AI


Validation Performance testing

The clinical performance on Bladder AI was successfully evaluated on 122 subjects, on images acquired
from cart-based and portable ultrasound devices (with frequency ranging from 1.3 to 9 MHz) and on
bladder volumes ranging between 11 to 645 mL.

A diverse collection of clinical sites in metropolitan cities contributed to the test data, encompassing a
broad range of demographic variables. These variables included ethnicity, gender, as well as age,
spanning from 2 to 95 years old.

The test data was entirely separated from the training/validation datasets and was not used for any part
of the training. To ensure data separation and generalizability, the data sources used in the test set are
chosen to be different from the data sources used in the training set. We also established auditability
measures, by assigning a unique identification number to each study and its corresponding images.

The ground truth for bladder volume (reference data) was obtained as the average bladder volume
measurement among three expert clinicians. Performance was assessed by calculating the intraclass
correlation coefficient (ICC) and 2-sided 95% Confidence Interval of the Bladder Volume error. The
measurement accuracy and reliability of Bladder AI compared with this reference data is summarized in
Table 1.


                                                                     Page 4 of 5

510(k) Summary- Bladder AI


               Table 1: Summary of Bladder AI measurement accuracy and reliability.

                                   Accuracy                         Reliability
                           Mean volume difference      Intraclass correlation coefficient
                                         (Limits of Agreement)                     (ICC)
         Bladder volume,
                               2 mL (LoA: -42 to 46)                   0.98
            Dual-View1
         Bladder volume,
                               3 mL (LoA: -49 to 55)                   0.97
            Single-View2


The results demonstrated that the algorithm performance is reliable and accurate compared to expert
clinician. Additionally, the evaluation concluded that the algorithm's performance was consistent among
clinically meaningful subgroups: age, gender, BMI and device manufacturers. Overall, the results support
the generalizability of the Bladder AI across the intended patient population.


Conclusions

Exo’s Bladder AI is substantially equivalent in intended use, design, principles of operation, technological
characteristics, and safety features to the predicate device. There are no different questions of safety
and/or effectiveness introduced by Bladder AI when used as intended.


1 Dual-View bladder volume is calculated from both transverse and sagittal views.
2 Single-View bladder volume is calculated from only one view.


                                                                     Page 5 of 5