AIRS Medical Inc.                                                                October 27, 2023
℅ Jihyeon Seo
Head of RA
13-14F, Keungil Tower, 223, Teheran-ro, Gangnam-gu
Seoul, 06142, Republic of Korea

Re: K230854
    Trade/Device Name: SwiftMR
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: September 28, 2023
    Received: September 28, 2023

Dear Jihyeon Seo:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K230854 - Jihyeon Seo                                                                Page 2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                                                     for
                                            Daniel Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K230854

Device Name
SwiftMR


Indications for Use (Describe)
SwiftMR is a stand-alone software solution intended to be used for acceptance, enhancement and transfer of all body parts
MR images in DICOM format. It can be used for noise reduction and increasing image sharpness for MR images.
SwiftMR is not intended for use on mobile devices.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K230854
                             510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary of safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with
the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

I. SUBMITTER
       Mrs. Jihyeon Seo
      Head of RA
      AIRS Medical Inc.
       13-14F, Keungil Tower, 223, Teheran-ro, Gangnam-gu,
        Seoul, 06142, Republic of Korea
       Phone: +82-70-7777-3186
       FAX: +82-2-6280-3185
        Email: seo.kate@airsmed.com

       Date Prepared: March 28, 2023

II. DEVICE
     Name of Device: SwiftMR
     Common or Usual Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System
        Classification Name: system, image processing, radiological (21 CFR 892.2050)
       Regulatory Class: II
       Product Code: LLZ

III. PREDICATE DEVICE
       Primary Predicate Device: SwiftMR – K220416 by AIRS Medical, Inc., Class II,
     CFR 892.2050, classification with product code LLZ.

IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION
       SwiftMR, is software used as a Medical Device (SaMD) consisting of a software
       algorithm  that enhances images taken by MRI scanners. The device only
      processes DICOM images for the end User and is intended to be used by radiology
       technologists in an imaging center, clinic, or hospital.
      The device’s inputs are MRI images in DICOM format. The deep learning algorithm
      produces enhanced images as outputs  with reduced noise and increased
      sharpness in DICOM format. The deep learning algorithm performs noise reduction
       with the ability of adjusting the denoising level from level 0 to level 8, and
       sharpening filter performs the sharpening function with the ability of adjusting the
      sharpness level from level 0 to level 5.
      SwiftMR provides an automatic image quality enhancement function for MR
      images acquired  in  various environments. SwiftMR can  only be used  for
       professional purposes and is not intended for use on mobile devices.
      SwiftMR ’s automation procedure is as follows:
           •  Receive MR images that are in DICOM format from PACS or from MRI
           •  Image quality enhancement using Deep Learning model and sharpening
                     filter
           •   Transfer enhanced MR image as DICOM format to PACS or to MRI
      There is one deep learning model that can be applied to images from any MRIs
       with field strength of 0.25T, 0.6T, 1.5T, 3.0T. After integration with the facilities
     PACS, SwiftMR performs image processing in the background automatically. At


                                                                           Page 1

510(k) Summary

       the same time, SwiftMR allows logged-in users to use its functions and view the
       processing status. When logged in as the System Admin, the function is available
        to the control automation procedure and system change settings. On the User side,
       the User can retrieve the results of image processing in the form of a worklist by
        login to the user account.
      The software provides three main functions, which are image processing, quality
      check and progress monitoring.
      The software is intended to run automatically in the background so that it does not
        interrupt the workflow of users. When the user executes MR scans as he/she usually
       does, the newly acquired images are automatically uploaded to the server and
       registered in the database (DB) for image processing. Once image processing is
       complete, the images are sent to PACS or to MR device.
            If the user wishes to monitor this automated workflow to check on the status of image
       processing, he/she can check the main page of the client application or toast
      messages will appear on the bottom right corner upon completion of each processing.
        After using the software, they should log out for security reasons.
     A settings menu is provided in the form of a user interface to enable system admin
        to modify software settings as required by the institution or respective user.

V. INDICATIONS FOR USE

      SwiftMR is a stand-alone software solution intended to be used for acceptance,
      enhancement and transfer of all body parts MR images in DICOM format. It can
      be used for noise reduction and increasing image sharpness for MR images.

      SwiftMR is not intended for use on mobile devices.

VI. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE
DEVICES

      The subject device and the predicate device are substantially equivalent in the
       areas of general function, application, and intended use.

      Any differences between the predicate and the subject device have no negative
       impact on the device safety or efficacy and does not raise any new potential or
       increased safety risks and is equivalent in performance to existing legally marketed
       devices.


                       Predicate Device        Subject Device        Item                                                                  Differences                    (SwiftMR (K220416))         (SwiftMR)
   Physical          Software device that    Same as predicate     No Difference
    Characteristics    operates on off-theshelf computer
                   hardware
   Computer      PC Compatible        Same as predicate     No Difference
  DICOM         The software processes  Same as predicate     No Difference
   Standard        DICOM-compliant
                   image data   Compliance


                                                                           Page 2

510(k) Summary

                       Predicate Device        Subject Device        Item                                                                  Differences                    (SwiftMR (K220416))         (SwiftMR)
    Modalities       MRI               Same as predicate     No Difference

   Image           SwiftMR implements an   SwiftMR implements an  The deep learning model also
   Enhancement    image enhancement     image enhancement      performs sharpening function.
                      algorithm using           algorithm using   Algorithm                       convolutional             convolutional
    Description                      neural network-based     neural network-based
                             filtering. Original             filtering. Original
                   images are enhanced    images are enhanced
                   by running through a     by running through a
                   cascade of             cascade of
                                filter banks, where            filter banks, where
                      thresholding and          thresholding and
                       scaling operations are     scaling operations are
                       applied. Neural            applied. Neural
                    network-based filters     network-based filters
                        that perform noise         that perform noise
                      reduction are obtained.    reduction and/or
                  The parameters of the    sharpening are
                              filters were obtained      obtained. The
                     through an image        parameters of the filters
                    guided optimization      were obtained through
                     process.               an image guided
                    Sharpening filter is        optimization process.
                        additionally applied to    Sharpening filter is
                      the deep learning          additionally applied to
                    processed image.         the deep learning
                                           processed image.
   Deep learning    3 General sequence     1 model              The deep learning model is applied
   models          models                                                    for all types of images (including but
                  1 TOF sequence model                            not limited to T1, T2, T2*, PD,
                                                                 FLAIR, DWI, MRA).
   Supported body   Brain, Spine, knee,         All body parts                     It is expanded to all body parts.
    parts              ankle, shoulder, and hip
   Workflow        The software operates   The software operates   The enhanced images can also be
                  on DICOM files,         on DICOM files,          sent to MR device not only to
                   enhances the images,    enhances the images,   PACS.
                  and stores the          and stores the
                  enhanced images on     enhanced images on
                 PACS. Enhanced      PACS or on MR device.
                   images co-exist with the  Enhanced images cooriginal images.            exist with the original
                                            images.


VII. PERFORMANCE DATA
       SwiftMR, has been assessed and tested and has passed all predetermined testing
         criteria. The Validation Test Plan was designed to evaluate output functions.
       Validation testing indicated that as required by the risk analysis, designated
        individuals performed all verification and validation activities and that the results
      demonstrated that the predetermined acceptance criteria were met.


                                                                           Page 3

510(k) Summary

      The following tests were conducted for SwiftMR:
       1)  Verification testing: Unit test, Integration/system test conducted. These tests
          passed.
       2)  Validation testing: Performance test was conducted using retrospective clinical
         images for both noise reduction and sharpness increase functions.
           A.  For the noise reduction performance, acceptance criteria were defined
                that the signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) of the SwiftMR-processed image
                series is increased by 40% or more for at least 90% of the dataset for level
            1 with an incremental 1% increase per each level. This test passed.
           B.  For  the sharpness  increase performance, acceptance  criteria were
               defined that the FWHM of a selected region of interest (ROI) is decreased
             by 0.13% (deep learning model), 0.43% (filter level 1), 1.7% (filter level 2),
            2.3% (filter level 3), 3.6% (filter level 4), 4.5% (filter level 5) or more for at
                least 90% of the dataset. This test passed.
      The validation dataset consists of data of the following conditions:
            1. Manufacturer: SIEMENS, GE, PHILIPS, CANON, ESAOTE, FONAR,
         FUJIFILM
            2. Field Strength: 0.25T, 0.6T, 1.5T, 3.0T
            3. Anatomical region: Body (breast, abdomen, and pelvis), Cardiac, Neuro
          (head, neck, and spine), Musculoskeletal (shoulder, wrist, hip, knee, and ankle)
            4. Protocol: T1, T2, T2*, FLAIR, PD, DWI, MRA
            5. Demographics
                - age: Adults (22~93 yrs, 88.4%), Pediatrics (0~21 yrs, 11.6%)
                - gender: Male (44.8%), Female (55.2%)
            6. Time reduction range for reduced scan time images: up to 50%

      To show that the performance of the device is not hindered by site variability, in
       the validation dataset, we included data from sources not included in the training
       dataset.
       Therefore,  it was demonstrated that SwiftMR performance was shown to be
        substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


VIII. CONCLUSION
      The information presented in the 510(k) for SwiftMR contains adequate information,
       data, and nonclinical test results to demonstrate substantial equivalence to the
       predicate device. SwiftMR was shown to be substantially equivalent to the
       predicate device  in the areas  of technical  characteristics, general function,
        application, and does not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness.


                                                                           Page 4