June 13, 2023
Imbio, Inc.
℅ Lauren Keith
Director of Engineering
1015 Glenwood Avenue, Floor 4
MINNEAPOLIS MN 55405


Re: K230112
    Trade/Device Name: CAC Software
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed tomography x-ray system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: May 9, 2023
    Received: May 9, 2023

Dear Lauren Keith:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K230112 - Lauren Keith                                                               Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                   Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Imaging Devices
                                           and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

K230112


  CAC Software


   Imbio CAC Software is intended for use as a non-invasive post-processing software to evaluate
calcified plaques in the coronary arteries, which present a risk for coronary artery disease. Imbio
CAC Software uses machine learning to analyze non-contrast thoracic CT images and outputs a
summary report containing Agatston score, arterial age, and calcified lesion mass and volume metrics
of the calcification burden for the whole heart and individual coronary artery level. Additionally,
Imbio CAC Software outputs annotated images previewing the segmentation of calcifications for
informational purposes only. Imbio CAC Software is limited to the quantification of detected possible
calcifications in adult patients ≥29 years of age. It does not diagnose coronary artery disease. The
device output will be available to the users as part of the standard DICOM viewing workflow.
The Imbio CAC Software results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical
decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CT images.


                                           1

510(k) Summary                                   K230112


1.1  Submission Owner and Correspondent

Imbio, Inc.
1015 Glenwood Avenue
Floor 4
Minneapolis, MN 55405
Contact: William McLain
Phone: 717-656-9656
E-Mail: billmclain@imbio.com

Other submissions correspondents:
Lauren Keith, Director of Engineering, and
Kai Ludwig, Senior Imaging Scientist.


1.2  Date Summary Prepared

January 13, 2023


1.3  Device Trade Name

CAC Software


1.4  Device Common Name

Automated computer-assisted coronary artery calcification segmentation and reporting software


1.5  Device Classification Name

Computed tomography x-ray system. Classified as Class 2 at 21 CFR 892.1750, product code JAK.


1.6  Legally Marketed Device To Which The Device Is Substantially
     Equivalent

The CAC Software is substantially equivalent to the Zebra Medical Vision HealthCCSng cleared
under K210085.


                                           1

1.7  Description of the Device

The Imbio CAC Software is a set of medical image post-processing computer algorithms that together performs automated coronary artery calcification segmentation and reports a total Agatston
score, calcified lesion mass and volume, and arterial age from thoracic computed tomography (CT)
images. The Agatston score, calcified lesion mass and volume are reported both as a total and
for each of the following individual coronary arteries:  right coronary artery (RCA), left anterior
descending (LAD), left circumflex (LCx). The Imbio CAC Software is a single command-line executable program that may be run directly from the command-line or through scripting and thus the
user interface is minimal.

Imbio CAC Software is a Software and Medical Device (SaMD) intended to provide annotated
DICOM-formatted images and a PDF report that will be read most typically at a PACS workstation. Imbio CAC Software is an aid only used to support a physician in the analysis of CT images.

The Imbio CAC Software program reads in thoracic CT DICOM datasets, processes the data, then
writes output DICOM files and summary reports to a specified directory.  Imbio CAC Software
outputs DICOMs of the original input DICOM CT images overlaid with color-codings representing
the coronary artery calcification segmentations. Additionally, a summary PDF report is output.

Imbio CAC Software does not interface directly with any CT scanner or data collection equipment;
instead the software imports data previously generated by such equipment and is integrated as part
of the radiological workflow, reducing the risk of use errors.


1.8  Indication for Use

Imbio CAC Software is intended for use as a non-invasive post-processing software to evaluate
calcified plaques in the coronary arteries, which present a risk for coronary artery disease. Imbio
CAC Software uses machine learning to analyze non-contrast thoracic CT images and outputs a
summary report containing Agatston score, arterial age, and calcified lesion mass and volume metrics
of the calcification burden for the whole heart and individual coronary artery level. Additionally,
Imbio CAC Software outputs annotated images previewing the segmentation of calcifications for
informational purposes only. Imbio CAC Software is limited to the quantification of detected possible
calcifications in adult patients ≥29 years of age. It does not diagnose coronary artery disease. The
device output will be available to the users as part of the standard DICOM viewing workflow.
The Imbio CAC Software results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical
decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CT images.


1.9  Technological Characteristics

Table 1.1 compares the technological characteristics between the proposed CAC Software and the
predicate Zebra Medical Vision HealthCCSng.


                Table 1.1: Technological Characteristics Comparison with Predicate Device

 Indications for Use      Due to the length of the  Due to the length of the   Different but does not
                            statement, see below.      statement, see below.      introduce  questions  of
                                                                                       safety and effectiveness.


                                           2

Characteristic        Proposed Device       Predicate Device      Comparison
              CAC Software        Zebra Medical Vision
                                      HealthCCSng

Regulatory

FDA Clearance       TBD                  K210085 (9/9/2021)         -

Product Code         JAK               JAK                 Same

Class                          II                              II                   Same

Regulation               21 CFR 892.1750         21 CFR 892.1750        Same

Software                 Device is software only    Device is software only   Same

Level of Concern         Moderate               Moderate             Same

General

Modality           CT               CT                  Same

Anatomical Site           Thoracic, Chest, Cardiac   Thoracic, Chest, Cardiac  Same

Support Input CT Scan   Low and standard dose.  Low and standard dose.   Different  - Predicate  is
                          Cardiac-gated and non-   Non-cardiac-gated.  Up  not  labeled  for  use  in
                            cardiac-gated.   Up  to   to 3mm slice thickness.    cardiac-gated scans.
                 3mm slice thickness.

Image Format        DICOM            DICOM               Same

Use Environment          Hospitals and Clinics in-   Hospitals and Clinics in-  Same
                           cluding  Inpatient  and   cluding  Inpatient  and
                            outpatient, and lung can-   outpatient, and lung cancer screening programs.    cer screening programs.

Quantification

Calcium Detection        Automatic              Automatic             Same

Default Threshold        130 (HU)                130 (HU)              Same

Calcium Reporting     CAC score and reference  3 category CAC risk       Different    -   Predicate
                        5 category CAC risk                               does  not  report CAC
                                                                                   score and combines lower
                                                                                           risk categories.

Display and Outputs

Outputs            DICOM   Report  and  DICOM   Report  and  Same
                 CAC annotated DICOM  CAC annotated DICOM
                          images.                   images.

Alteration of original im-  No                 No                  Same
age

Image Viewing           Images viewed on exist-  Images viewed on exist-  Same
                           ing viewing workstation.   ing viewing workstation.


                                          3

Characteristic        Proposed Device       Predicate Device      Comparison
              CAC Software        Zebra Medical Vision
                                      HealthCCSng

Communication with Pa-  Does  not communicate  Does  not communicate  Same
tient                     with patients.            with patients.


                                          4

Proposed Device CAC Software Indication for Use:  Imbio CAC Software is intended for
use as a non-invasive post-processing software to evaluate calcified plaques in the coronary arteries,
which present a risk for coronary artery disease.  Imbio CAC Software uses machine learning to
analyze non-contrast thoracic CT images and outputs a summary report containing Agatston score,
arterial age, and calcified lesion mass and volume metrics of the calcification burden for the whole
heart and individual coronary artery level. Additionally, Imbio CAC Software outputs annotated
images previewing the segmentation of calcifications for informational purposes only. Imbio CAC
Software is limited to the quantification of detected possible calcifications in adult patients ≥29
years of age.  It does not diagnose coronary artery disease. The device output will be available to
the users as part of the standard DICOM viewing workflow. The Imbio CAC Software results are
not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making or otherwise preclude
clinical assessment of CT images.


Predicate Device Zebra Medical Vision HealthCCSng Indications for Use:  HealthCCSng
device is intended for use as a non-invasive post-processing software to evaluate calcified plaques in
the coronary arteries, which present a risk for coronary artery disease. The software generates an
estimated coronary artery calcium detection category. The HealthCCSng device analyzes existing
non-cardiac-gated CT studies that include the heart of adult patients above the age of 30. The
device generates a three-category output representing the estimated quantity of calcium detected
together with the preview axial images of the detected calcium meant for informational purposes
only. The device output will be available to the radiologist as part of their standard workflow. The
HealthCCSng results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for risk attribution, clinical
decision-making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CT studies.


1.10  Clinical Study

Non-clinical testing was conducted in the form of a retrospective, multi-center, standalone device
performance assessment. 500 anonymized chest CT series meeting the input requirements for Imbio
CAC Software were curated from a variety of sources including large publically available databases
and private imaging data brokers. Exclusion criteria included:

   • CTs from pediatric patients (< 22 years old)

   • Contrast-enhanced acquisitions

   • Scans with significant respiratory motion

   • Scans with severe metal artifacts

   • Scans containing non-thoracic anatomy

The mean age of patients whose scans were included in the performance assessment was 64.3 years
with a standard deviation of 10 years with the oldest and youngest patient being 90+ (not listed
above 90 years old) and 29 years old, respectively. Gender distrubution was 41.7% male and 42.5 %
female with 15.6% of the data having no gender information. Images originated from GE Medical
Systems (65.1%), Siemens (19.4%), Imatron (15.2%), and Philips (0.2%) scanners. There was an
equal split of ECG-gated and non-gated acquisitions.

All chest CT series were annotated by experienced 3D Image Post-Processing Technologists using an
FDA-cleared semi-automated CAC scoring software program. These images and the corresponding
CAC scores were used as ground truth for Imbio CAC Software validation.


                                           5

The primary endpoint was to evaluate the cardiovaclar disease risk category across all cases between
Imbio CAC Software and the ground truth. For a 5-category risk assessment, the Cohen’s kappa
between Imbio CAC Software and the ground truth was 0.907 (95% CI 0.895, 0.920), which met the
acceptance criteria of kappa > 0.859.


1.11  Biocompatibility

Biocompatibility testing is not applicable for the CAC Software.


1.12  Conclusions

The results of the comparison of design, intended use and technological characteristics demonstrate
that the device is as safe and effective as the legally marketed predicate device.


                                           6