July 12, 2023


AusculThing Oy
Jani Virtanen
Process owner, Regulatory and Quality Affairs
Ruusutorpanpuisto 4 A 15
Espoo, 02600
Finland

Re: K230823
    Trade/Device Name: AusculThing ACC
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1875
    Regulation Name: Stethoscope
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: DQD, DQC
    Dated: June 12, 2023
    Received: June 12, 2023

Dear Jani Virtanen:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies.

K230823 - Jani Virtanen                                                               Page 2


You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21
CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related
adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for
combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatoryinformation/postmarketing-safety-reporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice
requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current
good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the
electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                              for                    Hetal B. Patel -S                                           Robert Kazmierski
                                           Acting Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                Diagnostics and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                              Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
  K230823
Device Name


   AusculThing ACC
Indications for Use (Describe)
The AusculThing ACC software is a decision-support SW for the healthcare provider (the user) in
the evaluation of patient heart sounds. The ACC is used to record, display, and analyze acoustic
signals of the heart recorded by means of an electronic stethoscope. It is intended for use on adult
and pediatric patients. The automated analysis will categorize heart sounds as either “abnormal” if
any heart murmur of any intensity is identified in any position across the precordium, or “normal” if
either no murmurs or benign murmurs are identified. ACC is indicated for use in a setting where auscultation would typically be performed by a healthcare provider. It is not intended as a sole means of
diagnosis. The heart sound interpretation offered by the software is only significant when used in
conjunction with physician over-read and including all other relevant patient data. The device is intended for Rx use only. The AusculThing ACC shall be used together with Thinklabs One electronic
stethoscope.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           x  Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                         CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                       This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                          Page 1 of 1                                                   PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K230823


5. 510(k) Summary


 Submitter information


 Name:                      AusculThing Ltd.

 Address:                     Ruusutorpanpuisto 4 A 15
                           02600 Espoo, Finland

 Phone:                    +358 50 3801 134

 Contact person:                 Jani Virtanen, D.Sc.
                               Regulatory and Quality Affairs, Process Owner

 Submission date:            15 March 2023


 Device information


 Trade name:                 AusculThing ACC

 Common name:               Decision support SW, Computer Aided Auscultation, Heart Sound Analyzer

 Classification name:            Electronic Stethoscope, Phonocardiograph

 Regulation number:          21 CFR 870.1875, 870.2390

 Product code:            DQD, DQC

 Classification panel:           Cardiology


 Predicate devices


 Primary predicate:          K181988                Emurmur ID

K230823


5.1 Device Description

AusculThing ACC is a decision support SW that collects heart sounds from adult and pediatric
patients.   The ACC  software  receives  the  data  using  a  Thinklabs One  electronic
stethoscope.The SW is running on a mobile device, where the electronic stethoscope is
connected to. The SW guides the user how relevant heart sound recordings should be obtained
from different parts of the body. After recording, the ACC analyzes the recordings in
conjunction automatically using an AI -based algorithm, which is trained using a proprietary
echocardiogram validated high-quality data database. An image below shows the basic
architecture of the use environment for the ACC.


Image 5.1. Basic structure of the ACC use environment.

The basic functionality of the ACC SW is to give a user an instant, automated, analysis of the
patient under evaluation and differentiate between normal and pathological sounds. For the
abnormal heart sounds, the ACC delivers information on suspected murmurs.

The ACC software is a SW that allows a user to upload heart sounds/phonocardiogram (PCG)
data to the device for analysis and visualization. The AusculThing ACC Mobile App runs on
a mobile device. The app permits the electronic recording of heart sound signals via a
compatible electronic stethoscope (Thinklabs One). The app also permits visual and acoustic
playback of heart sounds in the mobile device. After analysis, results are returned to the user
in the App. The Murmur detection algorithm is based on a neural network model that uses
heart sounds to detect the presence of pathological heart sounds.

The user can utilize the heart sound analysis results and the acoustic and visual representation
of the heart sound recordings as decision support data in their decision-making process
regarding the presence and type of a heart murmur.

K230823


5.2 Intended use
The AusculThing ACC software is a decision-support SW for the healthcare provider (the
user) in the evaluation of patient heart sounds. The ACC is used to record, display, and analyze
acoustic signals of the heart recorded by means of an electronic stethoscope. It is intended for
use on adult and pediatric patients. The automated analysis will categorize heart sounds as
either “abnormal” if any heart murmur of any intensity is identified in any position across the
precordium, or “normal” if either no murmurs or benign murmurs are identified. ACC is
indicated for use in a setting where auscultation would typically be performed by a healthcare
provider. It is not intended as a sole means of diagnosis. The heart sound interpretation offered
by the software is only significant when used in conjunction with physician over-read and
including  all other relevant patient data. The device  is intended for Rx use only. The
AusculThing ACC shall be used together with Thinklabs One electronic stethoscope.

5.3 Technological characteristics

AusculThing ACC has technological characteristics that are comparable to the predicate
device:

1. Both systems host a heart sound analysis algorithm.

2. Both systems provide the user with a mobile app, which is used to record heart sounds and
patient information. Both systems perform an analysis to the data and display the analysis
results to the user.

3. Both systems  require an FDA-cleared  off-the-shelf  electronic  stethoscope  for  the
acquisition of the heart sounds.

4. Both devices provide similar heart sound analysis output and similar additional supporting
information to the user.

The predicate device in this 510(k) Premarket Notification submission  is eMurMur ID
(K181988) which function and indication are substantially equivalent for the Ausculthing
ACC software. On a table below is presented the technical characteristics of the ACC software
and eMurMur ID.

The ACC does not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness in comparison to the
predicates. While some of the predicate devices feature additional technological capabilities
(e.g., the predicate device additional parameters on heart sound), this does not raise different
questions of safety or effectiveness because in all cases the subject device features are a subset
of those cleared predicate devices.


               ACC                       Emurmur ID

 Device type            Software only                        Software only

 Physiological input     Heart sounds                         Heart sounds

K230823


Classification        DQD, DQC                    DQD, DQC
product code

510(k) number        K230823                        K181988

Patient population      Adult and pediatric                    Adult and pediatric

Intended    use       /  The AusculThing ACC software is a  The eMurmur ID software system is a
Indications for Use      decision-support SW for the healthcare   decision support device for the healthcare
                         provider (the user) in the evaluation of   provider (the user) in the evaluation of
                           patient heart sounds. The ACC is used   patient heart sounds. eMurmur ID is used
                           to record, display, and analyze acoustic   to record, display, analyze, and store the
                          signals of the heart recorded by means   acoustic signal of the heart, recorded by
                         of  an  electronic  stethoscope.  It  is  means of an electronic stethoscope. The
                        intended for use on adult and pediatric  automated analysis will identify specific
                            patients. The automated analysis will   heart  sounds  that  may  be  present,
                          categorize  heart  sounds  as  either   including  S1,  S2,  physiological  heart
                       “abnormal” if any heart murmur of any  murmurs,  pathological  heart murmurs
                            intensity is identified in any position  and absence of a heart murmur.
                         across the precordium, or “normal” if
                            either no murmurs or benign murmurs  eMurmur ID is indicated for use in a
                          are identified. ACC is indicated for use   setting   where   auscultation   would
                           in a setting where auscultation would   typically be performed by a healthcare
                           typically be performed by a healthcare   provider.  It  is not intended as a sole
                          provider. It is not intended as a sole  means of  diagnosis. The  heart sound
                     means of diagnosis. The heart sound   interpretations offered by eMurmur ID
                           interpretation offered by the software is   are only significant when considered in
                        only   significant  when   used   in   conjunction  with  healthcare  provider
                        conjunction with physician over-read   over-read and including all other relevant
                      and including all other relevant patient   patient data.
                           data. The device is intended for Rx use
                          only. The AusculThing ACC shall be
                       used  together  with  Thinklabs One
                           electronic stethoscope.

Prescribed               Prescription only                        Prescription only

User interface        App (iOS/Android) for recording heart  App for recording heart sounds, sending
                        sounds,   performing   analysis   of   analysis requests and receiving analysis
                         recordings locally on the device and   results. Web portal for reviewing and
                         presenting the analysis results.           editing user and patient data.

Murmur detection     Yes (Classification)                 Yes (Classification)

Acquires and records  Yes – acoustic signal of heart by means  Yes – acoustic signal of heart by
heart sounds            of electronic stethoscope and mobile  means  of  electronic  stethoscope  and
                      app                                 mobile app

Analyzes heart        Yes – distinguishes between normal  Yes    –     distinguishes    between
sounds                and pathological heart murmurs         normal/physiological  and  pathological
                                                                    heart murmurs

Intended user           Healthcare provider licensed or         Healthcare provider licensed or

K230823


                          authorized to perform auscultation       authorized to perform auscultation

 Backend             The mobile device analyzes the data   Server analyzes (algorithm) and stores
                       and  communicates  with  the  other   (database)   patient-related   data  and
                       components  of  AusculThing ACC.  communicates with the other components
                          Results from the analysis can be shared   of eMurmur ID. The interface to the other
                           via email.                          components is a REST/JSON web API.

 Safety features       No  protected  health  information  is  Encrypted internet traffic, data stored in
                           stored on the user’s devices. User has   the database on the backend is encrypted,
                            authentication on  the  app and  the   data  in  the database  is duplicated  to
                        mobile device.                         another database in a different datacenter,
                                                       no protected health information is stored
                                                       on  the  user’s  devices,  user needs  to
                                                                       authenticate,  user  can  only  access
                                                                  authorized data.


5.4 Performance data - Non-clinical Testing
Performance data included software verification and validation testing, no performance data
under non-clinical testing have been included.


5.5 Performance data - Clinical Testing

The algorithm in this submission has been validated using proprietary data captured with the
ACC. A total of 519 recordings were captured from a study population consisting of 133
patients. Of the population 84 were below 18 years of age and 49 were above. Out of the 133
patients 84 had a confirmed heart defect. All data was collected in a clinical study in
accordance with GCP/ISO14155.

In the table below the content (age distribution, gender, diagnoses and auscultation findings)
of the validation data is described. Some of the patients have multiple diagnoses.

K230823


Heart sounds were recorded from all patients either by a cardiologist. An echocardiogram was
conducted by a cardiologist on all patients to establish the golden standard for diagnosis to
which the algorithm performance was compared. The table below shows the amount of
recordings made in each hospitals.

K230823


                                                      Audio recordings
   Population        Hospital District         Hospital                                Patient count
                                                              obtained by

                  Kuopio   University
                                              Puijo Hospital      Cardiologist                14
                     Hospital
    Children
                  Oulu University        Oulu University
                                                                   Cardiologist                70
                     Hospital                    Hospital


                                       Lohja Hospital        Cardiologist                20
                     Hospital  district  of
     Adults         Helsinki       and
                 Uusimaa
                                     Hyvinkää Hospital    Cardiologist                29


The obtained accuracy, sensitivity and specificity were compared to the predicate device
performance metrics as provided in the predicate device 510k summary (K181988) and are
shown in the following table:


                    ACC                   eMurmur ID


  Sensitivity                 90.5% (82.3%-95.1%)         85.0% (72.9%-92.5%)


  Specificity                 96.0% (86.3%-98.9%)         86.7% (74.9%-93.7%)


  Accuracy                  92.5% (86.7%-95.9%)         85.8% (78.0%-91.3%)


The results from the study demonstrate that ACC does not perform worse than the predicate
device in the given test setting.

Conclusions
The ACC Analysis Software is as safe and effective as the predicate device. Performance data
demonstrate that the AusculThing ACC software performs in a manner that is comparable to
the reference device, meeting the criteria that it be at least non-inferior. The ACC Analysis
Software has the same intended use and similar indications, technological characteristics, and
principles of operation as its predicate device. The minor technological differences between
AusculThing ACC and its predicate device raise no new questions of safety or effectiveness
when used as labeled. Thus, the ACC Analysis Software is substantially equivalent.