July 25, 2023
Sonio
℅ Florian Akpakpa
Head of Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance
24 Rue du Faubourg Saint Jacques
Paris, FR-75014
FRANCE

Re: K230365
    Trade/Device Name: Sonio Detect
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1550
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic pulsed doppler imaging system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: IYN, IYO, QIH
    Dated: June 26, 2023
    Received: June 27, 2023

Dear Florian Akpakpa:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K230365 - Florian Akpakpa                                                           Page  2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                Yanna S. Kang -S
                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
                K230365                                             I
Device Name
 I Sonio Detect

Indications for Use (Describe)
 Sonio Detect is intended to analyze fetal ultrasound images and clips using machine learning
 techniques to automatically detect views, detect anatomical structures within the views and verify
 quality criteria of the views.

 The device is intended for use as a concurrent reading aid during the acquisition and interpretation
 of fetal ultrasound images.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           ZPrescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)               ]Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

Sonio
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission
                               K230365
                                     510(k) Summary

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.92 the 510(k) summary for Sonio Detect is provided below.

I. Submitter


 Applicant:                Sonio

                         24 rue du Faubourg Saint Jacques,
                           75014, Paris France


 Primary Contact Person:   Florian Akpakpa
                        Head of Regulatory Affairs and Quality Assurance
                          Sonio

                           Phone: +33 6 19 38 71 45
                            Email: florian.akpakpa@sonio.ai


 Secondary Contact       Donna-Bea Tillman
 Person:                    Senior Consulting
                             Biologics Consulting

                           Phone: +1 (410) 531-6542 - Direct
                            Email: dtillman@biologicsconsulting.com

 Date Prepared:             July 25, 2023


II. Device


 Device Trade Name:      Sonio Detect

 Classification Name:     21 CFR 892.1550 - accessory to Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System
                        21 CFR 892.1560 - accessory to Ultrasonic Pulsed Echo Imaging System
                        21 CFR 892.2050 - Medical image management and processing system

 Regulatory Class:         Class II

 Product Codes:        IYN (Primary)
                        IYO, QIH (Secondary)


                                          Page 26-2

Sonio
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


III. Predicate Device

SonoLyst feature embedded in the GE Medical device Voluson SWIFT, K201828.

This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall.

No reference devices were used in this submission.


IV. Device Description

Sonio Detect is a Software as a Service SaaS solution that aims at helping sonographers,
OB/GYNs, MFMs and Fetal surgeons (all three designated as healthcare professionals i.e.
HCP) to perform their routine fetal ultrasound examinations in real-time. Sonio Detect can be
used by Healthcare Professionals HCPs during fetal ultrasound exams for Trimester 1,
Trimester 2 and Trimester 3 of the fetus (Gestational Age: from 11 weeks to 37 weeks). The
software is intended to assist HCPs in assuring during and after their examination that the
examination is complete and all images were collected according to their protocol.

Sonio Detect requires the following:
  ●  Edge Software (described below) to install on a server on the same network as the
       Ultrasound Machine;
  ●  SaaS accessibility from internet browser.

Sonio’s Edge Software is a light-weight application that runs on a server (computer) connected
to the same network as the Ultrasound Machine. Sonio Edge Software is installed on the HCP
server (computer) and network and the main purpose is to receive DICOM instances from the
Ultrasound Machine and upload them to Sonio’s Cloud to be used by Sonio Detect.

Sonio Detect receives fetal ultrasound images and clips from the ultrasound machine, that are
submitted through the edge software by the performing healthcare professional, in real-time
and performs the following:
  ●  Automatically detect views;
  ●  Automatically detect anatomical structures within the supported views;
  ●  Automatically verify quality criteria of the supported views by checking whether they
      conform to standardized quality criteria.

Quality criteria are related to:
  ●  the presence or absence of an anatomical structure;
  ●  the zoom level for some views.

Sonio Detect then automatically associates the image to its detected view. It also highlights in
yellow the view and/or the corresponding quality criteria if there are unverified items : quality
criteria not verified or view not detected.

The end user can interact with the software to override the Sonio Detect’s outputs (reassign the
image to another view or unassign it or assign it if it was not assigned, change the status of a


                                          Page 26-3

Sonio
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission
quality criteria from verified to unverified or from unverified to verified). The user has
the ability to review and edit/override the matching at any time during or at the end of the
exam.

The list of views, anatomical structures and quality criteria that can be automatically
detected and verified by the software are detailed in the tables 1, 2 and 3 below.

       Table 1: List of views that can be automatically detected by the software
                      View                            Gestational Age of the fetus

  Transthalamic or Cavum septum Pellucidum or Midline falx /                                                      T1 and T2/T3
               Transventricular or Choroid plexus
                  Profile or Nuchal translucency                   T1 and T2/T3
                 Crown rump length                           T1
                           Sagittal spine                               T2/T3
                Abdominal circumference                          T2/T3
                     Long bone                                T2/T3
                     Transcerebellar view                            T2/T3
               Upper lip, nose and nostrils                         T2/T3
                     Four chambers                              T2/T3
                 Left ventricular outflow tract                         T2/T3
                Right ventricular outflow tract                        T2/T3

Table 2:List of anatomical structures that can be automatically detected by the software
            View                                    Structure
                         Brain views and structures at T2/T3
                                    •  Midline falx Transthalamic view
 Transventricular view                •  Cavum septum pellucidum
 Transcerebellar view                 •  Cerebellum
                        Heart views and structures at T2/T3
                                    •  Aorta
                                    •  Apex heart
                                    •  Ascending aorta
                                    •  Descending aorta
                                    •   Interatrial septum
 Four Chambers
                                    •   Interventricular septum
 Three vessels
                                    •   Left atrium
LVOT
                                    •   Left ventricle
                                    •  Pulmonary trunk
                                    •  Right atrium
                                    •  Right ventricle
                                    •   Superior vena cava


                                          Page 26-4

Sonio
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


   Table 3: List of quality criteria that can be automatically verified by the software
                           Quality criteria of the brain views
                                            •   Presence of the cavum septum pellucidum
 For the transthalamic view, Sonio
                                            •  Absence of the cerebellum
 Detect automatically evaluates the
                                            •   Brain occupies more than half of the width of the
 following criteria:
                                              ultrasound image
                                            •   Presence of the cerebellum
 For the transcerebellar view, Sonio
                                            •   Presence of the cavum septum pellucidum
 Detect automatically evaluates the
                                            •   Brain occupies more than half of the width of the
 following criteria:
                                              ultrasound image
 For the transventricular view, Sonio       •   Presence of the cavum septum pellucidum
 Detect automatically evaluates the         •   Brain occupies more than half of the width of the
 following criteria:                           ultrasound image
                           Quality criteria of the heart views
                                      •  Presence of the right ventricle
                                      •  Presence of the left ventricle
                                      •  Presence of the left atrium
 For the 4 chambers view, Sonio                                      •  Presence of the right atrium
 Detect automatically evaluates the
                                      •  Presence of the interventricular septum following criteria:
                                      •  Presence of the interauricular septum
                                      •  Presence of the apex of the heart
                                      •  Presence of the descending aorta
 For the 3 vessels and 3 vessels and
                                            •   Presence of the pulmonary trunk
 trachea views, Sonio Detect
                                            •   Presence of the ascending aorta
 automatically evaluates the following
                                            •   Presence of the superior vena cava
 criteria:
                                            •   Presence of the left ventricle
 For the LVOT view, Sonio Detect         •   Presence of the aorta
 automatically evaluates the following      •   Presence of the right ventricle
 criteria:                                    •   Presence of the left atrium
                                            •   Presence of the apex of the heart


                                          Page 26-5

Sonio
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


V. Indications for Use

Sonio Detect is intended to analyze fetal ultrasound images and clips using machine learning
techniques to automatically detect views, detect anatomical structures within the views and
verify quality criteria of the views.

The device  is intended for use as a concurrent reading aid during the acquisition and
interpretation of fetal ultrasound images.


Sonio Detect and the predicate device have the same intended use for automatic detection of
views as well as automatic detection of anatomical structures within the views and verification
of quality criteria of the views by comparing them to standardized quality criteria. The
Indications for Use statement for Sonio Detect is not identical to the predicate device; however,
the difference does not affect the safety and effectiveness of the device relative to the predicate,
and so does not constitute a new intended use.


VI. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

Table 4 provides a comparison of the Technological Characteristics of Sonio Detect to the
predicate SonoLyst.

                    Table 4: Comparison of technological characteristics
 Items           Predicate device 1: SonoLyst feature in       Proposed device: Sonio Detect
                 Voluson SWIFT - K201828
 Manufacturer  GE Medical                                Sonio
 name
 Device name    SonoLyst feature embedded in the device      Sonio Detect
                 Voluson SWIFT
 Regulation         - Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System.    - Accessory to Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler
 Number        21 CFR 892.1550, 90-IYN;                  Imaging System, 21 CFR 892.1550
                    -Ultrasonic Pulsed Echo Imaging System, 21     - Accessory to Ultrasonic Pulsed Echo
             CFR 892.1560, 90-IYO;                     Imaging System, 21 CFR 892.1560
                   -Diagnostic Ultrasound Transducer, 21 CFR      - Medical image management and processing
                  892.1570, 90-ITX                             system, 21 CFR 892.2050

 Product codes  IYN (primary)                       IYN (Primary)
              IYO                                   IYO, QIH (Secondary)
               ITX (secondary)
 Clinical
 outcome            - Images labeled with correct view                 - Images labeled with correct view

                        - Quality criteria are identified as “found”        - Quality criteria are identified as “Verified”
               when detected and “not found” when not      when detected and “Not verified” when not
                   detected                                       detected


                                          Page 26-6

Sonio
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission
 Items           Predicate device 1: SonoLyst feature in       Proposed device: Sonio Detect
                 Voluson SWIFT - K201828
 Intended                                                       Qualified and trained healthcare professional
 Users           General purpose radiology evaluation and      personnel in a professional prenatal
                    specialized for OB/GYN                       ultrasound (US) imaging environment (this
                                                                  includes sonographers, MFMs, OB/GYN,
                                                         and Fetal surgeons)
 Clinical
 applications     Fetal/Obstetrics                                  Fetal/Obstetrics

 Algorithm                                                             Artificial Intelligence
 Methodology    Artificial Intelligence                         Lecture of biometrics
                                                              Colorimetry for 3D and Doppler
 Platform                                                  Secure cloud-based and stand-alone software
               Embedded in the ultrasound equipment         compatible with ultrasound system from GE
                                                               Medical, Samsung and Canon

Sonio Detect’s intended users, clinical outcome and clinical applications are similar to those of
the predicate device, SonoLyst.

Sonio Detect differ to SonoLyst in the following:
  ●  Algorithm methodology: Sonio Detect algorithm technology is based on Artificial
        Intelligence, Lecture of biometrics on the image and Colorimetry identification for 3D
      and Doppler while the Predicate SonoLyst’s algorithm technology is only based on
        Artificial Intelligence;
  ●  Platform: Sonio Detect is a stand-alone cloud based software that can be used with
        different ultrasound systems while the Predicate SonoLyst is embedded in the GE
       ultrasound system.

However, the differences in algorithm methodology and platform do not raise different
questions of safety and effectiveness of the device.


VII. Performance Data

The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence
determination.

Software Verification and Validation Testing
Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provided
as recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content
of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.”
The following quality assurance measures were applied to the development of the system:
   ●  Risk Analysis
   ●  Design Reviews
   ●  Software Development Lifecycle
   ●  Algorithm Verification (Algorithm internal validation)
   ●  Software verification
   ●  Simulated use testing (Validation)
   ●  Performance testing (Verification)


                                          Page 26-7

Sonio
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission

Bench Testing
Sonio conducted a standalone performance testing on a dataset of 17885 fetal ultrasound
images from 7 clinical sites in the United States, France and Germany representative of the
intended use population. This dataset was independent of the data used during model
development (training/fine tuning/internal validation) and establishment of device operating
points.

The results of the standalone performance testing demonstrate that Sonio Detect:
  ●  Automatically detects 3D fetal ultrasound images with high sensitivity (0,980; 95%
       Wilson’s Confidence Interval: 0.930, 0.994) and Doppler fetal ultrasound images with
       high sensitivity (0,963; 95% Wilson’s Confidence Interval: 0.908, 0.985);
  ●  Automatically detects fetal ultrasound views through reading of annotations on images
       with high proportions of annotations read correctly (0,923; 95% Wilson’s Confidence
        Interval: 0.905, 0.938);
  ●  Automatically detects some T1 fetal ultrasound views with high sensitivity (0,942;
       Point estimate).
  ●  Automatically detects some T2/T3 fetal ultrasound views with high sensitivity (0,919;
       Point estimate).
  ●  Automatically detects some fetal brain anatomical structures in some T2/T3 brain views
       with high  sensitivity (0,857; Point estimate) and high  specificity (0,963; Point
        estimate), and so automatically verifies the corresponding quality criteria;
  ●  Automatically detects some fetal heart anatomical structures in the some T2/T3 heart
      views with high sensitivity (0,900; Point estimate) and high specificity (0,982; Point
       estimate) and so automatically verifies the corresponding quality criteria.

  ●  Automatically verifies the zoom level for some brain views with high sensitivity (0.952;
     95% Wilson’s Confidence Interval: 0.909-0.976) and high specificity (0.906; 95%
       Wilson’s Confidence Interval: 0.758-0.968).

Additionally the performance was also validated for subgroups including: Ultrasound machine
manufacturer, BMI, maternal age, gestational age and race and ethnicity when appropriate.

Sonio Detect was validated only with GE, Canon, and Samsung ultrasound devices and is
intended only to be used with these ultrasound vendors.

The results of verification and performance testing demonstrate the safe and effective use of
Sonio Detect.


Clinical Study
Not applicable. Clinical studies are not necessary to establish the substantial equivalence of
this device.


                                          Page 26-8

Sonio
510(k) Premarket Notification Submission


VIII. Conclusions

Sonio Detect’s intended users, clinical outcome and clinical applications are similar to those of
the predicate device SonoLyst.
The technological characteristics differences identified and discussed in Section VI do not raise
different questions of safety and effectiveness of the device.
Furthermore, results of successful verification and validation activities and additional bench
performance testing do not raise any new issue regarding the safety and effectiveness of the
device.
Thus, Sonio Detect is substantially equivalent to its predicate device SonoLyst (K201828).


                                          Page 26-9