Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
℅ John Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells U.S. LLP
555 Thirteenth Street NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20004
                                                         November 8, 2023

Re: K230534
    Trade/Device Name:  BriefCase-Quantification
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: October 3, 2023
    Received: October 3, 2023

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K230534 - John Smith                                                                 Page 2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Good and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K230534
Device Name
BriefCase-Quantification
Indications for Use (Describe)
BriefCase-Quantification is a radiological image management and processing system software indicated for use in the
analysis of CT exams with contrast, that include the abdominal aorta, in adults or transitional adolescents aged 18 and
older.
The device is intended to assist appropriately trained medical specialists by providing the user with the maximum
abdominal aortic axial diameter measurement of cases that include the abdominal aorta (M-AbdAo). BriefCaseQuantification is indicated to evaluate normal and aneurysmal abdominal aortas and is not intended to evaluate postoperative aortas.
The BriefCase-Quantification results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making or
otherwise preclude clinical assessment of cases. These measurements are unofficial, are not final, and are subject to
change after review by a radiologist. For final clinically approved measurements, please refer to the official radiology
report. Clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
&X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) | Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Summary          K230534
                                   K230534
                    Aidoc Medical, Ltd.’s BriefCase-Quantification

Submitter:

Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
3 Aminadav St.
Tel-Aviv, Israel
Phone: +972-73-7946870

Contact Person:             Amalia Schreier, LL.M.

Date Prepared:            November 05, 2023

Name of Device:             BriefCase-Quantification

Classification Name:        Medical image management and processing system

Regulatory Class:          Class II

Product Code:            QIH (21 C.F.R. 892.2050)

Primary Predicate Device:   Viz RV/LV (K221100)

Reference Device:          AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) (K183268)

Device Description

BriefCase-Quantification is a radiological medical image management and processing device. The
software consists of a single module based on an algorithm programmed component and is intended
to run on a linux-based server in a cloud environment .

The BriefCase-Quantification receives filtered DICOM Images, and processes them chronologically
by running the algorithm on relevant series to measure the maximum abdominal aortic diameter.
Following the AI processing, the output of the algorithm analysis is transferred to an image review
software (desktop application), and forwarded to user review in the PACS.

The BriefCase-Quantification produces a preview image annotated with the maximum axial diameter
measurement. The diameter marking is not intended to be a final output, but serves the purpose of
visualization and measurement. The original, unmarked series remains available in the PACS as
well. The preview image presents an unofficial and not final measurement, and the user is instructed
to review the  full image and any other clinical information before making a clinical decision. The
image includes a disclaimer: “Not for diagnostic use. The measurement is unofficial, not final, and
must be reviewed by a radiologist.”

BriefCase-Quantification is not intended to evaluate post-operative aortas.


Intended Use / Indications for Use


                                                                                   1

BriefCase-Quantification  is a  radiological image management and processing system software
indicated for use in the analysis of CT exams with contrast, that include the abdominal aorta, in
adults or transitional adolescents aged 18 and older.

The device is intended to assist appropriately trained medical specialists by providing the user with
the maximum abdominal aortic axial diameter measurement of cases that include the abdominal
aorta  (M-AbdAo)  BriefCase-Quantification  is  indicated  to  evaluate  normal and  aneurysmal
abdominal aortas and is not intended to evaluate post-operative aortas.

The BriefCase-Quantification results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical
decision-making or otherwise preclude  clinical assessment of cases. These measurements are
unofficial, are not final, and are subject to change after review by a radiologist. For final clinically
approved measurements, please refer to the official radiology report. Clinicians are responsible for
viewing full images per the standard of care.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The  subject  BriefCase-Quantification  of  the  Abdominal  Aortic  Measurement  (M-AbdAo)  is
substantially similar to primary predicate Viz RV/LV (K221100) and is similar to reference device
AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) (K183268), as explained below.

The subject, predicate and the reference devices are radiological computer-aided medical image
management and processing software. All devices are artificial intelligence, deep-learning algorithms
incorporating software packages for use with compliant scanners, PACS, and radiology workstations.
The predicate Viz RV/LV and the reference AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) evaluate images
from CT scanners as does the proposed device for BriefCase-Quantification of the Abdominal Aortic
Measurement (M-AbdAo). The subject, predicate and reference devices produce similar outputs that
includes a diameter measurement of an anatomical organ image series (Abdominal aorta; Left and
right ventricles of the heart; aorta - respectively).

The proposed device for BriefCase-Quantification of the Abdominal Aortic Measurement (M-AbdAo)
has similar technology and design as the primary predicate device and the reference device, and
similar indications for use, i.e., all three devices are intended to aid in measurement of radiological
images. The subject, the predicate Viz RV/LV and the reference AI-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular)
devices raise the same types of safety and effectiveness questions. A table comparing the key
features of the subject device, the primary predicate device and the reference predicate device is
provided below.


                                                                                   2

Table 1. Key feature comparison

                      Predicate Device Viz  Reference    Device  Subject Device
                    RV/LV (K221100)      AI-Rad  Companion  Aidoc
                                             (Cardiovascular)       BriefCase-Quantifica
                                          (K183268)              tion      of      the
                                                          Abdominal    Aortic
                                                         Measurement
                                                           (M-AbdAo)
Intended   Use       /  The     Viz    RV/LV  AI-Rad   Companion   BriefCase-Quantificati
Indications for Use      Software   device   is   (Cardiovascular)     is  on  is  a  radiological
                      designed  to measure  image     processing  image  management
                        the         maximal   software that provides  and       processing
                       diameters of the right   quantitative      and  system      software
                    and  left  ventricles  of   qualitative    analysis   indicated  for use  in
                        the   heart   from  a  from        previously  the  analysis  of  CT
                        volumetric    CTPA  acquired   Computed  exams  with  contrast,
                          acquisition and report  Tomography  DICOM   that    include    the
                        the   ratio   of  those  images   to   support  abdominal  aorta,   in
                     measurements.    Viz   radiologists      and   adults  or  transitional
                    RV/LV analyzes cases  physicians       from  adolescents aged 18
                       using   an    artificial  emergency medicine,  and older.
                           intelligence  algorithm   specialty care, urgent
                           to identify the location   care,   and   general  The     device      is
                    and measurements of   practice     in     the   intended   to   assist
                        the ventricles. The Viz   evaluation       and   appropriately   trained
                    RV/LV       software  assessment         of  medical specialists by
                        provides the user with   cardiovascular          providing   the   user
                       annotated    images   diseases.                with   the  maximum
                     showing    ventricular                        abdominal aortic axial
                     measurements.      Its    It     provides     the  diameter of cases that
                          results    are    not   following functionality:   includes           the
                       intended  to be used   •  Segmentation  and  abdominal       aorta
                    on   a   stand-alone  volume measurement  (M-AbdAo).
                        basis     for     clinical   of the heart              BriefCase-Quantificati
                       decision-making    or   • Quantification of the  on   is  indicated   to
                       otherwise    preclude   total  calcium volume  evaluate  normal and
                              clinical assessment of   in    the    coronary  aneurysmal
                 CTPA cases.             arteries               abdominal aortas and
                                                                • Segmentation of the   is  not  intended   to
                                                 aorta                   evaluate
                                                                •  Measurement   of   post-operative aortas.
                                    maximum  diameters
                                                     of the aorta at typical  The
                                           landmarks               BriefCase-Quantificati
                                                            on   results  are  not


                                                                                  3

Predicate Device Viz  Reference    Device  Subject Device
                    RV/LV (K221100)      AI-Rad  Companion  Aidoc
                                             (Cardiovascular)       BriefCase-Quantifica
                                          (K183268)              tion      of      the
                                                          Abdominal    Aortic
                                                         Measurement
                                                           (M-AbdAo)
                                                                •    Threshold-based  intended  to be used
                                                     highlighting          of  on   a   stand-alone
                                              enlarged diameters      basis     for     clinical
                                                                     decision-making    or
                                       The   software   has  otherwise    preclude
                                        been   validated   for   clinical assessment of
                                               non-cardiac chest CT   cases.        These
                                              data    with    filtered  measurements    are
                                                backprojection            unofficial, are not final,
                                                  reconstruction   from  and  are  subject  to
                                        Siemens             change  after  review
                                                 Healthineers,    GE  by a  radiologist. For
                                                Healthcare,    Philips,   final            clinically
                                        and   Toshiba/Canon.  approved
                                                      Additionally,       the  measurements,
                                              calcium      detection  please  refer  to  the
                                                  feature   has   been   official       radiology
                                                  validated         on   report.  Clinicians are
                                               non-cardiac chest CT   responsible          for
                                              data   with   iterative  viewing   full  images
                                                  reconstruction   from  per  the  standard  of
                                        Siemens                care.
                                                 Healthineers.

                                           Only DICOM images
                                                     of  adult  patients are
                                              considered to be valid
                                                       input.
User population                       Thoracic radiologists,    Radiologists     and  Appropriately   trained
                       general   radiologists,  physicians       from  medical specialists
                        pulmonologists,        emergency  medicine,
                           cardiologists, or other  specialty care, urgent
                           similar physicians       care,   and   general
                                                   practice

Anatomical  region  of   Left    and      right   Heart,       coronary  Abdominal aorta
interest                   ventricles of the heart    arteries and aorta


                                                                                  4

Predicate Device Viz  Reference    Device  Subject Device
                     RV/LV (K221100)      AI-Rad  Companion  Aidoc
                                              (Cardiovascular)       BriefCase-Quantifica
                                            (K183268)              tion      of      the
                                                           Abdominal    Aortic
                                                          Measurement
                                                            (M-AbdAo)
 Data       acquisition  non-gated CTPA        non-cardiac chest CT  CT   exams    with
 protocol                                                                   contrast  that  include
                                                                         the abdominal aorta
 Diameter             Yes                 Yes                 Yes
 Measurement
 Images            DICOM            DICOM            DICOM
 format
 Interference      with  No               No               No
 standard workflow
 Algorithm                    Artificial    intelligence   Artificial    intelligence   Artificial    intelligence
                          algorithm         with   algorithm         with   algorithm         with
                       database of images.    database of images.    database of images.
 Structure                     -  Viz RV/LV is hosted    - AI-Rad Companion   -BriefCase-Quantificat
                     on  Viz.ai’s  Backend   (Cardiovascular)  is a   ion,  is  hosted on a
                        Server and analyzes  software  only image  cloud server, analyzes
                          applicable    CTPA   post-processing         applicable CT images
                        scans.                    application.               that are acquired on
                                   -  The   results  are                  CT scanner  that are
                        exported   in DICOM                         forwarded           to
                         format are sent to a                            BriefCase-Quantificati
                  PACS  destination  for                           on.
                        review by physicians                                     - The  results  of the
                            to    assist    in   the                           analysis are exported
                       assessment.                                           in DICOM format, and
                                                                       are sent  to a PACS
                                                                             destination for review
                                                                by medical specialists,
                                                                                  to    assist    in   the
                                                             measurement  of  the
                                                                  abdominal aorta.

Performance Data

Pivotal Study Summary

Aidoc conducted a  retrospective,  blinded,  multicenter study with the BriefCase-Quantification
software  to  evaluate  the  software’s  performance  in  providing maximum  axial  diameter
measurements of the abdominal aorta in CT images in 160 cases, from 6 US-based clinical sites,
both academic and community centers, compared to the ground truth, as determined by three US


                                                                                   5

board-certified radiologists. The cases collected for the pivotal dataset were all distinct in time and/or
center from the cases used to train the algorithm.

Primary Endpoint
The  algorithm performance showed  that the mean absolute  error between the ground  truth
measurement and algorithm was 1.95 mm (95% CI: 1.59 mm, 2.32 mm).  Because the mean
absolute error estimate was below the prespecified performance goal, the study’s primary endpoint
was achieved.

The reported similar mean absolute error [the subject device: 1.95 mm (95% CI: 1.59 mm, 2.32 mm);
the reference device: 1.6 mm (95% CI: 1.5 mm, 1.7 mm)] demonstrates comparable performance.

As can be seen  in Table  2,  the mean age  of  patients whose scans were reviewed  for
BriefCase-Quantification of the Abdominal Aortic Measurement was 66.8 years, with a standard
deviation of 14.8 years. Gender distribution was 58.8% male, and 40.0% female ( Table 3 ). Scanner
distribution can also be found in Table 4 below.

                             Table 2. Descriptive Statistics for Age
                    Mean     Std      Min    Median   Max     N
             Age
                          66.8     14.8     25      69      90      160               (Years)


                           Table 3. Frequency Distribution of Gender

                               Gender     N*   %

                                 Male      94  58.8%

                               Female     64  40.0%

    * 2 cases had unknown gender defined in the DICOM metadata header and were excluded from the
                                     gender distribution

                        Table 4. Frequency Distribution of Manufacturer

                                Manufacturer   N   %

                              Siemens                                          52   32.5%

                         GE                                          46   28.8%

                                        Philips                                          39   24.4%

                                  Toshiba                                          23   14.4%

                                         Total       160   100%


                                                                                   6

aidoc
Clinical Subgroups and Confounders: Inflammatory; Neoplasm; Trauma; Abdominal Pathologies;
Urinary system pathologies and None of the above.
Additional descriptive statistics and Bland Altman analysis were also reported in the labeling.
In summary, performance validation data, combined with a comparison of mean absolute error
metric with the reference device demonstrated equivalent performance.
Conclusions
The subject BriefCase-Quantification of the Abdominal Aortic Measurement (M-AbdAo), the
predicate Viz RV/LV and the reference device Al-Rad Companion (Cardiovascular) are intended to
aid in medical image management and processing of radiological images in CT. The subject,
predicate and the reference devices are not intended to be used as diagnostic devices. All three
devices are software packages with similar technological characteristics and principles of operation,
incorporating deep learning Al algorithms that process images. They additionally operate in parallel
to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they have the potential to allow accurate
measurement and facilitate the standard manual workflow.
In both devices, the labeling instructs the user that the results are not intended to be used on a
stand-alone basis for clinical decision making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment. The subject
and reference device have similar clinical indications and show substantially similar performance.
The BriefCase-Quantification of the Abdominal Aortic Measurement (M-AbdAo) device is thus
substantially equivalent and is as safe and effective to the Viz RV/LV and Al-Rad Companion
(Cardiovascular).

7