HighRAD Ltd.
℅ John Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 Thirteenth St.
Washington, District of Columbia 20004

                                                         March 1, 2024Re: K231690
    Trade/Device Name: iCAS-LV
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: January 29, 2024
    Received: January 29, 2024

Dear John Smith,

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K231690 - John Smith                                                                Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director, Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                        Food and Drug Administration                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                      See PRA Statement below

510(k) Number (if known)
 K231690

Device Name

iCAS-LV
Indications for Use (Describe)


The iCAS -LV is intended to receive multi-phase volume datasets of reconstructed studies from PACS devices, to
process them and to transfer the processing output to the PACS in DICOM format. It is a PC-based, self-contained,
noninvasive image analysis software application. The device provides tools  for visualization, measurements,
segmentation, annotation, images registration, processing, and reporting.

The device is intended for use by trained physicians. Further, the iCAS-LV is indicated to support the physicians in
visualization of CT reconstructed images and evaluation of physician-identified liver lesions. The combination of the
visualization, interactive segmentation, measurements, automatic registration, and volumetric analysis, supports the
physician in evaluation of the lesions in terms of size, shape, position and changes over time. The iCAS should not
be used in isolation for diagnosis and making patient management decisions.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
           X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including
          the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and
         complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
          other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human
                                           Services Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                             Page 1 of 1                                   PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K231690
                                      510(k) SUMMARY
                                 HighRad’s iCAS-LV

Submitter:

HighRAD, Ltd
132 Menachem Begin St.
Azrieli Center, Round Tower Fl.22
P.O.B 67, Tel Aviv 6702101, Israel

Phone:  +972-54-22-66660

Contact Person: Yossi Srour

Date Prepared:      February 29, 2024

Name of Device:     iCAS-LV

Classification Name: Medical image management and processing system

Regulatory Class:    Class II

Product Code:      QIH

Regulation:         21 CFR 892.2050

Predicate Device:   IQQA-LIVER Software from EDDA Technology, Inc. (K061696)

Device Description

The iCAS-LV (iCAS hereafter) provides tools for interactive segmentation of radiologist-identified liver
lesions, automatic lesion length (diameter) and lesion volume computation, supervised automatic liver
registration of the prior and current contrast-enhanced CT (ceCT scans, henceforth CT scans), semiautomatic lesions matching between two scans, and automatic lesion length (diameter) and volume
change over time computation. These software tools will enable the user to easily assess the individual
lesions volume and length (diameter), the total lesions burden volume and their evolution over time.
This may help save  radiologists and  clinicians  significant time and  effort and improve  the
comprehensiveness and reliability of their reporting. The processing of the CT scans by iCAS does
not rely on nor use any CT scanner-specific data. The device is compatible with CT scanners of
vendors and models that conform to DICOM requirements as specified in the device Labeling.

The output is a quantitative analysis of the liver lesions volumes and their locations in the prior and
current CT scans and a quantitative analysis of the volumetric changes of these lesions over time. The
pipeline process consists then of two validation/manual steps and four automatic/semi-automatic steps
as follows:

1)  Generate liver ROI of both Prior and Current scans.
    2)  Registration of liver ROIs using deformable registration.
    3)  Lesion segmentation using 3D U-Net models. Segmentations are not displayed to the user
         until lesions are identified in Step 4
    4)  Designation of the liver lesions by the radiologist in both prior and current scans, with the
        selection and validation of their computed segmentations, including, when needed, manual
        correction of these computed lesion segmentations.
    5)  Semi-automatic lesion matching of the identified lesions in the Prior and Current CT scans,
        including Labeling the lesions as existing, new or disappeared.
    6)  Lesions and lesions change quantification (volume and diameter), which can be extended to
      a complete longitudinal CT study analysis. The technique computes various quantitative lesion
      change measures and identifies key slices in each scan.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

The iCAS -LV is intended to receive multi-phase volume datasets of reconstructed studies from PACS
devices, to process them and to transfer the processing output to the PACS in DICOM format. It is a
PC-based, self-contained, noninvasive image analysis software application. The device provides tools
for visualization, measurements, segmentation, annotation, images registration, processing, and
reporting.

The device is intended for use by trained physicians. Further, the iCAS-LV is indicated to support the
physicians in visualization of CT reconstructed images and evaluation of physician-identified liver
lesions. The combination of the visualization, interactive segmentation, measurements, automatic
registration, and volumetric analysis, supports the physician in evaluation of the lesions in terms of
size, shape, position and changes over time. The iCAS should not be used in isolation for diagnosis
and making patient management decisions.

Performance Data

The following testing was conducted for the iCAS-LV system with data included in the 510(k)
document.

Software Verification and Validation

Software verification and validation were conducted for the iCAS-LV software to validate  it for its
intended use per the design documentation in line with recommendations outlined in General
Principles of Software Validation, Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff. The iCAS-LV software
demonstrated passing results on all applicable unit, integration, and requirements testing.

Non-Clinical Performance Testing

Phantom Testing

HighRAD performed a phantom study evaluating sphere volume, sphere volume difference, and
related measures with estimates generated by the iCAS algorithm and by two expert radiologists using
a dedicated CT liver phantom. The results demonstrated the algorithm performed well against the
ground truth for volume (cc) estimation and in relation to the expert readers. Sphere diameter (mm)

estimates for the algorithm were slightly better than reader estimates in most cases, with readers
similarly overestimating diameter. RECIST (mm) assessments were also collected as an additional
assessment. The analysis of changes across locations on pairs of phantoms indicated the scanner
was in line with reader performance for changes in location, volumes and invariance due to positioning.

Four scanners were evaluated; the performance was confirmed in all scanners with some small
differences, as could be expected given the multiplicity of testing (GE, Philips, Siemens, and Canon).
Hence, this phantom study supported the effectiveness of the algorithm for both volume and diameter
estimation on multiple platforms.

Standalone Performance Testing

HighRAD conducted a clinical data analysis comparing lesion volume and length (diameter), as well
as changes in lesion volume and length over time, using estimates generated by physician-assisted
iCAS software, in comparison to ground truth determined by three radiologists. The analysis supports
the utility of the iCAS algorithm based on DICE, ASSD, SHD, volume and RECIST measurements.
The comparison  results demonstrated  that when used by a trained  radiologist, the iCAS-LV
assessment of lesions 3D volumetric agrees with the radiologist manual assessment.

The deep learning algorithm was tested using the following dataset:

    •  The retrospective multi-site data set consists of 108 patients (54 from Israel and Italy and 54
       from the US) consists of 219 ceCT scans with 2,127 liver lesions. Of those, 1,942 lesions have
      a diameter >5mm (0.06cc), and 1,130 have a diameter >10mm (0.52cc). The mean number of
        lesions per scan is 9.7±13.1 with a mean lesion RECIST diameter of 13.97±12.41 mm and
     mean volume of 3.95±23.98cc.
    •  There were 51 females and 57 males with a mean age of 62 ±12 years (min 31 and max 92
        years).
    •  For the volume changes over time calculation, the mean number of pairs of lesions per pairs
        of scans was 4.4±5.0.
    •  The clinical data used for the validation contained the following scanner manufacturers: GE
       Medical Systems, Philips, Siemens, Toshiba, Hitachi and some classified as “unknown”.
    •  The ground truthing process involved two experienced radiologists, one of whom is US boardcertified, independently identifying and delineating liver metastases in abdominal ceCT scans.
     A  third senior  radiologist reviewed and compared  their  findings, with the  final  lesion
        delineations validated or modified by the third radiologist being considered as the Ground Truth
         for the study.


Substantial Equivalence

The predicate device, legally marketed IQQA-LIVER Software (K061696), and the iCAS-LV have the
same intended use of communicating CT studies in DICOM format and of processing volumetric data.

Both the iCAS-LV and the predicate device are indicated for processing CT studies for visualization,
evaluation and reporting of physician-identified liver lesions. Both devices support physicians in

evaluating physician-identified liver lesions by combining image processing, viewing and reporting
    tools.

   The technological characteristics of the two devices are similar but different because of each device's
    unique software design. The verification and validation (V&V) process includes phantom testing,
   bench testing and clinical experimental study to address any safety and effectiveness concerns. The
    device performance was verified and validated in software and bench tests with 4 commercially
    available CT scanners by known vendors. The experimental  clinical study was performed  in
   conformance with the clinical environment using clinical studies from Israel, Italy and the US. Thus,
    the V&V process aimed to meet all the requirements of international standards and internal design
    control procedures. A comparison table is presented below.

             Subject Device                          Predicate DeviceParameter           iCAS -LV                           IQQA-LIVER Software (K061696)
Intended    The iCAS -LV is intended to receive multi-  Indications for Use (intended use): The IQQAuse         phase volume datasets  of reconstructed  Liver is a PC-based, self-contained,
              studies from PACS devices,  to process  noninvasive image analysis software application
            them and to transfer the processing output   for reviewing serial multi-phase CT acquisitions
                to the PACS in DICOM format. It is a PC-  of the liver. Combining image viewing,
             based, self-contained, noninvasive image  processing and reporting tools, the software is
              analysis software application. The device  designed to support physicians in the
              provides     tools      for     visualization,  visualization, evaluation and reporting of liver
            measurements, segmentation, annotation,  and physician-identified liver lesions. The
            images   registration,   processing,  and  software supports a workflow based on
               reporting. The device is intended for use by  automated image registration for viewing and
               trained physicians.                          analyzing multi-phase volume datasets. It also
                                                          includes tools for interactive segmentation and
Indications    Further, the iCAS-LV is indicated to support  labeling of liver segments and vascular
for use       the  physicians  in  visualization  of CT  structures. The software provides functionalities
              reconstructed images and  evaluation  of   for manual or interactive segmentation of
               physician-identified   liver   lesions.  The  physician-identified lesions, and allows for
             combination of the visualization, interactive  regional volumetric analysis of such lesions in
             segmentation,  measurements,  automatic  terms of size, shape, position and enhancement
                registration,  and   volumetric   analysis,  pattern, providing information for physician's
              supports the physician in evaluation of the  assessment of lesion characterization. The
               lesions in terms of size, shape, position and  software is designed for use by trained
            changes over time. The iCAS should not be  physicians. Image source: DICOM
            used in isolation for diagnosis and making
               patient management decisions.

21CFR      892.2050                               892.2050
section
Product     QIH                                LLZ
Code
Device      PC-based self-contained post processing  PC-based self-contained post processing SW
nature    SW package                           package

Subject Device                          Predicate DeviceParameter           iCAS -LV                           IQQA-LIVER Software (K061696)
Data inputs  CT reconstructed images in DICOM format  CT reconstructed images in DICOM format

SW        The HighRAD uniquely designed SW,        Similar SW functions performed by EDDA
Functions    supports a workflow, which is based on     unique design.
            automated image registration, manual or
                interactive segmentation of physicianidentified liver lesions, for viewing and
              analysing multi-phase volume datasets, It
              also includes tools for Labeling and
               reporting.

Graphical   A  graphical user  interface  for users  to  A graphical user interface for users to interact
User           interact with the software, to visualize CT  with the software, to visualize CT data, to select
Interface      data,  to  select  tools and  to  drive  the  tools and to drive the workflow
             workflow

Data      CT images in DICOM format           CT images in DICOM format
outputs

   Conclusions

   The iCAS-LV is as safe and effective as the predicate device. The device has the same intended use
   and similar indications, technological characteristics, and principles of operation as its predicate
    device. The minor differences in indications do not alter the intended use of the device and do not
    affect  its safety and effectiveness when used as labeled.   In addition, the minor technological
    differences between iCAS-LV and its predicate devices raise no new issues of safety or effectiveness.
    Thus, the iCAS-LV is substantially equivalent.