EOS imaging
Moran Celestin, Design Quality and Regulatory Affairs Engineer
10 rue Mercoeur
Paris, France 75011

Re: K231917
                                                                           January 5, 2024    Trade/Device Name: VEA Align
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: December 4, 2023
    Received: December 4, 2023

Dear Moran Celestin:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K231917 - Moran Celestin                                                             Page  2


product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K231917

Device Name
VEA Align


Indications for Use (Describe)
This cloud-based software is intended for orthopedic applications in both pediatric and adult populations.
2D X-ray images acquired in EOS imaging’s imaging systems is the foundation and resource to display the interactive
landmarks overlayed on the frontal and lateral images. These landmarks are available for users to assess patient-specific
global alignment.
For additional assessment, alignment parameters compared to published normative values may be available.
This product serves as a tool to aid in the analysis of spinal deformities, degenerative diseases, lower limb alignment
disorders, and deformities through precise angle and length measurements. It is suitable for use with adult and pediatric
patients aged 7 years and older.
Clinical judgment and experience are required to properly use the software.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification (K231917)
                                                         VEA Align

This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the
requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

1  SUBMITTER
   EOS imaging
    10 rue Mercoeur
     Paris, France 75011
    Phone: +33 1 55 25 60 60
    Fax: +33 1 55 25 60 61

    Contact Person:             Moran CELESTIN
                                Design Quality and Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                       EOS imaging
                                 Contact Phone: +33 1 55 25 60 60

    Date Summary Prepared:      January 5, 2024

2  DEVICE
    Trade Name:             VEA Align
   Common or Usual Name:      Cloud-based software
     Classification Name:          Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
                                  (21 C.F.R. § 892.2050)
    Regulatory Class:             Class II
    Product Code:             QIH

3  LEGALLY MARKETED PREDICATE DEVICES


     510(k)                   Product Name                   Clearance Date
    K172346               sterEOS Workstation                   June 2018


4  DEVICE DESCRIPTION
VEA Align is a software indicated for assisting healthcare professionals with global alignment
assessment through clinical parameters computation.

The product uses biplanar 2D X-ray images, exclusively generated by EOS imaging's EOS
(K152788) and EOSedge (K202394) systems and generates an initial placement of the patient
anatomic landmarks on the images using a machine learning-based algorithm. The user may
adjust the landmarks to align with the patient's anatomy. Landmark locations require user
validation. The clinical parameters communicated to the user are inferred from the landmarks
and are recalculated as the user adjusts the landmarks.

The product is hosted on a cloud infrastructure and relies on VEA Portal for support capabilities,
such as user access control and data access. 2D X-ray image transmissions from healthcare


CONFIDENTIAL                                                  Page 1 of 7

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification (K231917)
                                                         VEA Align

institutions to the cloud are managed by VEA Portal. VEA Portal is a Class I 510(k)-exempt device
(LMD).

5  INDICATIONS FOR USE
This cloud-based software is intended for orthopedic applications in both pediatric and adult
populations.

2D X-ray images acquired in EOS imaging’s imaging systems is the foundation and resource to
display the interactive landmarks overlayed on the frontal and lateral images. These landmarks
are available for users to assess patient-specific global alignment.

For additional assessment, alignment parameters compared to published normative values may
be available.

This product serves as a tool to aid in the analysis of spinal deformities, degenerative diseases,
lower limb alignment disorders, and deformities through precise angle and length measurements.
It is suitable for use with adult and pediatric patients aged 7 years and older.

Clinical judgment and experience are required to properly use the software.

6  TECHNOLOGICAL COMPARISON TO PREDICATES
The subject device was compared to the predicate device in intended use, indications for use,
design, function and technology and it was demonstrated that they are substantially equivalent.
Any technological differences within this 510(k), between the subject device and the predicate
device, does not impact substantial equivalence, or safety and effectiveness.


CONFIDENTIAL                                                  Page 2 of 7

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                                       VEA Align


                                                      Table 5-1: Comparison for Substantial Equivalence

 Characteristic                   Predicate Device                                Subject Device                      Substantially Equivalent?
                            sterEOS Workstation                        VEA Align
                                     510(k): K172346
Indication for    The sterEOS Workstation is intended for use in the  This  cloud-based  software   is  intended   for  Yes, both devices are indicated for
Use                  fields of musculoskeletal radiology and orthopedics in  orthopedic applications in both pediatric and adult  the display and digital processing of
                  both pediatric and adult populations as a general  populations.                            2D X-ray images. Both devices are
                  device for acceptance, transfer, display, storage, and                                                      indicated  for  the same  type  of
                                                     2D X-ray images acquired  in EOS imaging’s                        digital  processing  of 2D  X-ray  images  of  the                                                    disease, i.e., in the case of diseases
                                                                    imaging systems is the foundation and resource                   musculoskeletal  system  including  interactive  2D                                                          that have an impact on the patient's
                                                                                 to display the interactive landmarks overlayed on                measurement tools.                                                                                        global alignment.
                                                                         the frontal and lateral images. These landmarks
                                                                                                   The information provided by both             When using 2D X-ray images obtained with the EOS  are available for users to assess patient-specific
                                                                                                                       products is to be used as a                  imaging EOS system, sterEOS Workstation provides   global alignment.
                                                                                                                              diagnostic aid for the user.                     interactive 3D measurement tools:
                                                                    For additional assessment, alignment parameters
                   • To aid  in the analysis  of  scoliosis and related  compared to published normative values may be
                     disorders and  deformities  of the spine  in  adult   available.
                      patients as  well as  pediatric  patients. The 3D  This product serves as a tool to aid in the analysis
                  measurement  tools  include  interactive  analysis   of  spinal  deformities,  degenerative  diseases,
                  based   either  on   identification   of  anatomical  lower limb alignment disorders, and deformities
                   landmarks for postural assessment, or on a model of  through precise angle and length measurements.
                                                                                                                          It  is suitable  for use with adult and pediatric                  bone structures derived from an a priori image data
                                                                             patients aged 7 years and older.                      set from 175  patients (91 normal  patients, 47
                      patients with moderate idiopathic scoliosis and 37   Clinical judgment and experience are required to
                      patients with severe idiopathic scoliosis), and dry  properly use the software.
                       isolated vertebrae data  for spine modeling. The
                  model of bone structures is not intended for use to
                   assess  individual  vertebral abnormalities and  is
                      indicated only for patients 7 years and older. For
                      postural assessment, a set of comparative tools is
                    provided  allowing the comparison  of performed
                  measurements to reference values for patients over
                  18 years old.


      CONFIDENTIAL                                                                             Page 3 of 7

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                                       VEA Align


 Characteristic                   Predicate Device                                Subject Device                      Substantially Equivalent?
                            sterEOS Workstation                        VEA Align
                                     510(k): K172346
                   • To aid in the analysis of lower limbs alignment and
                      related disorders and deformities based on angle
                  and length measurements. The 3D measurement
                       tools include interactive analysis based either on
                         identification of lower limb alignment landmarks or
                   as for the spine, on a model of bone structures
                     derived from an a priori image data set. The model
                       of bone structures is not intended for use to assess
                       individual bone  abnormalities. The 3D package
                      including model-based measurements and torsion
                    angles  is indicated only for patients 15 years or
                       older.   Only  the 2D/3D  ruler  is  indicated  for
                  measurements in patients younger than 15 years
                        old.

Regulatory       Class II                                           Class II                                  The product code for the predicate
Class/Code      LLZ                                       QIH                                            device is LLZ. The QIH product
                  (21 CFR 892.2050)                                  (21 CFR 892.2050)                           code was created after clearance of
                                                                                                                           the predicate device and appears to
                                                                                                      be a better match for VEA Align
                                                                                                                     than LLZ. VEA Align employs
                                                                                                         machine learning based algorithms
                                                                                                                                         that were trained from data
                                                                                                                  generated by EOS Imaging's
                                                                                                                  imaging systems to automate the
                                                                                                                                       radiological image processing and
                                                                                                                                   analysis.
Device           System, Image Processing, Radiological             Automated Radiological Image Processing        Yes, both devices are classified
Classification                                                       Software                                     under 21 CFR 892.2050.
Name
Operating       Windows                                    Windows + MAC                               Yes, the subject device is
System                                                                                                              compatible with windows like the
                                                                                                                            predicate device.  It is also


      CONFIDENTIAL                                                                             Page 4 of 7

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                                       VEA Align


 Characteristic                   Predicate Device                                Subject Device                      Substantially Equivalent?
                            sterEOS Workstation                        VEA Align
                                     510(k): K172346
                                                                                                                      compatible with the MAC operating
                                                                                                                   system.
User Population   Clinicians (radiologists, orthopedists, radiographers),   Surgeons and clinical staff (physician assistants)   Yes, while the user population is
                 3DServices persons, which have been trained to use    that have been trained to use the application         slightly different, the inclusion of
                   the application                                                                                 surgeons and clinical staff do not
                                                                                                                                            affect device safety or
                                                                                                                                  effectiveness.
Target         3D measurement tools are used on adult and         The device is indicated only for patients 7 years     Similar. The subject device is
Population         pediatric patients over 7 years of age who suffer from   and older.                                       dedicated to understanding the
                     scoliosis and deformed spine pathology and for                                                             global alignment of patients, spine
                    patients over 15 years of age with deformed lower                                               and lower limb included. The 15-
                   limb pathology.                                                                                            year-old limitation of the predicate
                                                                                                                      device was attached to workflow
                                                                                                                      dedicated specifically to lower limbs
                                                                                                                                       only. This workflow is not present
                                                                                                                                                   in the subject device. This
                                                                                                                                 difference does not affect device
                                                                                                                                safety or effectiveness.
Software          Global alignment assessments                        Global alignment assessments                Yes
Functionalities /
Modalities
Image         2D images display and basic manipulation (zoom,     2D images display and basic manipulation          Similar. In VEA Align the user does
Manipulation      panning, distance, and angles measurements)         (zoom, panning)                                  not have the possibility to make
Functions                                                                                                                          additional measurements after
                                                                                                                         reviewing the alignment provided
                                                                                                            by the software. The removal of
                                                                                                                                                   this function does not prevent VEA
                                                                                                                                Align from achieving its intended
                                                                                                              purpose and does not create a new
                                                                                                                                                  risk in VEA Align. The computation
                                                                                                                                         of the specific clinical parameters
                                                                                                                    claimed in the VEA Align User
                                                                                                        Manual is not impacted by the
                                                                                                                removal of this function. This
                                                                                                                                  function is not linked to the


      CONFIDENTIAL                                                                             Page 5 of 7

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                                                       VEA Align


 Characteristic                   Predicate Device                                Subject Device                      Substantially Equivalent?
                            sterEOS Workstation                        VEA Align
                                     510(k): K172346
                                                                                                               performance of VEA Align.
                                                                                                                    Consequently, there is no impact
                                                                                                      on the effectiveness of VEA Align.
Measurement     Distances and Angles                               Distances and Angles                       Yes
Functions
3D Model        The 3D model is deformed manually by the user      The 3D model supports the initial placement of      In VEA Align, the 3D model is not
                  through control points up to matching accurately the    the patient anatomic landmarks on the images      visible to the user and the latter
                  X-ray contours. This deformation is performed by       using a machine learning-based algorithm. It is     cannot interact with it. The 3D
                  using the common linear least squares estimation       not displayed to the user and as such it is not     model is not part of the device
                    algorithm.                                                part of the device outputs.                         outputs contrary to the predicate
                                                                                                                              device. This difference does not
                                                                                                                       prevent VEA Align from achieving
                                                                                                                                                                            its intended purpose and does not
                                                                                                                           create a new risk in VEA Align.
                                                                                                                           Therefore, this difference does not
                                                                                                                                            affect device safety or
                                                                                                                                  effectiveness.
User Interface    Computer                                      Computer                                 Yes
Software         Standalone                                       Cloud-based software                           Yes, the difference regarding the
Environment                                                                                                           software environment does not
                                                                                                                            introduce new risks, or impact
                                                                                                                                      existing risks. Therefore, this
                                                                                                                                 difference does not affect device
                                                                                                                                safety or effectiveness.


      CONFIDENTIAL                                                                             Page 6 of 7

Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification
                                                         VEA Align

7  PERFORMANCE DATA
Nonclinical performance testing performed on the subject device, VEA Align, supports substantial
equivalence to the predicate device. The following V&V testing was performed:

   A.  Verifications activities cover the following:

          •  Design input review
          •   Unit testing
          •  Software integration
          •  System integration

   B.  Validation activities cover the following:

          •   Validation of the multifunctional requirements in terms of design.
          •   Usability testing was performed to demonstrate that VEA Align can be used safely
            by assessing and mitigating usability risks.
          •   Validation of the reproducibility and accuracy of clinical parameter outputs.
          •  Standalone performance assessment of the machine learning algorithm.  The
               testing dataset consisted of 555 patients which demographic characteristics
              covering the intended use population, including images from EOS (K152788) and
          EOSedge (K202394) systems.  Direct comparison between skeletal landmark
               locations between  the  subject VEA  Align  device and  predicate  sterEOS
             Workstation (K172346) met acceptance criteria for algorithm performance.


8  CONCLUSION
Based upon the information provided in this 510(k) submission, it has been determined that the
subject device, VEA Align, is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device in
regards to indications for use, intended use, design, technology, and performance.


CONFIDENTIAL                                                  Page 7 of 7