Qure.ai Technologies
℅ Srinidhi Ragunathan
Regulatory Clinical Affairs Manager
Level 7, Commerz II, International Business Park
Oberoi Garden City, Goregaon(E)
Mumbai, Maharashtra 400063
INDIA
                                                               September 22, 2023

Re: K231149
    Trade/Device Name: qXR-CTR
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: August 24, 2023
    Received: August 24, 2023

Dear Srinidhi Ragunathan:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K231149 - Srinidhi Ragunathan                                                         Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                            Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K231149

Device Name
qXR-CTR


Indications for Use (Describe)
qXR-CTR is a deep-learning based software for use by hospitals and clinics for automated assessment of the CTR on
chest X-ray (CXRs) scans.

qXR-CTR is designed to measure the ratio of the maximal transverse diameter of the heart (CD) and the maximal inner
transverse diameter (TD) of the thoracic cavity and calculate the CTR value on posterior-anterior view chest view using
an artificial intelligence algorithm.

The intended users of this device are physicians or licensed practitioners in healthcare institutions, such as clinics,
hospitals, residential care facilities, long-term care services, and healthcare facilities.

The system is suitable for adults ≥ 22 years of age.

The device is used to aid the intended users and results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical
decision making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CTR cases.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K231149


                                      510(k) SUMMARY

                                        Qure.ai’s qXR-CTR

1   SUBMITTER


Qure.ai Technologies
Level 7, Commerz II,
International Business Park
Oberoi Garden City, Goregaon (E),
Mumbai 400 063
Phone: +91-9768123013
Primary Contact Person: Srinidhi Ragunathan
Secondary contact person: Bunty Kundnani


Date Prepared:  August 23, 2023


2   DEVICE


         Name of Device:  qXR-CTR


   Common or Usual Name:  Automated radiological image processing software

           Classification Name:  Medical image management and processing system


            Regulatory Class:   Class II

         Regulation Number:  21 CFR 892.2050

              Product Code:  QIH


3   PREDICATE DEVICE

       Name of Device:  EFAI Intelligent Cardiothoracic Ratio (iCTR) Assessment System

           Manufacturer:   Ever Fortune.AI Co., Ltd.

           510(k) Number:  K212624


                                      1

K231149


4   INTENDED USE / INDICATIONS FOR USE:

qXR-CTR is a deep-learning based software for use by hospitals and clinics for automated assessment
of the CTR on chest X-ray (CXRs) scans.

qXR-CTR is designed to measure the ratio of the maximal transverse diameter of the heart (CD) and
the maximal inner transverse diameter (TD) of the thoracic cavity and calculate the CTR value on
posterior-anterior view chest view using an artificial intelligence algorithm.

The intended users of this device are physicians or licensed practitioners in healthcare institutions,
such as clinics, hospitals, residential care facilities, long-term care services, and healthcare facilities.

The system is suitable for adults ≥ 22 years of age.

The device is used to aid the intended users and results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone
basis for clinical decision making or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CTR cases.

5   DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The qXR-CTR is a non-invasive software medical device designed to be installed on the computer with
specific  system  requirements.  It  is  a  radiological  computer-assisted  software  system  that
automatically analyzes DICOM chest X-ray images in PA view and outputs the cardiac diameter,
thoracic diameter, and CTR through an artificial intelligence algorithm. The structured report includes
a preview of the compressed chest X-ray image with the automatically derived CTR result and
annotation line, indicating the maximal transverse diameter of heart and maximal inner transverse
diameter of thoracic cavity.

6   COMPARISON OF THE PREDICATE DEVICE

qXR-CTR is technologically similar to the predicate device, EFIA iCTR Assessment in regard to intended
use and technological characteristics. Both are medical image management and processing system
intended to read chest X-rays to measure target structures (cardiac and thoracic diameter). The
algorithms function similarly and there are no notable technological differences between the subject
and predicate devices.

In terms of establishing substantial equivalence, the subject and predicate device have the same
intended use, as an image processing tool that measures anatomical structures and produces caselevel output. The indications for use proposed for the subject device are similar those of the predicate
device.

                    Table 1 Comparison between qXR-CTR and the Predicate Device

                              Predicate Device               Subject Device


   Device Name              EFAI Intelligent Cardiothoracic   qXR-CTR
                               Ratio (iCTR) Assessment
                           System
   510(k) Number           K212624                NA
   Regulation               21 CFR 892.2050             21 CFR 892.2050
   Regulation Description      radiological computer-           radiological computer-assisted
                                assisted software              software


                                             2

K231149


                           Predicate Device               Subject Device


Product Code            QIH                       QIH
Device type                Quantifying software           Quantifying software
Manufacturer              Ever Fortune.AI Co., Ltd.        Qure.ai Technologies


Intended use /             EFAI Intelligent Cardiothoracic   qXR-CTR is a deep-learning based
Indications for Use          Ratio Assessment System (or    software for use by hospitals and
                            iCTR) is a software for use by     clinics for automated assessment of
                             hospitals and clinics to          the CTR on chest X-ray (CXRs) scans.
                            automatically assess the
                             cardiothoracic ratio (CTR) of a   qXR-CTR is designed to measure the
                           chest X-ray image from the X-    ratio of the maximal transverse
                            ray imager subject. The iCTR is  diameter of the heart (CD) and the
                          designed to measure the       maximal inner transverse diameter
                        maximal transverse diameter    (TD) of the thoracic cavity and
                             of heart and maximal inner      calculate the CTR value on posteriortransverse diameter of          anterior view chest view using an
                             thoracic cavity and calculate      artificial intelligence algorithm.
                          the CTR of a chest X-ray image
                               in posterior-anterior (PA)       The intended users of this device are
                           chest view using an artificial     physicians or licensed practitioners in
                              intelligence algorithm.          healthcare institutions, such as clinics,
                          Intended users of the            hospitals, residential care facilities,
                          software are aimed to the       long-term care services, and
                            physicians or other licensed     healthcare facilities.
                              practitioners in the healthcare  The system is suitable for adults ≥ 22
                                institutions, such as clinics,      years of age.
                               hospitals, healthcare facilities,  The device is used to aid the intended
                               residential care facilities and    users and results are not intended to
                          long-term care services. The    be used on a stand-alone basis for
                         system is suitable for adults      clinical decision making or otherwise
                       between 20 - 80 years of age.   preclude clinical assessment of CTR
                                    Its results are not intended to    cases.
                       be used on a stand-alone
                             basis for clinical decision
                        making or otherwise preclude
                                  clinical assessment of
                             cardiothoracic ratio (CTR)
                             cases.
Algorithm for               AI Algorithm                     Al Algorithm
measurement of target
structures
Modality                  Chest X-ray in Digital           Chest X-ray in Digital Radiography (DR)
                          Radiography (DR)
Input                       Post-anterior (PA) view chest    Post-anterior (PA) view chest X-ray
                            X-ray image                 image
Input format           DICOM                  DICOM
Output Format             Reports, DICOM Secondary      Pdf report is generated, DICOM
                          Capture series                Secondary capture is returned to the
                                                PACS
Report Structure           Report will be output in the     Report will be output in the DICOM
                    DICOM and JSON file format    and JSON file format which is
                         which is structured with         structured with following information


                                          3

K231149


                              Predicate Device               Subject Device


                               following information and      and function tool: 1) CTR 2) annotation
                               function tool: 1) CTR 2)           line (maximal inner border diameter of
                               adjustable annotation line       thoracic cavity and maximal diameter
                            (maximal inner border           of heart)
                            diameter of thoracic cavity
                          and maximal diameter of
                                heart) 3) the trajectory of CTR
                                 (including chest X-ray)
   Intended User              Physicians or other licensed     Physicians or other licensed
                                 practitioners in the healthcare   practitioners in the healthcare
                                  institutions                       institutions
   Target Population          20-80 years                  ≥ 22 years
   Modality                  Chest X-ray in Digital           Chest X-ray in Digital Radiography
                            Radiography
   Intended Use              Healthcare institutions          Healthcare institutions (Clinics,
   Environment                   (Clinics, hospitals, healthcare    hospitals, healthcare facilities,
                                        facilities, residential care         residential care facilities and long-term
                                       facilities and long-term care     care services)
                                 services)
   Software device that       Yes                           Yes
   operates on off the shelf
  hardware
   Software devices uses      Yes                           Yes
   software algorithms for
  image
   Diameter Measurement    Yes                           Yes
   Storage                  Saved in JSON and DICOM file   The text report is generated with the CXR
                            format text for DICOM and      scan on a Structured Report (SR) format for
                      DICOM file format              PACS-based mode. For the Web-based
                                                         mode, the user can download a PDF
                                                                      version of the report with the same
                                                                   information
   Software Requirement     Ubuntu 18.04 (Web browser:   Ubuntu 20.04+
                         chrome 88.0.4324.182 or
                            above)
                          Performance metrics of the predicate device and qXR-CTR

   Performance level          RMSE:                     RMSE:
                              Cardiac Diameter = 8.81 mm    Cardiac Diameter = 7.55 mm
                               Thoracic Diameter = 14.4 mm    Thoracic Diameter = 5.43 mm

                      Mean Absolute Error:        Mean Absolute Error:
                      NR                            5.66 (5.0) mm
                                                            4.04 (3.63) mm


7   SOFTWARE TESTING

Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provided as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket
Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The software for this device has a Moderate
level of concern.


                                             4

K231149


8   PERFORMANCE TESTING – CLINICAL

The performance of qXR-CTR was validated by clinical tests. All the safety parameters of the device
were verified in accordance with the software specifications and applicable performance standards
and met the acceptance criteria(passed), demonstrating that the software fulfills all its requirement
specifications.

Clinical studies were conducted on retrospectively collected chest X-rays to evaluate the performance
of qXR-CTR for measuring the cardiac diameter and thoracic diameter.

The study included 435 scans with PA view from various parts of the US. The ground truth was
established by 3 ABR thoracic radiologists with a minimum of 10 years of experience. The RMSE of the
device in measuring the target structures exceeded the success criteria with RMSE for cardiac
diameter being 7.55 (6.95, 8.34) mm and thoracic diameter being 5.43 (4.95, 6.11) mm. The predicate
EFAI iCTR Assessment’s performance was cardiac diameter RMSE: 8.81 mm and thoracic diameter:
14.4 mm.

Further, the mean absolute error along with standard deviation for both the cardiac and thoracic
diameter was measured at 5.66 (5.0) mm and 4.04 (3.63) mm, respectively.

                        Table 2 Overall Results of Accuracy Testing of qXR-CTR

 Measurement        Root Mean Squared Error (95%   Mean Absolute Error (SD) in mm
                            CI) in mm
 Cardiac Diameter      7.55 (6.96, 8.38)                  5.66 (5.0)
 Thoracic Diameter     5.43 (4.94, 6.09)                  4.04 (3.63)
 CTR                    0.03 (0.02, 0.03)                    0.02 (0.02)


9   CONCLUSION

The comparison in Table 1 and the software and performance testing presented above demonstrate
that the qXR-CTR device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. The qXR-CTR is a software
only device, similar to the predicate (EFAI iCTR Assessment) and has no new risks related to safety and
effectiveness. The qXR-CTR has the same intended users and similar indications, technological
characteristics, and principles of operation as the predicate device. Both devices operate in parallel to
the standard of care workflow. The performance testing demonstrates that the qXR-CTR performs as
intended and is therefore substantially equivalent to the predicate. Software and Clinical testing
support that the device performs in accordance with the device requirements.


                                             5