September 12, 2023

Canon Medical Systems Corporation
℅ Orlando Tadeo, Jr.
Sr. Manager, Regulatory Affairs
Canon Medical Systems USA, Inc.
2441 Michelle Drive
TUSTIN CA 92780


Re: K231748
    Trade/Device Name: Cartesion Prime (PCD-1000A/3) V10.15
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1200
    Regulation Name: Emission Computed Tomography System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: KPS, JAK
    Dated: June 14, 2023
    Received: June 15, 2023

Dear Orlando Tadeo:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K231748 - Orlando Tadeo, Jr.                                                           Page 2


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Magnetic Resonance and Nuclear Medicine Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                          and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEAL TH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                         See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

 51 O(k) Number (if known)
K231748
Device Name
Cartesion Prime (PCD-lO00A/3) Vl0.15


Indications for Use (Describe)


The device is a diagnostic imaging system that combines Positron Emission Tomography (PET) and X-ray Computed
Tomography (CT) systems. The CT component produces cross-sectional images of the body by computer reconstruction
of X-ray transmission data. The PET component images the distribution of PET radiopharmaceuticals in the patient body.
The PET component utilizes CT images for attenuation correction and anatomical reference in the fused PET and CT
images.

This device is to be used by a trained health care professional to gather metabolic and functional information from the
distribution of the radiopharmaceutical in the body for the assessment of metabolic and physiologic functions. This
information can assist in the evaluation, detection, localization, diagnosis, staging, restaging, follow-up, therapeutic
planning and therapeutic outcome assessment of (but not limited to) oncological, cardiovascular, neurological diseases
and disorders. Additionally, this device can be operated independently as a whole body multi-slice CT scanner.

AiCE-i for PET is intended to improve image quality and reduce image noise for FDG whole body data by employing
deep learning artificial neural network methods which can explore the statistical properties of the signal and noise of PET
data. The AiCE algorithm can be applied to improve image quality and denoising of PET images.

Deviceless PET Respiratory-gating system, for use with Cartesion Prime PET/CT system, is intended to automatically
generate a gating signal from the list-mode PET data. The generated signal can be used to reconstruct motion corrected
PET images affected by respiratory motion. In addition, a single motion corrected volume can automatically be generated.
Resulting motion corrected PET images can be used to aid clinicians in detection, localization, evaluation, diagnosis,
staging, restaging, follow-up of diseases and disorders, radiotherapy planning, as well as their therapeutic planning, and
therapeutic outcome assessment. Images of lesions in the thorax, abdomen and pelvis are mostly affected by respiratory
motion. Deviceless PET Respiratory-gating system may be used with PET radiopharmaceuticals, in patients of all ages,
with a wide range of sizes, body habitus, and extent/type of disease.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)                IZJ

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                             Page 1 of2                                                   PSC Publishing ScIVices (301) 443-6740   EF

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORMFDA3881(620) ~~ Pagedofa2

CANON MEDICAL SYSTEMS USA, INC. Made For life

510(k) SUMMARY K231748

1. SUBMITTER’S NAME:
Fumiaki Teshima
Senior Manager, Quality Assurance Department
Canon Medical Systems Corporation
1385 Shimoishigami
Otawara-Shi, Tochigi-ken, Japan 324-8550

2. ESTABLISHMENT REGISTRATION:
9614698

3. OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENT/CONTACT PERSON:
Orlando Tadeo, Jr.
Sr. Manager, Regulatory Affairs
Canon Medical Systems USA, Inc
2441 Michelle Drive
Tustin, CA 92780
(714) 669-7459

4. Date Prepared:
June 12, 2023

5. TRADE NAME(S):
Cartesion Prime (PCD-1000A/3) V10.15

6. COMMON NAME:
System, X-ray, Computed Tomography
System, Emission Computed Tomography

7. DEVICE CLASSIFICATION:
Class II (per 21 CFR 892.1750, Computed Tomography X-ray System and 21 CFR §892.1200,
Emission Computed Tomography System)

8. PRODUCT CODE / DESCRIPTION:
90JAK / Computed Tomography X-Ray System
90KPS / Emission Computed Tomography System

2441 Michelle Drive, Tustin, CA92780 PHONE: 800-421-1968
https://us.medical.canon
Page 1 of 5

9. PERFORMANCE STANDARD:
This device conforms to applicable Performance Standards for lonizing Radiation Emitting Products
[21 CFR, Subchapter J, Part 1020]
10. PREDICATE DEVICE:
retes [sett erent ee ante
Marketed by Regulation Name
Number Code Date
Cartesion Prime Canon 21 CFR Emission Computed .
(Primary Predicate) Systems USA
PET Digital Gatin, GE Medical 21 CFR Emission Computed -
11. REASON FOR SUBMISSION:
Modification of a cleared device
12. DEVICE DESCRIPTION:
Cartesion Prime (PCD-1000A/3) V10.15 system combines a high-end CT and a high-throughput PET
designed to acquire CT, PET and fusion images. The high-end CT system is a multi-slice helical CT
scanner with a gantry aperture of 780 mm and a maximum scan field of view (FOV) of 700 mm. The
high-throughput PET system has a digital PET detector utilizing SiPM sensors with temporal
resolution of <280 ps (263 ps typical). Cartesion Prime (PCD-1000A/3) V10.15 is intended to
acquire PET images of any desired region of the whole body and CT images of the same region (to be
used for attenuation correction or image fusion), to detect the location of positron emitting
radiopharmaceuticals in the body with the obtained images. This device is used to gather the
metabolic and functional information from the distribution of radiopharmaceuticals in the body for
the assessment of metabolic and physiologic functions. This information can assist research,
detection, localization, evaluation, diagnosis, staging, restaging, follow-up of diseases and disorders,
as well as their therapeutic planning, and therapeutic outcome assessment. This device can also
function independently as a whole body multi-slice CT scanner.
The subject device incorporates the latest reconstruction technology, AiCE-i for PET (Advanced
Intelligent Clear-IQ Engine- integrated), intended to improve image quality and reduce image noise
for FDG whole body data by employing deep learning artificial neural network methods which can
more fully explore the statistical properties of the signal and noise of PET data. The AiCE algorithm
will be able to better differentiate signal from noise and can be applied to improve image quality
and denoising of PET images.
A Deviceless PET Respiratory-gating System is being implemented with the subject device. This
system is intended to automatically generate a gating signal from the list-mode PET data. The
generated signal can be used to reconstruct motion corrected PET images affected by respiratory
motion.
Page 2 of 5

13. INDICATIONS FOR USE:
The device is a diagnostic imaging system that combines Positron Emission Tomography (PET) and Xray Computed Tomography (CT) systems. The CT component produces cross-sectional images of the
body by computer reconstruction of X-ray transmission data. The PET component images the
distribution of PET radiopharmaceuticals in the patient body. The PET component utilizes CT images
for attenuation correction and anatomical reference in the fused PET and CT images.
This device is to be used by a trained health care professional to gather metabolic and functional
information from the distribution of the radiopharmaceutical in the body for the assessment of
metabolic and physiologic functions. This information can assist in the evaluation, detection,
localization, diagnosis, staging, restaging, follow-up, therapeutic planning and therapeutic outcome
assessment of (but not limited to) oncological, cardiovascular, neurological diseases and disorders.
Additionally, this device can be operated independently as a whole body multi-slice CT scanner.
AiCE-i for PET is intended to improve image quality and reduce image noise for FDG whole body data
by employing deep learning artificial neural network methods which can explore the statistical
properties of the signal and noise of PET data. The AiCE algorithm can be applied to improve image
quality and denoising of PET images.
Deviceless PET Respiratory-gating system, for use with Cartesion Prime PET/CT system, is intended
to automatically generate a gating signal from the list-mode PET data. The generated signal can be
used to reconstruct motion corrected PET images affected by respiratory motion. In addition, a
single motion corrected volume can automatically be generated. Resulting motion corrected PET
images can be used to aid clinicians in detection, localization, evaluation, diagnosis, staging,
restaging, follow-up of diseases and disorders, radiotherapy planning, as well as their therapeutic
planning, and therapeutic outcome assessment. Images of lesions in the thorax, abdomen and pelvis
are mostly affected by respiratory motion. Deviceless PET Respiratory-gating system may be used
with PET radiopharmaceuticals, in patients of all ages, with a wide range of sizes, body habitus, and
extent/type of disease.
14. SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE:

Cartesion Prime (PCD-1000A/3) V10.15, is substantially equivalent to the primary predicate device,
Cartesion Prime (PCD-1000A/3) V10.8 which received premarket clearance under K203314 and is
marketed by Canon Medical Systems USA. Both systems have the same intended use. The Cartesion
Prime (PCD-1000A/3) V10.15, incorporates modifications to the cleared device including
implementation of Deviceless PET Respiratory-gating system. These changes do not affect the safety
or efficacy of the cleared device, as demonstrated in performance testing. The method of operation
and manufacturing process for the Cartesion Prime remain unchanged from the cleared device. See
below for a brief comparison of the technological characteristics between the subject and the
predicate device:

Page 3 of 5

me Cartesion Prime Cartesion Prime PET Digital Gating
(PCD-1000A/3) V10.15| (PCD-1000A/3) V10.8
with Deviceless PET
Respiratory-gating
system
[Si0k) Number ~~~ This submission (| 20saia——=SC*d TOTS
PET Specifications
e Count rate peak NECR > 160 kcps > 160 kcps N/A
e vBT (Variable Bed Time) Available Available N/A
e CaLM (Clear adaptive Low- Available Available N/A
noise method)
PET Detector
e Sensor SiPM SiPM
CT Scan Performance
e Scan system 360° continuous 360° continuous N/A
rotate/rotate rotate/rotate
e Rated output Max. 60 kW (Max.72 | Max. 60 kW (Max.72 | N/A
kW, optional kW, optional)
e X-ray tube voltage 80/100/120/135 kV 80/100/120/135 kV N/A
e X-ray tube current 10-600 mA 10-600 mA N/A
e X-ray tube cooling rate 1,386 kHU/min (max.) | 1,386 KHU/min (max.) | N/A
e Advanced Intelligent Clear-IQ | Available Available N/A
Engine- integrated [AiCE-i]
PET Respiratory-gating
e Method Deviceless Device-based Deviceless
e Hardware No additional Additional hardware | No additional
hardware required required hardware required
e Device Setup No direct user Direct user interaction] No direct user
interaction required to set up interaction
external device
e Compatible motion Gated with device Gated with device Gated, Q.Static, and
compensation techniques Q.Freeze
able to utilize respiratory
triggers
e Reference protocols for Reference protocols Reference protocols Reference protocols
respiratory gating provided on the provided on the provided on the
system system system
e Triggering operating principle | Triggers generated Based upon external | Triggers generated
from the waveform patient movement as | utilizing software
obtained by applying | determined by algorithm (PCA) for
the principal external hardware evaluation motion of
component analysis device internal anatomy
on the characteristic visualized in the PET
feature map extracted image data.
from the PET image
data
Page 4 of 5

15. SAFETY:
The device is designed and manufactured under the Quality System Regulations as outlined in 21 CFR
§ 820 and ISO 13485 Standards. This device is in conformance with the applicable parts of the
following standards lIEC60601-1, IEC60601-1-2, IEC60601-1-3, |EC60601-1-6, IEC60601-1-9, IEC60601-
2-28, IEC60601-2-44, IEC60825-1, IEC62304, 1IEC62366, NEMA XR-25, NEMA XR-26, NEMA XR-29 and
NEMA NU-2. Additionally, this device complies with all applicable requirements of the radiation
safety performance standards, as outlined in 21 CFR §1010 and §1020.

16. TESTING
Risk analysis and verification/validation testing conducted through bench testing are included in this
submission which demonstrates that the established specifications for the device have been met.
Performance Testing — Bench for Deviceless PET respiratory-gating
A series of bench tests were conducted to support marketing claims associated with the new
Deviceless PET Respiratory-gating system. This system has been demonstrated to be substantially
equivalent to the current method of respiratory gating, using an external device, and, with respect to
quantitative parameters such as accuracy of SUV (max and mean) and tumor volume, is improved
over the current device-based gating method.
Performance Testing — Clinical Images Using Deviceless PET Respiratory-gating system
Three physicians having at least 20 years of experience in nuclear medicine reviewed the respiratory
gated images of 10 patients using Deviceless PET Respiratory-gating system, non-gated images and
those using device-base gating. All three physicians determined that all images were of diagnostic
quality and images with deviceless had better or same performance as non-gated images or devicebased gated images.
Software Documentation for a Moderate Level of Concern, per the FDA guidance document,
“Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices
Document” issued on May 11, 2005, is also included as part of this submission.
Cybersecurity documentation, per the FDA cybersecurity premarket guidance document “Content of
Premarket Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices” issued on October 2,
2014, is also included as part of this submission.
Additionally, testing of the subject device was conducted in accordance with the applicable standards
published by the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) for Medical Devices and CT Systems.
This 510(k) submission was prepared based upon the FDA Guidance for Submission of Premarket
Notifications for Emission Computed Tomography Devices and Accessories (SPECT and PET) and
Nuclear Tomography Systems.

17. CONCLUSION
Cartesion Prime (PCD-1000A/3) V10.15, performs in a manner that is similar to and is intended for
the same use as the predicate device, as indicated in product labeling. Based upon this information,
conformance to standards, successful completion of software validation, application of risk
management and design controls and the performance data presented in this submission it is
concluded that the subject device is substantially equivalent in safety and effectiveness to the
predicate device.

Page 5 of 5