December 18, 2023


Sydney Neuroimaging Analysis Centre Pty Ltd
℅ Belinda Dowsett
Associate Director, Medical Devices / IVD
PharmaLex Pty Ltd
Suite 10.04, 1 Chandos Street
St Leonards, NSW 2064
Australia

Re: K231929
    Trade/Device Name:  iQ-solutionsTM
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: September 19, 2023
    Received: September 19, 2023

Dear Belinda Dowsett:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K231929 - Belinda Dowsett                                                             Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

K231929 - Belinda Dowsett                                                             Page 3


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K231929
Device Name
iQ-solutions™
Indications for Use (Describe)
iQ-solutions™ is a software medical device intended for automatic annotation, visualization, and quantification of
segmentable brain structures from a set of brain MRI scans. It is intended to accelerate and improve the quantification of
brain structures that would otherwise require a manual process of identifying, annotating, and measuring regions of
interest in brain MRI scans.
iQ-solutions™ consists of both cross-sectional and longitudinal analysis pipelines.
+ The cross-sectional pipeline is intended to conduct structure segmentation and volume analysis on brain MRI scans at a
single time point.
+ The longitudinal pipeline is intended to conduct volume change analysis on a single patient’s MRI scans acquired on
the same scanner, with consistent image acquisition protocol and with consistent contrast at two different time points.
The results of the cross-sectional pipeline cannot be compared with the results of the longitudinal pipeline.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
1X] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) {J Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 POC Publishing Serdces 0)449-6760 EF

K231929

Sydney Neuroimaging Analysis Centre                                          Traditional 510(k) iQ-solutions™

5  510(k) Summary – iQ-solutions™

5.1  General Information

 510(k) Sponsor:                       Sydney Neuroimaging Analysis Centre Pty Ltd (SNAC)

                                           Level 1, 94 Mallett Street
 Address:                         Camperdown NSW 2050
                                             Australia
                                     Dr Tim (Chenyu) Wang
 Contact Person:
                                           Director of Operations, Sydney Neuroimaging Analysis Centre
 Contact Information:                     Email: tim@snac.com.au
                                      Phone: + 61 2 9114 4187

 Date Prepared:                      16 Dec 2023

5.2  Device Name and Classification

 Device Name:                           iQ-solutions™

 Trade Name:                            iQ-solutions™

 Common Name:                       Medical Image Processing Software

 Classification Name                    System, Image processing, Radiological

 Classification Panel:                     Radiology

 CFR Section:                        21 CFR §892.2050

 Device Class:                              Class II

 Product Code                          QIH, LLZ

5.3   Predicate Device

 Product Name:                           icobrain

 Device Trade Name:                      Icobrain

 510(k) Number                      K192130

 Clearance Date:                     December 13, 2019

 Manufacturer:                           icometrix NV

 Common Name                        Medical Image Processing Software

 Classification Name:                    System, Image processing, Radiological

 Classification Panel:                     Radiology

 CFR Section                         21 CFR §892.2050


Dec-23                                                                                              5-1

Sydney Neuroimaging Analysis Centre                                          Traditional 510(k) iQ-solutions™


      Device Class                               Class II

     Product Code                           LLZ

    5.4  Standards Applied
    iQ-solutions™ software has been designed, developed, and tested by the following product and
    process standards:
       •   ISO 13485:2016 Medical devices — Quality management systems — Requirements for
            regulatory purposes
       •   ISO 14971:2019 Medical devices – Application of risk management to medical devices
       •   IEC 62304:2006 + A1:2015 Medical device software – software life cycle processes
       •   IEC 62366-1:2015 Medical devices – Part 1: Application of usability engineering to medical
            devices
       •   ISO 12052:2006 Digital Imaging and communication in Medicine (DICOM)
       •  CFR 21 Part 820 Quality System Regulation for Medical Devices

    5.5  Device Description
    The following flowchart describes the iQ-solutions™ process and analysis:

                                                                                                  Final report (pdf,
                                                            Output           DICOM outputInput images             Pre-               Image                                                                generation           images, dynamic  (DICOM)           processing            processing                                                                (report/images)            reports in a
                                                                       webpage format)

    iQ-solutions™ is a standalone software device that processes brain MRI scans to outline and quantify
    the brain structures described in the intended use. The iQ-solutions™ software interacts with the
    user’s picture archiving and communication system (PACS) to receive scans and returns the results to
    the same destination or other user-specified radiology software system or database.
    iQ-solutions™ analysis module consists of pre-trained convolutional neural networks (CNN) that have
   been verified and validated to segment the specific brain structures and create binary masks
    accordingly using the incoming head MRI scans. Each convolutional neural network is coupled with a
    pre-processing component that transforms the MRI scans to the standard position and contrast; and
    a post-processing component that prepares for the output annotations, statistical calculation, and
    the input of the next analysis component in either analysis pipeline.
    iQ-solutions™ operates together with a medical image routing software or an integration platform
    that can connect with iQ-solutions™ and a PACS system that can fulfill the requirements of iQsolutions™.
   MRI scans are sent to iQ-solutions™ by means of transmission functions within the user’s PACS system.
   Upon completion of processing, iQ-solutions™ returns results to the user’s PACS or other userspecified radiology software system or database.
    The results from iQ-solutions™ are not intended to be used as a diagnostic tool, and the interpretation
    of measurements contained in the iQ-solutions™ report remains entirely the responsibility of the
     qualified radiologists or physicians managing the individual patient’s care.


    Dec-23                                                                                              5-2

Sydney Neuroimaging Analysis Centre                                          Traditional 510(k) iQ-solutions™

iQ-solutions™ takes as input brain MRI scans. During image processing, cross-sectional and
longitudinal segmentation is performed, and measurements of the segmented brain structures are
provided. The resulting outputs are generated and provided in the form of quantitative reports and
the annotation masks of specific segmentations in DICOM format. The reports are in PDF format
which are returned to the PACS, together with DICOM images that display colored overlays of
specific brain substructures and, where relevant, white matter hyperintensities superimposed on
duplicates of the original DICOM images (with watermarks to inform users that these images are not
to be used for diagnostic purposes). iQ-solutions™ also provide dynamic reports in a webpage
format in which the scan overview panel becomes scrollable, allowing the user to browse through
different slices of the scan in the sagittal, coronal, and axial planes.
In this release of iQ-solutions™, the two types of analysis pipelines (cross-sectional study and
longitudinal study) are conducted, and different reports are generated together with the generated
masks, including:
iQ-MS™ PDF report:
    •   Normalized volume and volume change of the whole brain (sum of white matter and gray
       matter)
    •   Normalized volume and volume change of gray matter
    •   Normalized volume and volume change of the thalami
    •  Unnormalized volume and volume changes of FLAIR white matter hyperintensities (if any)
    •  Unnormalized volume of T1 post-contrast white matter hyperintensities
    •   Brain and brain substructure volumes compared with a healthy cohort.
iQ-COG™ PDF report:
    •   Normalized volume and volume change of the whole brain (sum of white matter and gray
       matter)
    •   Normalized volume and volume change of cortical gray matter
    •   Normalized volume of the cortex in brain lobes (frontal, parietal, temporal, occipital)
    •   Normalized volume and volume change of the hippocampi
    •  Asymmetry index of left and right cortex in lobes and left and right hippocampi
    •  Unnormalized volume and volume changes of FLAIR white matter hyperintensities (if any)
    •   Brain and brain substructure volumes compared with a healthy cohort.

5.6   Indications for Use
iQ-solutions™ is a software medical device intended for automatic annotation, visualization, and
quantification of segmentable brain structures from a set of brain MRI scans.  It is intended to
accelerate and improve the quantification of brain structures that would otherwise require a manual
process of identifying, annotating, and measuring regions of interest in brain MRI scans.
iQ-solutions™ consists of both cross-sectional and longitudinal analysis pipelines.
    •  The cross-sectional pipeline  is intended to conduct structure segmentation and volume
        analysis on brain MRI scans at a single time point.
    •  The longitudinal pipeline is intended to conduct volume change analysis on a single patient’s
      MRI scans acquired on the same scanner, with consistent image acquisition protocol and with
        consistent contrast at two different time points.
The results of the cross-sectional pipeline cannot be compared with the results of the longitudinal
pipeline.


Dec-23                                                                                              5-3

Sydney Neuroimaging Analysis Centre                                          Traditional 510(k) iQ-solutions™

5.7  Comparison with Predicate Device
iQ-solutions™ (subject device) has the same intended use as icobrain 5.0 (K192130) (predicate device)
as both are intended  for automatic  labelling,  visualization and volumetric  quantification of
segmentable brain structures based on three-dimensional medical images. The devices both take 3D
images of the brain as input and generate an electronic report with similar quantitative information.
The principal difference between the devices is that, in addition to MRI images, the predicate icobrain
5.0 (K192130) is able to process non-contrast CT (NCCT) images (for ‘icobrain cross’). This difference
does not result in a new intended use; and does not impact the safety or effectiveness of the subject
device.
The subject device and the predicate device have different technological characteristics with respect
to software features, functionalities and core algorithms. These different technological characteristics
do not impact the safety or effectiveness of the subject device: specifically, performance data confirms
that the subject device is as safe and effective as the predicate device.
Table 2 shows the comparison between the subject device and  its predicate and no major
technological differences were found between the two systems that raise new issues of safety and/or
effectiveness. Thus, the iQ-solutions™ is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


Dec-23                                                                                              5-4

Sydney Neuroimaging Analysis Centre                                                                                                        Traditional 510(k) iQ-solutions™


                                 Table 2: Comparison table for iQ-solutions™ as the subject device and icobrain 5.0 (K192130) as the Predicate Device.

                                    Subject device:                                Predicate Device:
   Characteristic                                                                                          Summary
                                    iQ-solutions™                               icobrain 5.0 (K192130)
Intended Use         iQ-solutions™ is a software medical device        icobrain 5.0 is intended for automatic labelling,   Intended use is the same.
                    intended for automatic annotation,               visualization and volumetric quantification of    There is a difference in functionality that does
                        visualization, and quantification of             segmentable brain structures from a set of      not constitute a major difference.
                   segmentable brain structures from a set of     MRI or Non-Contrast CT (NCCT) images. This                                                                                                        Both devices are intended for automatic                     brain MRI scans. It is intended to accelerate      software is intended to automate the current                                                                                                                                          labelling, visualization and quantification of                  and improve the quantification of brain         manual process of identifying, labelling and                                                                                                          segmentable brain structures.                      structures that would otherwise require a        quantifying the volume of segmentable brain
                                                                                                        Both devices have two pipelines that are                  manual process of identifying, annotating, and   structures identified on MRI or NCCT images.
                   measuring regions of interest in brain MRI       icobrain 5.0 consists of two distinct image        intended for cross-sectional analysis and                                                                                                                             longitudinal analysis, which are intended for                      scans.                                          processing pipelines: icobrain 5.0 cross and                                                                                                          images from a single time point and different                     iQ-solutions™ consists of both cross-sectional     icobrain 5.0 long.                                                                                                             time points respectively. The results from the
                  and longitudinal analysis pipelines.                  •    icobrain 5.0 cross is intended to provide                                                                                                                            pipelines cannot be compared.
                          •   The cross-sectional pipeline is intended to       volumes from MRI or NCCT images acquired
                       conduct structure segmentation and              at a single brain time point.
                                                                                                                  iQ-solutions™ works with MRI images only,                     volume analysis on brain MRI scans at a        •    icobrain 5.0 long is intended to provide                                                                                                               while icobrain 5.0 works with both MRI                            single time point.                             changes in volumes between two MRI                                                                                                        images and NCCT images (only for icobrain 5.0                          •   The longitudinal pipeline is intended to          images that were brain acquired on the                                                                                                                                   cross). This difference does not result in a new                       conduct volume change analysis on a single     same scanner, with the same image                                                                                                           intended use; rather, use with NCCT only                           patient’s MRI scans acquired on the same         acquisition protocol and with the same                                                                                                       broadens the application to scenarios in which                         scanner, with a consistent image                 contrast at two different time points.                                                                                           NCCT is the preferred input. This difference                           acquisition protocol and with consistent                                                                                                      does not affect the safety or effectiveness of                          contrast at two different time points.                                                           The results of the icobrain 5.0 cross cannot be    the subject device.
                  The results of the cross-sectional pipeline                                                          compared with the results of icobrain 5.0 long.
                    cannot be compared with the results of the
                       longitudinal pipeline.
Technological          •   Software package, with off-the-shelf           •   Software package, with off-the-shelf        Same.
Characteristics           software                                      software
                                                                                     •   Operates on off-the-shelf hardware                          •   Operates on off-the-shelf hardware                                                                             (multiple vendors)                           (multiple vendors)                                                                                     •  DICOM compatible


Dec-23                                                                                                                                                      5-5

Sydney Neuroimaging Analysis Centre                                                                                                        Traditional 510(k) iQ-solutions™


                                    Subject device:                                Predicate Device:
   Characteristic                                                                                          Summary
                                    iQ-solutions™                               icobrain 5.0 (K192130)
                          •  DICOM compatible                                •   Segmentation by classical machine learning
                          •   Segmentation by machine learning and         and deep learning (supervised voxel
                     deep learning algorithms (supervised               classification with Convolutional Neural
                       segmentation with Convolutional Neural         Networks)
                       Networks)                                          •   Image pre-processing components
                          •   Image pre-processing components             •   Measurement calculation
                          •   Measurement calculation                        •   Report generation techniques
                          •   Report generation techniques
Anatomical Region   Head                                   Head                                 Same
of Interest
Product Input         •   Pre-contrast T1-weighted MRI scans from     •   T1-weighted and fluid-attenuated inversion   Similar.
(Data Acquisition         single or multiple time points,                   recovery (FLAIR) MRI images from a single    Both the subject device and the predicate
Protocol)               •   Fluid-attenuated inversion recovery (FLAIR)       or multiple time points                      device process T1 and FLAIR MRI images from
                    MRI scans from single or multiple time         •   Non-contrast CT (NCCT) from a single time     single or multiple time points.
                           points, and                                        point.                              NCCT may be used with icobrain 5.0 but not the
                          •   Post-contrast T1-weighted MRI scans from                                                     subject device; lack of this additional input
                       a single time point.                                                                              compatibility does not impact the safety or
                                                                                                                                                  clinical function of the subject device.
Product Output       •   Multiple electronic reports with volumetric    •   Multiple electronic reports with volumetric    Similar.
                         information on brain structures and white        information on brain structures and                                                                                                                           icobrain 5.0 additionally outputs the degree of
                       matter hyperintensities (if any)                   hyperintensities and midline shift (for NCCT                                                                                                                           ‘midline shift’ but this is calculated on NCCT
                          •   Automatically compares results to                only)                                          (relevant to specific clinical scenarios only). As
                         reference percentile data and to prior scans   •   Automatically compares results to a          iQ-solutions™ does not analyze NCCT, this
                   when available                                 reference healthy population data and to     difference does not impact the safety of the
                          •   Annotated DICOM images that can be             prior scans when available                    subject device and is not clinically significant
                         displayed on DICOM workstations and         •   Annotated DICOM images that can be
                          Picture Archive and Communications             displayed on DICOM workstations and
                       Systems (PACS)                                   Picture Archive and Communications
                                                                  Systems (PACS)


Dec-23                                                                                                                                                      5-6

Sydney Neuroimaging Analysis Centre                                                                                                        Traditional 510(k) iQ-solutions™


                                    Subject device:                                Predicate Device:
   Characteristic                                                                                          Summary
                                    iQ-solutions™                               icobrain 5.0 (K192130)
Findings Covered    MR:                                  MR:                                                  Similar.
                          •   Normalized volume and volume changes of   •   Normalized volume and volume changes of   iQ-solutions™ does not process NCCT images
                        the whole brain                               the whole brain                         and therefore does not report findings for CT
                          •   Normalized volume and volume changes of   •   Normalized volume and volume changes of   images.
                         gray matter                                    gray matter                                For head MRI analysis, iQ-solutions™ is similar
                          •   Normalized volume and volume changes of   •   Normalized volume and volume changes of   to icobrain 5.0, except that the subject device
                             cortical gray matter                                  cortical gray matter                          iQ-solutions™ does not report statistics related
                                                                                                                     to regional (lobar) cortical volume change or                          •   Normalized cortical volumes of cortex in       •   Normalized volume and volume changes of                                                                                                    T1-w image-derived hypo-intensities. iQ-                          brain lobes (frontal, temporal, parietal and        cortex in frontal, temporal, parietal and                                                                                                                  solutions™ additionally reports volume analysis                             occipital)                                             occipital lobes                                                                                                                         of the thalamus.
                          •   Normalized volume and volume changes in    •   Normalized volume and volume changes in                                                                                                       These differences are not expected to affect                        the hippocampi                               the hippocampi                                                                                                             the safety or effectiveness of the subject
                          •   Normalized volume and volume changes of   •   Normalized volume and volume change of                                                                                                                 device or to be clinically significant in the
                        the thalamus                                             left and right hippocampus                                                                                                      proposed intended use.
                       •   Asymmetry index of structures, including      •   Asymmetry index of structures, including
                         cortex in lobes and hippocampus                 cortex in lobes and hippocampus
                       •   Unnormalized volume and volume changes                                                                                     •   Unnormalized volume and volume changes
                          of FLAIR white matter hyperintensities                                                                           of FLAIR white matter hyperintensities
                          •   Unnormalized volume and volume changes
                                                                                     •   FLAIR white matter hyperintensities in                          of T1-w white matter hyperintensities (in                                                                               different regions (juxtacortical,
                          post-contrast T1-w only)                                                                                periventricular, deep white matter and
                                                                                    infratentorial).
                                                                                     •   Unnormalized volume and volume changes
                                                                           of T1-w white matter hyperintensities and
                                                                            hypointensities
                                                                      CT:
                                                                                     •   Normalized volumes of the whole brain
                                                                                     •   Normalized volumes of the lateral
                                                                                ventricles
                                                                                     •   Normalized volumes of basal cisterns


Dec-23                                                                                                                                                      5-7

Sydney Neuroimaging Analysis Centre                                                                                                        Traditional 510(k) iQ-solutions™


                                    Subject device:                                Predicate Device:
   Characteristic                                                                                          Summary
                                    iQ-solutions™                               icobrain 5.0 (K192130)
                                                                                     •   Measurement of midline shift
                                                                                     •   Volume of hyperintensities

Removal of Cases   No                                 No                                   Same
from the Worklist
Queue
Performance        Accuracy (for MRI only)                        Accuracy for MRI measurement              Same for MRI measurements.
measurement         •   Brain segmentable structure                     •   Brain segmentable structure               As iQ-solutions™ is not designed to analyze CT
testing                volumes/volume changes compared to FSL       volumes/volume changes compared to       images, the measurements for CT input are not
                       generated and manually verified ground         simulated and/or manually labelled ground   applicable in the subject device.
                            truth.                                               truth.
                                                                 Accuracy for CT measurement
                      Reproducibility (for MRI only)                         •    lesions and midline shift compared to
                          •   Brain segmentable structure                   manually labelled ground truth
                      volumes/volume changes compared to test-  •    lateral ventricles and the whole brain: MRI
                           retest images                                images segmented by cleared icobrain 3.0
                                                                      software taken as ground truth
                                                                         Reproducibility for MRI measurement
                                                                                     •   Brain segmentable structure
                                                                volumes/volume changes compared to testretest images.
                                                                         Reproducibility for CT measurements
                                                                                     •   Simulation study
Environment of      iQ-solutions™ is used by trained professionals     icobrain 5.0 is used by trained professionals in   Same
Use                    in hospitals, imaging centers or in image-          hospitals, imaging centers or image-processing
                     processing labs                                   labs
Tested Items        Product Risk Assessment                       Product Risk Assessment                   Same
                    Software verification tests                      Software verification tests
                    Software validation tests                       Software validation tests


Dec-23                                                                                                                                                      5-8

Sydney Neuroimaging Analysis Centre                                          Traditional 510(k) iQ-solutions™


SNAC has determined that the predicate icobrain 5.0 (K192130) has similar technological and
performance characteristics with respect to the segmentation and quantification of normalized
volume and volume changes of different brain structures, including the whole brain, the gray matter,
the cortical gray matter and the cortex in the brain lobes; the unnormalized volume and volume
changes of FLAIR white matter hyperintensities; and the volume of contrast-enhancing T1 white
matter hyperintensities. The differences between the subject device and the predicate device are not
considered to be substantial or significant in the proposed intended use.
The conclusions from the verification and validation data support the assertion that the safety and
effectiveness of the subject and predicate devices are equivalent; and that any differences in the
technological characteristics and functionalities of the subject device do not alter/impact its intended
use relative to the predicate product or have any additional implications with respect to safety or
efficacy. We (SNAC) conclude that iQ-solutions™ is substantially equivalent to icobrain 5.0.

5.8  Performance Data
Each algorithm was tested using the test dataset, which was further verified by trained neuroimaging
analysts and expert radiologists. All algorithms within iQ-solutions™ were verified to have generated
results/metrics for compatible scans that met the pre-determined acceptance level(s).

5.9  Data Preparation and Demographics Info
The algorithms were developed based on SNAC in-house datasets collected from more than 1500
patients over a period of ten years, commencing July 2012, acquired from a wide range of clinical
scanners, including 1.5T and 3T scanners from Siemens (1750 scans in total), GE (2214 scans in total)
and Philips (1593 scans in total). Additionally, publicly available MRI datasets from healthy people
were included for both training and testing, including 2629 scans obtained from 2159 subjects. The
demographic information is included in Table 3.
                           Table 3. Demographic Summary for Used Data

             Diagnosis            Number of                       Number of Scans Datasets                                       Age (mean±std)             (subject/scans)          Subjects (F/M)                          (Vendor:1.5T/3T)
                                                                           2629, including SIEMENS
 Public      Healthy (1823/2225),                     18y to 95y            (347/1449), Philips
                                2159 (1146/1013)
 Data      Dementia (336/404)                       (44.84±20.63)        (307/208), GE (79/221)
                                                                   and others.
                                                                           5664, including SIEMENS
 Private     Multiple sclerosis                         18y to 93y            (698/1052), Philips                                1570 (1069/501) Data       (1570/5664)                              (44.02±13.49)       (243/1350), GE
                                                                          (1008/1206) and others.

The in-house dataset contains patients diagnosed with multiple sclerosis, and the patients are also
with brain atrophy and related cognitive dysfunctions. The scans of healthy people were also included
in the training process to avoid bias. Table 4 summarizes the number of cases and involved subjects
used in training and testing all the algorithms.


Dec-23                                                                                   5-9

Sydney Neuroimaging Analysis Centre                                          Traditional 510(k) iQ-solutions™


        Table 4. Summary of Number of Cases used in Developing/Evaluating Analysis Modules

                                     Number of Cases     Number of     Number of Analysis Modules/Datasets                                                   (Train/Validation)     Cases (Test)     Subjects (All)
 Sequence Classification                      4862                1207          2784
 Brain Extraction                            1843                458           1454

 Scaling Factor Estimation                     2986                527           3513
 White matter hyperintensity Segmentation      1858                464           1026
 Contrast-Enhancing Lesion Segmentation        79                  737           310
 Lesion Inpainting                           449                 80            529
 Brain Tissue Segmentation                   4179                500           3313
 Brain Volume Change Estimation              1487                166           1648
 WMH Lesion Activity                        116                 64            180
 Cortical Lobar and Subcortical Structure
                                          Not applicable **      1504          1436
 Segmentation
 Test-ReTest Dataset                         Not applicable **      120           3
 Comprehensive Test Set                     Not applicable **      81            81

5.10 Data Annotation and Acceptance Criteria
All data used for development were manually labelled to form the ground truth. The labelled items
included sequence types (pre-contrast or post-contrast, T1-weighted or T2-weighted or FLAIR, brainbased or spine-based), skull and scaling factor based on skulls, skull stripped head, brain tissues (white
matter, gray matter and CSF), white matter hyperintensities in patients, contrast-enhancing lesions,
white matter hyperintensity lesion changes (new lesions or enlarged lesions), cortical gray matter
lobes, thalamus, hippocampus, brain volume change. Specifically, the annotations for skull, skullstripping, brain tissues, cortical gray matter lobes, thalamus, hippocampus, and brain volume changes
were originally generated using widely used software items such as FSL and FreeSurfer, and the
annotations were manually reviewed and accepted by trained neuroimaging analysts. The annotations
for white matter hyperintensities (including pre-contrast ones, contrast-enhancing ones, and lesion
changes) were manually annotated by trained neuroimaging analysts. All the annotations are further
reviewed by senior neuroimaging analysts according to SNAC SOP.
The Pass/Fail criteria are based on both the metrics and acceptable rate of the manual review. For
classification modules, accuracy is higher than 0.9 to be accepted; for segmentation modules, DICE
score is higher than 0.6 (for brains the DICE should be higher than 0.9) or R2 is higher than 0.7 to be
accepted. For modules that are lack of ground truths (scaling factor estimation, lesion inpainting, and
substructure volume change estimation), the metrics are better than previously accepted results to
be accepted. For all models, the manual acceptable rate should be higher than 80% to call  it
acceptable.

5.11 Data Split
When used for development, the data were split into training, validation, and test splits. For the
training/validation/test splits of each task, the same subject was ensured to be included in only one
of the three splits, therefore it is ensured the same subject was not used for training and evaluation.
The splits of each analysis component have been reviewed before the development process.


Dec-23                                                                                         5-10

Sydney Neuroimaging Analysis Centre                                          Traditional 510(k) iQ-solutions™


Besides the data used for development, 81 extra patients were reserved as the Comprehensive Test
Set, which is used to evaluate the performance of all the analysis components.

5.12 Verification and Validation Result
The performance data demonstrates continued conformance with special controls for medical devices
containing software. Non-clinical tests were conducted on the subject device during product
development.
Software “bench” testing was performed to evaluate the performance and functionality of the
technical characteristics of iQ-solutions™. All testable requirements in the Requirement Specifications
and the Risk Analysis have been successfully verified and traced.

                     Table 5: Summary of Performances of all the Analysis Modules

 Analysis Modules                              Metric Result       Acceptable Rate       Pass/Fail
 Sequence Classification                        Accuracy = 100%        100%             Pass
 Brain Extraction                                DICE = 0.982           99.3%             Pass
 Scaling Factor Estimation                     STD = 0.0096          100%             Pass
 White matter hyperintensity Segmentation        DICE = 0.789           98.8%             Pass
 Contrast-Enhancing Lesion Segmentation          DICE = 0.790           92.1%             Pass
 Lesion Inpainting                         PSNR = 30.79dB          97.5%             Pass
 Brain Tissue Segmentation                      DICE = 0.972          100%             Pass
 Brain Volume Change Estimation                    R2 = 0.869            96.3%             Pass
 WMH Lesion Activity                               R2 = 0.833            97.5%             Pass
  Cortical Lobar and Subcortical Structure                                                     Pass                                                    R2 = 0.833            96.0%
 Segmentation

 Substructure Volume Change Estimation         STD = 0.0102           98.8%             Pass

The conclusions from the verification and validation data support the assertion that the safety and
effectiveness of the subject and predicate devices are equivalent; and that any differences in the
technological characteristics and functionalities of the subject device do not alter/impact its intended
use relative to the predicate product or have any additional implications with respect to safety or
efficacy. SNAC concludes that iQ-solutions™ is substantially equivalent to icobrain 5.0 (K192130).

5.13 Non-Clinical Tests
Non-clinical tests were conducted to test the functionality of iQ-solutions™. Software validation and
bench testing have been conducted to assess the performance claims as well as the claim of
substantial equivalence to the predicate device. A summary of tests is provided in Table 5 above.
iQ-solutions™ has been tested to meet the requirements of conformity to multiple industry standards.
Non-clinical performance testing demonstrates that iQ-solutions™ complies with the FDA guidance
document, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical
Devices” (May 11, 2005).


Dec-23                                                                                         5-11

Sydney Neuroimaging Analysis Centre                                          Traditional 510(k) iQ-solutions™

5.14  Clinical Tests
No clinical tests were conducted to test the performance and functionality of the subject device as
verification and validation of the subject device have been performed through non-clinical bench
testing. The data from non-clinical bench testing activities were used to support the subject device
and the substantial equivalence argument. No animal testing has been performed on the subject
device.

5.15 Conclusion
The performance testing presented above establishes that iQ-solutions™ is equivalent concerning
safety and effectiveness of the predicate device. The differences in the iQ-solutions™ technological
characteristics do not affect the intended use of the device. The iQ-solutions™ device is substantially
equivalent to the currently marketed device icobrain 5.0 (K192130).


Dec-23                                                                                         5-12