January 31, 2024
Orca Dental AI LTD
℅ Daniel Abraham
CEO
10 Hamanofim Street
HERZLIYA, PO 4672561
ISRAEL

Re: K231396
    Trade/Device Name: CEPHX- Cephalometric Analysis Software
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: January 4, 2024
    Received: January 5, 2024

Dear Daniel Abraham:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K231396 - Daniel Abraham                                                            Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                       Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K231396

Device Name
CEPHX – Cephalometric Analysis Software


Indications for Use (Describe)
CEPHX - Cephalometric Analysis Software is indicated for use by dentists who provide orthodontic treatment for image
analysis, simulation, profilogram, VTO (Visual Treatment Objective), and patient consultation. Results produced by the
software’s diagnostic, treatment planning and simulation tools are dependent on the interpretation of trained and licensed
practitioners or dentists. The device is only for use on patients 14 years old and above.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Date issued:
                                                                        28/01/2024

 Document name: 510(k) Summary CEPHX - Cephalometric Analysis Software

                                                             K231396                                       Page 3 of 9

1.   SUBMITTER NAME AND ADDRESS:

   Orca Dental AI Ltd.
   10 Hamanofim street,
    Herzliya, PO 4672561,
    Israel


2.   CONTACT DETAILS

    a.  Primary contact person details:
   Name: Daniel Abraham
     Title: CEO
    Email: danny@orca-dental.ai
   Phone Number: +972 52 333 3776
    Office: +972 52 333 3776
    b.  Secondary contact person details:
   Name: Chen Porat
     Title: VP Sales & Marketing
    Email: chen@cephx.com
   Phone Number: +972 543129939
    Office: +972 543129939


3.   DEVICE DETAILS:

   Device Trade Name (proprietary name):
   CEPHX – Cephalometric Analysis Software
   Device Common Name:
   Medical Imaging Software
   Product Classification:
   ●  Name: Medical image management and processing system
   ●  Product code: QIH

Date issued:
                                                                        28/01/2024

 Document name: 510(k) Summary CEPHX - Cephalometric Analysis Software

                                       Page 4 of 9

   ●  Regulation No: 892.2050
   ●  Class: II
   ●  Panel: Radiology


4.   PREDICATE DEVICE(S):
   Device Trade Name (proprietary name):
   WebCeph
   Clearence No.:
   K220903
   Device Common Name:
   Medical Imaging Software
   Product Classification:
  ●  Name: Medical image management and processing system
  ●  Product code: LLZ
  ●  Regulation No: 892.2050
  ●  Class: II
Panel: Radiology

5.   DEVICE DESCRIPTION

CEPHX – Cephalometric Analysis Software uses cephalometric x-ray images to help dentists
study the relationships between bone and soft tissue landmarks and can be used to
diagnose facial abnormalities throughout an orthodontic treatment.

As a first step, the user uploads a 2D cephalometric image and the software generates 99
cephalometric landmark points. The landmarks are important points in a lateral
radiographic view of the teeth, jaws and base of the skull, and are used in multiple
cephalometric analyses, which have proven to be a useful aid in basic orthodontic
differential diagnosis. Once the landmark points are created, the user can generate a full

Date issued:
                                                                             28/01/2024

      Document name: 510(k) Summary CEPHX - Cephalometric Analysis Software

                                             Page 5 of 9

     report by choosing from a large selection of built-in analysis methods or create a
    customed analysis using the Analysis Wizard. The report can be printed or downloaded
     according to the user selection.

     6.  INDICATIONS FOR USE & INTENDED USE:

    CEPHX - Cephalometric Analysis Software is indicated for use by dentists who provide
     orthodontic treatment for image analysis, simulation, profilogram, VTO (Visual Treatment
      Objective), and patient consultation. Results produced by the software’s diagnostic,
     treatment planning and simulation tools are dependent on the interpretation of trained and
      licensed practitioners or dentists. The device is only for use on patients 14 years and above.


     Patient population:
      Patients 14 years old and above.

     Intended users:
     The software is to be used by qualified dentists.
     Before any use of the software, the user has to be trained on proper and safe use of the
     software.

     7. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS
      WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE


Parameter        CEPHX                   WebCeph K220903          Comparison
Indication for Use   CEPHX - Cephalometric Analysis  WebCeph is a software          Different -
                    Software is a software indicated   indicated for use by dentists    Has no safety or
                       for use by dentists who provide  who provide orthodontic        security impact on
                     orthodontic treatment for image  treatment for image analysis,    the product. The
                        analysis, simulation, profilogram,                                                         simulation, profilogram,       STO and age
                VTO (Visual Treatment Objective)                                            VTO/STO (Visual Treatment

Date issued:
                                                                             28/01/2024

      Document name: 510(k) Summary CEPHX - Cephalometric Analysis Software

                                             Page 6 of 9

Parameter        CEPHX                   WebCeph K220903          Comparison
                  and patient consultation. Results  Objective) and patient           differences are
                   produced by the software’s        consultation. Results produced  detailed below.
                       diagnostic, treatment planning   by the software’s diagnostic,
                  and simulation tools are          treatment planning and
                  dependent on the interpretation                                                      simulation tools are dependent
                      of trained and licensed                                            on the interpretation of trained
                       practitioners or dentists. The                                              and licensed practitioners or
                     device is only for use on patients                                                            dentists. The device is only for
                  14 years old and above.                                                    the use of patients above 7
                                                     years old.
Platform            IBM-compatible PC or PC network IBM-compatible PC or PC      Same
                                                network
Operating           Microsoft Window 7, 8, 10        Microsoft Window 7, 8, 10     Same
System
User Interface       Mouse, Keyboard              Mouse, Keyboard           Same
CPU processor type   x64-based processor or higher    x64-based processor or higher  Same
Image            BMP, JPG, PNG               BMP, JPG, PNG             Same
Communication
Standard

Modality Support     X-ray or CT                       X-ray or CT                Same
Component           Client (Internet Browser)          Client (Internet Browser)      Same
Database         MySQL                        PostgreSQL                      Different -
Compatibility                                                               Has no safety,
                                                                                            security or
                                                                             performance
                                                                               impact on the
                                                                                      product. The
                                                                                        difference is
                                                                                   explained and
                                                                                        detailed below.


Image Measurement Linear distance, angle             Linear distance, angle        Same
tools
Image viewing         Full, side by side, thumbnail,        Full, side by side, thumbnail,   Same
                Zoom in / out, template.       Zoom in / out, template.
Image manipulation  Brightness, contrast, flip, rotate,   Brightness, contrast, flip, rotate, Same
                     annotation, cephalometric        annotation, cephalometric
                        tracing.                             tracing.

Date issued:
                                                                             28/01/2024

      Document name: 510(k) Summary CEPHX - Cephalometric Analysis Software

                                             Page 7 of 9

Parameter        CEPHX                   WebCeph K220903          Comparison
Cephalometric        In addition to the user-configured In addition to the user-       Same
tracing                analysis, standard orthodontic    configured analysis, standard
                       tracing analysis include: Downs,   orthodontic tracing analysis
                       Steiner, Jarabek, McNamara,      include: Downs, Steiner,
                        Ricketts, Eastman, Kim, Wits.      Jarabek, McNamara, Ricketts,
                                                  Eastman, Kim, Wits.
Implant module     None                      None                    Same
3D imaging capability None                      None                    Same
Image annotation     Paint, draw, magnify, line          Paint, draw, magnify, line      Same
                     drawing, distance measure (px or  drawing, distance measure (px
                 mm), 3-point angle,              or mm), 3-point angle,
                        ruler(calibrate), select region      ruler(calibrate), select region
                      crop.                             crop.
Treatment Planning,  -Translate, tip and rotate incisors, -Translate, tip and rotate        Different -
Simulation and follow reposition molars, rotate           incisors, reposition molars,     Has no safety or
up                 mandible and skeletal structures - rotate mandible - Superimpose  security impact on
                   Superimpose one or more growth one or more growth tracings    the product. The
                       tracings over original tracing.     over original tracing.             Skeletal structure
                                                                                        difference is
                                                                                   explained and
                                                                                        detailed below.
Supported Area      Dental, Maxilla, Mandible         Dental, Maxilla, Mandible     Same

      8.   INDICATION FOR USE COMPARISON:

     The subject device doesn't have the STO (Surgical Treatment Objective) - this is a feature to outline
      soft tissues. Note having this feature doesn’t impact the product safety, security or performance.
      In addition, the phrase “the use of” was changed to “use on” to make it clearer that it is referring
      to the target patient population. Lastly, the predicate device is intended for use in patients aged
     7 and up, while the subject device  is intended for use in patients aged 14 and up. This
      difference does not raise any new questions of safety and effectiveness since we are just
      excluding the age group we do not have clinical data at this time.

Date issued:
                                                                        28/01/2024

 Document name: 510(k) Summary CEPHX - Cephalometric Analysis Software

                                       Page 8 of 9

9.   TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

CEPHX - Cephalometric Analysis Software is a software that does not contact the patient, nor
does it control any life sustaining devices. Results produced by the software’s diagnostic,
treatment planning tools are dependent on the interpretation of trained and licensed
practitioners or dentists.

The software is a supporting tool, providing recommendation for tracing landmarks on Ceph
images, but not replacing the action performed by the clinician.

The technological characteristics are as described in the table above.


10. PERFORMANCE DATA

A study for Verification of Artificial-Intelligence (AI) computer generated landmarks in
cephalometric tracing versus manual landmarks provided by orthodontic specialists was
conducted. In general, The study aimed to verify the accuracy of AI-generated landmarks in
cephalometric tracing compared to manually generated landmarks by orthodontic specialists.
CephX, the AI-based cephalometric analysis software, was evaluated for its reliability and
precision in detecting critical cephalometric landmarks compared to three experienced
orthodontic specialists. The study design involved the comparison of 21 clinically significant
landmarks detected automatically by the AI algorithm to the manually detected landmarks by the
three orthodontic specialists, with a margin of up to 2.0mm considered "pass" and a margin
above this range considered "fail".

The results showed that 99% of landmarks were identified, meeting the study endpoint and predefined hypothesis. The secondary endpoints also showed very good accuracy without any
outliers. The device's stand-alone performance was established against the ground truth, and the
acceptance criteria of at least 85% of cases meeting the "pass" criteria were satisfied.

Date issued:
                                                                        28/01/2024

 Document name: 510(k) Summary CEPHX - Cephalometric Analysis Software

                                       Page 9 of 9

11. CONCLUSIONS

The CEPHX - Cephalometric Analysis Software and the predicate device have similar intended
use, indication for use, technological features and performance characteristics.


Performance and software validation data demonstrate that the differences between the CEPHX
- Cephalometric Analysis Software and the predicate do not raise any new questions of safety
and effectiveness.