DASI Simulations
Lakshmi Dasi, Chief Technology Officer
5115 Parkcenter Ave
Suite 205
Dublin, Ohio 43017
                                                                           January 8, 2024
Re: K231324
    Trade/Device Name: DASI Dimensions (V1.0)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: December 13, 2023
    Received: December 14, 2023

Dear Manali Shah:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K231324 - Manali Shah                                                               Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K231324                                                           I
Device Name
 DASI Dimensions (V1.0)

Indications for Use (Describe)
 DASI Dimensions is a standalone, non-invasive, clinical decision support software solution that is
 intended for use by cardiologists and radiologists in context of the aortic stenosis population.

 DASI Dimensions provides the end-user with pre-defined images and measurements (diameters,
 lengths, angles, areas, and perimeters) of cardiovascular structures.

 The clinician receiving the results retains the responsibility for interpreting and validating  all
 information and making all patient treatment decisions.

 DASI Dimensions is not intended to replace the clinician's decision or device's instructions for use.

 DASI Dimensions is prescription use only.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                          [    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       [Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) #:  1<231324                                                    Prepared on: 2024-01-02                      510(k) Summary
 Contact Details                                               21 CFR 807.92(a)(1)

 Applicant Name                             I DASI Simulations

 Applicant Address           5115 Parkcenter Ave Suite 205 Dublin OH 43017 United States
 Applicant Contact Telephone  I (909) 247-5143             ~----------------------------~
 Applicant Contact                             I Ms. Manali Shah

 Applicant Contact Email                             I manali.shah@dasisim.com

 Correspondent Name                                  I DASI Simulations

 Correspondent Address           5115 Parkcenter Ave Suite 205 Dublin OH 43017 United States
 Correspondent Contact Telephone I (770)335-8953               ~---------------------------
 Correspondent Contact            I Dr. Lakshmi Dasi               ~---------------------------
 Correspondent Contact Email      I 1akshmi.dasi@dasisim.com
 Device Name __                                        21 CFR 807.92(a)(2)
 Device Trade Name               ~ID_A_S_I _D_im_e_n_si_o_n_s_(V_1 _.0_) _________________~

Common Name               Medical image management and processing system

 Classification Name          Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
 Regulation Number               ~I8_9_2_.2_0_5_o_______________________~

 Product Code              QIH
 Legally Marketed Predicate Devices                          21 CFR 807.92(a)(3)
 Predicate#            Predicate Trade Name (Primary Predicate is listed first)           Product Code
I K153736           I I 3mensio Workstation                                                 1 1 LLZ
 Device Description Summary                                 21 CFR 807.92(a)(4)

 DASI Dimensions is an image post-processing software system intended for clinical decision support in the context of pre-procedural
 planning ofTranscatheter Aortic Valve Replacement (TAVR) procedures. The software provides users w ith a report of generated
 dimensions of cardiac structures. DASI Dimensions software is not operated by physicians.

 DASI Dimensions is an off-site software system that receives cardiologists and/or radiologists' input via upload of patient multiphase
 DICOM computed tomography angiography (CTA) chest image files through DASI Simulations web portal. The processed report is then
 available for viewing and downloading. The report is generated using proprietary algorithms that (a) detect key aortic root control
 points w ith the assistance of a static deep learning artificial intelligence (Al) model and (b) calculate anatomical measurements relevant
 for pre-TAVR evaluation. DASI Simulations engineers perform quality checks at both st eps before releasing the report to the end user via
 the portal.

UA:>I uImensIons aoes not come in contact wIrn rne patient, nor aoes It control any me sustaining aevIces. 1ne mrormauon provIaea oy
DASI Dimensions is not diagnostic, nor does it determine recommended medical care.

The cardiologists and/or radiologists receiving the results retains the responsibility for interpreting and validating all information and
making all patient treatment decisions.

DASI Dimensions:

• Supports quantification of cardiac structures for pre-procedural planning of aortic stenosis patients in consideration for potential TAVR
procedures.
• Provides the measurement of different structures of the heart, e.g., aorta, aortic root, aortic valve.

Intended Use/Indications for Use                             21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)

DASI Dimensions is a standalone, non-invasive, clinical decision support software solution that is intended for use by cardiologists and
radiologists in context of the aortic stenosis population.

DASI Dimensions provides the end-user with pre-defined images and measurements (diameters, lengths, angles, areas, and perimeters)
of cardiovascular structures.

The clinician receiving the results retains the responsibility for interpreting and validating all information and making all patient
treatment decisions.

DASI Dimensions is not intended to replace the clinician's decision or device's instructions for use.

DASI Dimensions is prescription use only.

Indications for Use Comparison                              21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)

DASI Dimensions and the predicate device have similar indications for use and have the same intended use. Both devices provide the
end-user with reports for pre-operative planning for cardiovascular interventions with images and measurements. The difference in the
two indications is the support of certain modules (dimensions in coronary arteries, quantification of calcifications and certain
visualization techniques such as volume rendering, MPR etc.) by the predicate device that are not supported by DASI Dimensions.
Technological Comparison                                    21 CFR 807.92(a)(6)

A comparison of the technological characteristics of the subject device to the predicate device is presented below:

1. Target Area: The predicate device's target areas include the heart, ascending, descending aorta and peripheral vasculature. The
subject device's target areas are cardiac structures specific to Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement such as aortic root, aortic valve,
sinus of valsalva, sinotubular junction and ascending aorta.
2. Functionality: Both the subject and predicate device enable linear (diameter/perimeter), angular and areal measurements of cardiac
structures with annotations. The predicate device has additional tools for volume measurements and scoring of calcification in addition
to the functionality described above.
3. Interpretation of Images: The outputs of both the subject and predicate devices are interpreted by Health Care Professionals (HCP).
4. Technical Method: Both the subject and predicate devices use an automated algorithm involving segmentation and centerline
detection of cardiac structures.
5. Software Architecture: Both the subject and predicate devices have multiphase DICOM data provided by clinical users as input, while
the reports are prepared by qualified operators and made available digitally.
                                                                                    -
Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Tests Summary & Conclusions   21 CFR 807.92(b)

Non-clinical bench performance testing includes the relevant information described in the FDA guidance document "Recommended
Content and Format of Non-Clinical Bench performance Testing Information in Premarket Submissions". The subject device has been
evaluated and verified in accordance with software predefined specifications and applicable performance standards through software
verification and validation testing.

Software verification and validation testing confirmed that the software requirements fulfilled the predefined acceptance criteria. The
reference standard was derived from 2 qualified truthers truthing each CTA, whose measurements were averaged for each case. If there

was a sIgnmcam variance oetween UJe inmaI two truUJers, an aaJuaIcator was 1nvoIvea. 1o ensure UJe uniqueness or a11 aata usea in UJe
studies, each case UID (unique identifier) was monitored. Relevant studies incorporated data with various distributions of ethnicity,
gender, and age. All data was collected through the DASI Simulations secure server, AWS, through internal workstations operated by
trained DASI Dimensions operators.

Software verification and validation testing were conducted and documentation was provided as recommended by FDA's Guidance for
Industry and FDA Staff, "Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices".

As described in the DASI Dimensions Software Verification and Validation Plan (TPl 31 ), the following testing was completed:

      (i) Software Verification and Validation: Software verification activities were done to verify that design inputs described in the
software requirements specifications can be traced to design outputs including corresponding software design documents, test
procedures, and system software. Software validation activities were performed to ensure that the design outputs meet design inputs
using a complete DASI Dimensions system software release.

             a. Traceability Matrix (RMFl 12): Generated to trace each functional requirement (design input) through implementation
(design output). Functional Requirements testing (TRl 42 and TR143) were performed to ensure that each design input can be traced to
the design output. The results showed successful performance of the functional testing.

           b. Al Control Point Detection Validation Study (WI 112 and TRl 32) trained and tested the Al model using training, validation,
and testing datasets. Control point deviation has been shown to have clinically significant impact on the final outputs when > 3 mm of
error is introduced thus an acceptance criteria of s; 3 mm was used to determine success of an individual control point. In the Al testing
dataset the Al generated control points were compared to manual control points generated by qualified DASI Dimensions operators
(ground truth), error resulted in a success rate of 75.3% of points. All testing, validation, and training cases were independent of each
other and were not used in any other validation studies.

             c. Automatic Measurements Validation Study (TPl 33 and TRl 33) was performed to verify the accuracy of the automatic
measurement process of DASI Dimensions. The automatic measurement outputs generated using control points were compared to the
measurements generated manually by clinicians using current standard of care methods. The primary measurements showed s;l 5%
error in s;95% of cases thus satisfying the acceptance criteria. The secondary measurements showed s;20% error in s;95% of the cases
thus satisfying the acceptance criteria. The automatic measurement outputs showed agreement with the manual measurements
generated by clinicians with no statistically significant differences between the two measurement groups.

           d. Performance Validation Study (TPl 34 and TRl 34) was used as validation of the overall performance of the device. A cohort
of patient CT images (n=40), representative of the general population of patients with tricuspid aortic valves and aortic stenosis, were
processed through the DASI Dimensions semi-automatic Al enhanced workflow by trained DASI Simulations operators where outputs
were compared to qualified clinician truther generated measurements. The Al generated control points performed at an 85.3% success
rate achieving the acceptance criteria of ~75%. The mean percentage error in primary outputs was 0.93% (Cl: positive 8.65%, negative
-6.80%) and -1.02% (Cl: positive 3.49%, negative -5.54%) respectively for the annulus area and perimeter, satisfying the acceptance
criteria of s;l 0% error in ~95% of cases. The mean percentage difference in secondary outputs was 4.77% (Cl: positive 11.26%, negative
-1.72%), 4.13% (Cl: positive 11.61%, negative -3.35%), 3.29% (Cl: 8.83%, negative -2.25%) respectively for the left-, right- and noncoronary sinus of valsalva diameters, 1.25% (Cl: positive 8.80%, negative -6.30%) and 2.200/4 (Cl: positive 8.46%, negative -4.06%)
respectively for sinotubular junction maximum and minimum diameters, and 0.12% (Cl: positive 5.29%, negative -5.05%) for the
ascending aorta maximum diameter, satisfying the acceptance criteria of s; 15% error in ~95% of cases. The mean percentage difference
in the tertiary output between DASI Dimensions and clinician truthing was 2.66% (Cl: positive 24.98%, negative -19.66%) for the aortic
valve angle, satisfying the acceptance criteria of s;25% error in ~95% of cases. No trends were observed between the aortic valve annulus
error and patient or scan characteristics. Scans were independent of those used for Al training or any other validation study.

            e. Operator Variability Study (TPl 36 and TRl 36) validated the repeatability and reproducibility of DASI Dimensions outputs
produced by different operators. The study evaluated whether the observed inter-operator variability in the selection of control points
and alteration of measurement location/contours can introduce significant difference in the DASI Dimensions measurement outputs.
Using a dataset of CTAs (n = 14), comparison of the annulus area outputs from DASI Dimensions made by trained DASI Simulations
operators (n = 5) showed excellent inter-operator agreement (precision) and to clinician ground truth measurements (accuracy), with an
ICC of 0.96 and s; 10% difference from clinician measurements in ~95% of cases. Both acceptance criteria were met, thus demonstrating
that the variability in DASI Dimensions outputs due to operator inputs is within acceptable limits.

               f. Human Factors/Usability Validation (TPl 37 and TRl 37) was conducted to assess the DASI Dimensions operator (n = 6)
interactions with the Processing Stage of DASI Dimensions software system user interface to identify use errors that would or could
result in serious harm to the patient or user. The purpose of the Human Factors and Usability Testing is to assess the effectiveness of risk
management measures. Overall, the DASI Dimensions Processing Stage Human Factors evaluation showed that the DASI Dimensions
Processing Stage user interface is user-friendly and reduces use-related risk. There were no instances of a system failure where a failure is
defined as the inability for a participant to complete any of the critical tasks provided to them. The findings of the DASI Dimensions
Processing Stage Human Factors evaluation shows that the relevant hazards have been reduced to a residual risk that is acceptable. The

o success ra e o   e sys em an  posI Ive ee   ac  regar Ing ow m uI Ive  e user m er ace was s owe   a   e   pera Iona
Hazard Use Error" (Hazard ID Section 9.0) and "Information Hazard - Labeling" (Hazard ID Section 10.0) hazards were successfully reduced
to an acceptable residual risk due to a remote probability of ever occurring.

           g. Control Point Sensitivity Study (TP140 and TR140) focused on assessing the sensitivity of the DASI Dimensions automatic
measurement outputs to the error in the aortic control points coordinates. Using a dataset of CTAs (n = 14), measurements were
generated using control points that were iteratively perturbed in designated directions and magnitudes and were compared with the
baseline measurements which were generated using an unperturbed set of verified control points. At both 1.5 mm and 3.0mm
perturbations of the control points, the resulting automatic annulus area measurements had percent errors :s; 10%, meeting the
acceptance criteria.


      (ii) Cybersecurity testing (TP130 and TR130) was conducted to ensure that there were no unidentified vulnerabilities and that the
appropriate risk control measures were implemented to protect from known vulnerabilities when the device is subject to a source of
threat. The testing showed that appropriate risk control measures were implemented.

The non-clinical verification and validation test results established that the device meets the design requirements and intended use.
During the development, potential hazards were evaluated and controlled through risk management activities. The performance testing
demonstrates that the device meets all its specifications.

No prospective clinical trials were conducted in support of this Traditional 51 0(k).
Clinical evaluation, as a set of ongoing activities conducted in the assessment and
analysis of DASI Dimensions clinical safety, effectiveness and performance, are outlined in non-clinical testing summary.

The subject device has been evaluated and verified in accordance with predefined software specifications and applicable performance
standards through software verification and validation testing. The non-clinical verification and validation test results established that
the device meets its design requirements and intended use. During the development, potential hazards were evaluated and controlled
through risk management activities. The performance testing demonstrates that the device meets all its specifications. The data
generated from each test also supports a finding of substantial equivalence based on meeting testing requirements, special controls,
and consensus standards.


No prospective clinical trials were conducted in support of this Traditional 51 0(k).
Clinical evaluation, as a set of ongoing activities conducted in the assessment and
analysis of DASI Dimensions clinical safety, effectiveness and performance, are outlined in non-clinical testing summary.

The subject device has been evaluated and verified in accordance with predefined software specifications and applicable performance
standards through software verification and validation testing. The non-clinical verification and validation test results established that
the device meets its design requirements and intended use. During the development, potential hazards were evaluated and controlled
through risk management activities. The performance testing demonstrates that the device meets all its specifications. The data
generated from each test also supports a finding of substantial equivalence based on meeting testing requirements, special controls,
and consensus standards.