October 4, 2023


VUNO Inc.
℅ Priscilla Chung
Regulatory Affairs Consultant
LK Consulting Group USA, Inc.
18881 Von Karman Ave. Ste. 160
Irvine, CA 92612


Re: K231398
    Trade/Device Name: VUNO Med-DeepBrain
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH, LLZ
    Dated: August 31, 2023
    Received: September 5, 2023


Dear Priscilla Chung:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K231398 - Priscilla Chung                                                              Page 2


If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

K231398 - Priscilla Chung                                                              Page 3


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).


                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K231398
Device Name
‘VUNO Med-DeepBrain
Indications for Use (Describe)
The VUNO Med-DeepBrain is intended for automatic labeling, quantification and visualization of segmentable brain
structures from a set of MR images. The software is intended to automate the current manual process of identifying,
labeling and quantifying segmentable brain structures identified on MR images.
The users are trained healthcare professionals who work with medical imaging.
The product is used in an office-like environment.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K231398

                     510(k) Summary


This summary of 510(k) information is being submitted in accordance with requirements of 21
CFR Part 807.92.


1.  Date: 10/3/2023

2.  Applicant / Submitter

  VUNO Inc.
   9F, 479, Gangnam-daero, Seocho-gu
    Seoul, 06541, Republic of Korea
   Tel : +82-2-515-6646 Fax : +82-2-515-6647

3.  U.S. Designated Agent

    Priscilla Chung
  LK Consulting Group USA, Inc.
   18881 Von Karman Ave. STE 160
    Irvine, CA 92612
    Tel: 714.202.5789      Fax: 714.409.3357
   Email: juhee.c@LKconsultingGroup.com

4.  Trade/Proprietary Name:

  VUNO Med-DeepBrain

5. Common Name:

   Medical Image Processing Software

6.  Classification:

   System, Image Processing, Radiological Picture Archiving and Communications System
   (21CFR 892.2050, Product code QIH, LLZ, Class 2, Radiology)

7.  Device Description:

   The VUNO Med-DeepBrain provides brain structural information based on the brain MR
    image. Input images for analysis are 3D T1 weighted brain MR images and 2D T2 flair brain
  MR images. Once the recommended images are uploaded, automated brain segmentation is


                                           Page 1 of 6

performed and provides volumetric data of brain regions. It is displayed in the viewer with a
    color map.
  VUNO Med-DeepBrain is intended for automatic labeling, visualization, and volumetric
    quantification of segmentable brain structures and lesions from a set of MR images. It takes
    a 3D T1 MR image as input and gives segmented brain structures and lesions, and
    volumetric quantification. The user interface is provided for the visualization. The
    segmented structures are displayed as a color map and the user can view regions by selecting
    the name of the region. The 2D T2 Flair MR image is taken for lesion quantification. In
     addition, the uploaded image can be compared to the normative percentile and prior images
   when applicable. The user can download and print the result in a report format.
   The data can be received and sent through the Picture Archive and Communications Systems
   (PACS) using the DICOM protocol.


8.  Indication for use:

   The VUNO Med-DeepBrain is intended for automatic labeling, quantification and
    visualization of segmentable brain structures from a set of MR images. The software is
   intended to automate the current manual process of identifying, labeling and quantifying
   segmentable brain structures identified on MR images.
   The users are trained healthcare professionals who work with medical imaging.
   The product is used in an office-like environment.


9.  Predicate Device:

   cNeuro® cMRI(K171328) by Combinostics OY


10. Substantial Equivalence:

                         Subject Device                      Predicate Device

Trade name       VUNO Med-DeepBrain                  cNeuro cMRI

Manufacturer         VUNO Inc.                       Combinostics OY

510k number              K231398                        K171328

Classification      Class II, LLZ, 21 CFR 892.2050         Clss II, LLZ, 21 CFR 892.2050
             The VUNO Med-DeepBrain is         cNeuro cMRI is intended for automatic
               intended for automatic labeling,          labeling, quantification and
                 quantification and visualization of        visualization of segmentable brain
Indications
               segmentable brain structures from a set  structures from a set of MR images.
for Use
                of MR images. The software is        The software is intended to automate
               intended to automate the current         the current manual process of
             manual process of identifying, labeling   identifying, labeling and quantifying


                                           Page 2 of 6

Subject Device                      Predicate Device
              and quantifying segmentable brain      segmentable brain structures identified
                 structures identified on MR images.     on MR images.
             The users are trained healthcare        The users are trained healthcare
                professionals who work with medical    professionals who work with medical
               imaging.                              imaging.
             The product is used in an office-like    The product is used in an office-like
               environment.                          environment.
Deployment   Cloud based                        Cloud based


   The comparison table shows the description of the subject device and predicate device in
   each aspect. The comparison rationale and gap between the subject device and the predicate
   device are provided below.

      Indications for use
   The indications for use are the same. Both are intended to provide brain structural
    identification and quantification volumes.

      Design and Incorporated Technology
   The design and incorporated technology are equivalent. Both devices are software that takes
  3D T1 MR images at 1.5T and 3T as input and automatically offers measurement of brain
    tissue volumes and structures and lesions.
   The algorithm used in both software is based on the machine learning technique in which the
   device learns the characteristics of brain MR images from a large dataset. However, there are
    several differences in specific learning techniques based on machine learning. The predicate
   used a multi-atlas segmentation, while the subject device is based on deep learning.
   Both devices have the same mechanism by which MR images are used as inputs and the
   segmented brain region and segmentation result is provided as output. And the test
   performance proves the efficiency even in minor differences in algorithm.

      Deployment
   The deployment characteristics are the same. Both are cloud-based software package that is
    installed on the user’s hardware.

      Environment
   The environment is the same. Both are operated in office-like environment.

      Processing Architecture
   The processing architecture is the same. Both have the same process which is, when the brain
  MR images come in, the image is pre-processed for the adequate format.
   The predicate device is pre-processed with bias-field correction and skull stripping(brain
    extraction) while the subject device performs size resampling, rigid registration, and biasfield correction(optional) for the T1 MR image and rigid registration and brain extraction for


                                           Page 3 of 6

the T2 MR image. The difference is that one is performed by default and the other is optional.
However, both support this function.
Quality control methods also vary. The predicate device performs quality control with the
user’s check, but the subject device removes outliers in a post-processing step and allows the
user to review and hidden areas if inappropriate. But both have the functionality to control
the output.
Both devices automatically provide segmentation, lesion quantification, and volume
calculation and generates a report.
The differences have no impact on safety and effectiveness.

  Data source
The data source is the same. Both take T1 weighted images and T2 flair images as input for
the labeling and volumetric quantification of brain segmentation.

  Output
The output is similar. Both the subject and predicate device provides a color map of
segmented regions, white matter hyperintensities from T2 FLAIR MR images, and
morphometric reports, and integrates with the Picture Archive and Communications
Systems(PACS).
Similarities with differences are as follows.
Subject device and predicate device segments cortical and subcortical structures from MRI
T1 images. The predicate provides 133 brain structures, but the subject device provides 104
structures including two vessels. Brain structures can be parcellated into various numbers,
though, it is important to include neuroanatomically significant areas. The subject device is
based on the region parcellation principle of FreeSurfer, which is a silver standard. So, the
subject device provides clinically important brain regions, and the basis is subsequently
equivalent to the predicate device. Minor differences do not raise safety problems.
Both provide a color map on MR T1 images highlighting regions where the patient is smaller
than the reference data. The predicate device provides a color map of the gray matter
concentration, while the subject device provides every region including gray matter. It is a
visual complement to the quantitative data.
The differences do not affect the safety and effectiveness of the device.


  Safety
Both devices are safe, but there is a difference due to the technological characteristic. The
predicate device has an automated atlas alignment check that is not required for the subject
device. Instead, the subject device is post-processed with an outlier removal to adjust the
output. Both have tissue contrast checks and scan protocol verification. And the results
should be reviewed by a trained physician.

VUNO Med-DeepBrain is intended for automatic labeling, visualization, and volumetric
quantification of segmentable brain structures and lesions from a set of MR images. Brain
structural information is considered useful in brain diagnosis screening tools. The intended
use is the same as the predicate device. And while other comparable characteristics are
considered to be the same, the segmentation algorithm has a difference.


                                        Page 4 of 6

Mainly the algorithm used for the segmentation is different. The predicate device used a
   machine learning technique while the subject device is built upon a deep learning model. The
   underlying mechanism is the same that the model learns the extracted feature from the image
   and automatically provides segmentation of the brain MR image.
   Meanwhile, there are minor differences also.
   The predicate device is pre-processed with bias-field correction, but the subject device is
    available as an option. And the predicate device has a quality control function by the user’s
   check, but the subject device is post-processed with an outlier remover and the user can turn
    off the regions.
    In addition, the number of segmented areas is different between the two devices. Though, the
    output region of the subject device contains neuroanatomically important regions.
   Despite the differences, the subject device shows reliable output in the performance test of
   segmentation accuracy and reproducibility.
    In conclusion, the subject device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. And no
    additional risks are presented in the perspective of safety and effectiveness.


11. Nonclinical Tests

    Nonclinical tests were conducted to test the functionality of the subject device.

    Verification and Validation
  VUNO Med-DeepBrain is designed safely and effectively throughout the product lifecycle in
   accordance with the FDA guidance, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for
   Software Contained in Medical Devices: Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug
   Administration Staff (May 11, 2005)”.
  VUNO Med-DeepBrain is considered as a “Moderate” level of concern and software
    validation such as unit test, integration test, and system test is performed accordingly.
  VUNO Med-DeepBrain is a cyber device and the risks associated with cybersecurity are
    identified and addressed. The device meets the requirement under the FDA Guidance,
   “Content of Premarket Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices:
   Guidance for Industry and Food and Drug Administration Staff (October 2, 2014)”.


12. Performance Data:

   Segmentation Accuracy Test and Reproducibility Test were conducted to establish the
   performance and reliability characteristics of the subject device.
   Segmentation accuracy is measured by Dice Similarity Coefficient(DSC) score compared to
    expert. The acceptance criteria are an average DSC score of 0.80 in brain regions and White
   Matter Hyperintensities(WMH) regions as referred to in the literature. Whole brain regions
    including cortical and subcortical as well as WMH regions exceeded the criteria.
    In addition, volume errors between manual segmentation and device output are analyzed. The
   average relative volume errors of the Hippocampus, Thalamus, and Lateral ventricle, which
    are major regions, were 0.03 mm3, 0.01 mm3, and 0.01 mm3, respectively. The average
    absolute volume errors for these areas were 207mm3, 140 mm3, and 377 mm3, respectively.


                                           Page 5 of 6

Test-retest reproducibility is also measured by the intraclass correlation coefficient. The
   acceptance criteria are set to 0.965 for brain structures and 0.988 for WMH. The result
   exceeded criteria which mean excellent reliability.
   The device passed all of the tests based on pre-determined Pass/Fail criteria.


13. Clinical tests

  No clinical test was required to demonstrate substantial equivalence.


14. Summary of nonclinical and clinical tests

   The subject device is verified and validated to show its functionality and security.
   For performance, Segmentation Accuracy Test and Reproducibility Test are conducted and
   passed the acceptance criteria.
   Test results demonstrate that the VUNO Med-DeepBrain is safe and effective similar to the
    predicate device.


15. Conclusion:

   The subject device is substantially equivalent in the areas of technical characteristics, general
   function, application, and indications for use. The new device does not introduce a
   fundamentally new scientific technology, and the device has been validated through
   performance test. Therefore, we conclude that the subject device described in this submission
    is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                           Page 6 of 6