Medical Metrics, Inc.
Kirk Johnson
Director of Regulatory and Quality Affairs
2121 Sage Road
Suite 300
HOUSTON, TEXAS 77056

                                                                         July 7, 2023Re: K231668
    Trade/Device Name: Spine CAMP™ (1.1)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: June 7, 2023
    Received: June 7, 2023

Dear Kirk Johnson:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K231668 - Kirk Johnson                                                               Page 2


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb,
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices and
                                               Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEAL TH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                          Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                   Indications for Use                         See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
   K231668
Device Name
 Spine CAMP'" (1.1)I
Indications for Use (Describe)
 Spine CAMP ™ is a fully-automated software that analyzes X-ray images of the spine to produce
 reports that contain static and/or motion metrics. Spine CAMP ™ can be used to obtain metrics from
 sagittal plane radiographs of the lumbar and/or cervical spine and it can be used to visualize
 intervertebral motion via an image registration method referred to as "stabilization." The radiographic
 metrics can be used to characterize and assess spinal health in accordance with established
 guidance. For example, common clinical uses include assessing spinal stability, alignment,
 degeneration, fusion, motion preservation, and implant performance. The metrics produced by Spine
 CAMP are intended to be used to support qualified and licensed professional healthcare
 practitioners in clinical decision making for skeletally mature patients of age 18 and above.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
            IZI Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                     This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
          *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                    Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

510(K) SUMMARY         510(K) #K231668

                        Submitter Information [21 CFR 807.929(a)(1)]
 Name                             Medical Metrics, Inc.
 Address                        2121 Sage Road, Suite 300
                                   Houston, Texas 77056
 Phone number                  +1 713 850-7500
 Fax number                    +1 713 850-7527
 Email address                    kjohnson@medicalmetrics.com
 Establishment Registration
                                  Pending 510(k) clearance and marketing of device
 Number
 Name of contact person             Kirk Johnson
 Date prepared                     07/05/2023
                    Name of the device [21 CFR 807.92(a)(2)]
 Trade name                       Spine CAMP™ (1.1)
 Regulation name                  Medical Image Management and Processing System
 Review panel                      Radiology
 Regulation Number               892.2050
 Product Code                  QIH
 Legally marketed device to which
 equivalence is claimed            Spine CAMP™ v1.0 (K221632)
 [21 CFR 807.92(a)(3)]
 Device description                Spine CAMP™ is a fully-automated image processing software
 [21 CFR 807.92(a)(4)]                device.  It  is designed to be used with X-ray images and is
                                     intended to aid medical professionals in the measurement and
                                 assessment of spinal parameters. Spine CAMP™ is capable of
                                         calculating distances, angles,  linear displacements, angular
                                     displacements, and mathematical combinations of these metrics
                                          to characterize the morphology, alignment, and motion of the
                                        spine. These analysis results are presented in the form of
                                          reports, annotated images, and visualizations of intervertebral
                                   motion to support their interpretation.
 Indications for use                Spine CAMP™ is a fully-automated software that analyzes X-
 [21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)]                ray images of the spine to produce reports that contain static
                                     and/or motion metrics. Spine CAMP™ can be used to obtain
                                      metrics from sagittal plane radiographs of the lumbar and/or
                                          cervical spine and  it can be used to visualize intervertebral
                                   motion  via an image  registration method  referred  to as
                                              “stabilization.” The  radiographic  metrics  can be  used  to
                                       characterize and assess  spinal health  in accordance  with
                                      established guidance. For example, common  clinical uses
                                       include assessing  spinal  stability,  alignment,  degeneration,
                                          fusion, motion preservation, and implant performance. The
                                      metrics produced by Spine CAMP™ are intended to be used to
                                     support   qualified  and  licensed   professional  healthcare
                                          practitioners in clinical decision-making for skeletally mature
                                        patients of age 18 and above.


Page 1 of 3

Summary of the technological characteristics of the device compared to the predicate device
[21 CFR 807.92(a)(6)]
         Feature                Spine CAMP™ v1.1             Spine CAMP™ v1.0
                                    (Subject Device)            (Predicate Device K221632)
Classification Name          Automated Radiological Image    Automated Radiological Image
                            Processing Software             Processing Software

Product Code             QIH                        QIH
Runs on Server            Yes                         Yes
Image Input             DICOM                   DICOM
Anatomical Area             Spine                          Spine
Image Processing             Vertebral body detection;          Vertebral body detection; Vertebral
                               Vertebral body landmark         body landmark specification;
                                  specification; Vertebral body       Vertebral body registration
                                  registration
Linear Measurements        Yes                         Yes
Angular Measurements       Yes                         Yes
2D Motion Analysis          Yes                         Yes
Image Registration          Yes                         Yes
Display of Image Alignment /  Yes                         Yes
Stabilization
Clinical Reporting           Yes                         Yes
Human Intervention for        Required                       Required
Interpretation
Intended User                Trained professionals             Trained professionals
                              Comparison Summary
Spine CAMP™ v1.1 is designed to utilize the same analysis methodology as the predicate device,
Spine CAMP™ v1.0 (K221632). The types of inputs and outputs are identical between the two
devices. The devices are nearly identical in all respects. The primary differences are:
  Spine CAMP’s primary component, the AI Engine, was updated by retraining its AI models with
   more imaging for improved generalization and performance. Improvements were also made to the
    AI Engine’s logic to address potential failure modes.
  Spine CAMP™ v1.1 is able to identify the femoral heads in lateral lumbar X-rays in order to
   produce spinopelvic measurements.
   Configuration capabilities were expanded to derive outputs from the existing calculated results
   and to conditionally format report outputs according to the clinical user’s preferences.
                         Performance Data [21 CFR 807.92(b)]
Summary of bench tests (non-clinical) conducted for determination of substantial equivalence
[21 CFR 807.92(b)(1)]
Software verification and validation testing was completed to demonstrate functionality of the device
across multiple datasets that had not been used to train any of the AI models. The same methodology
was utilized for the performance qualification (PQ) tests for both Spine CAMP 1.1 and its primary
component, the AI Engine v3.2, as had been previously utilized for the predicate device, Spine CAMP
v1.0 and its primary component, the AI Engine v3.1. The software functioned as intended and all results
observed were as expected.

Additional bench testing was performed by evaluating Spine CAMP™ v1.1 performance on a large
dataset that was previously analyzed by Spine CAMP™ v1.0. Additionally, this dataset was analyzed
by five experienced operators using the reference device, QMA, for spinopelvic measurements that
Spine CAMP™ v1.0 was not designed to produce. This dataset included 215 lateral cervical spine

radiographs and 232 lateral lumbar spine radiographs. Statistical correlations and equivalence tests
were performed by  directly comparing  vertebral landmark  coordinates, image  calibration, and
intervertebral measurements between Spine CAMP™ v1.1 and the predicate device as well as
spinopelvic measurements between Spine CAMP™ v1.1 and the reference device. This analysis
demonstrated correlation and statistical equivalence for all variables evaluated.
Summary of clinical tests conducted for determination of substantial equivalence or of clinical
information [21 CFR 807.92(b)(2)]
This section is not applicable to this submission. Clinical Data are not included.
                        Conclusions drawn [21 CFR 807.92(b)(3)]
Spine CAMP™ is as safe and effective as the predicate device. The subject device has the same
intended use and indications for use as its predicate device. Their technological characteristics and
principles of operations are nearly identical. The minor differences between the subject and predicate
devices (i.e., retrained AI models and enhanced reporting capabilities) do not raise new or different
questions regarding safety and effectiveness when used as labeled. The same performance testing
methodology that was used utilized to test the subject device as had been used to test the predicate
device. Specifically, for a large dataset of images, the subject device and the predicate device produced
outputs that were statistically equivalent.