Brainomix Limited
℅ Szrnka Zsolt
Regulatory Affairs Manager
First Floor Seacourt Tower
West Way
Oxford, OX2 0JJ
UNITED KINGDOM
                                                                             July 27, 2023
Re: K231195
    Trade/Device Name: Brainomix 360 Triage ICH
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: April 21, 2023
    Received: June 22, 2023

Dear Szrnka Zsolt:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K231195 - Szrnka Zsolt                                                                Page 2


801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                            Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K231195

Device Name
Brainomix 360 Triage ICH


Indications for Use (Describe)
Brainomix 360 Triage ICH is a notification-only, parallel workflow tool for use by hospital networks and trained
clinicians to identify and communicate images of specific patients to a specialist, independent of standard of care
workflow.

Brainomix 360 Triage ICH uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images for findings suggestive of a
prespecified clinical condition and to notify an appropriate medical specialist of these findings in parallel to standard of
care image interpretation. Identification of suspected findings is not for diagnostic use beyond notification. Specifically,
the device is intended to be used for the triage of non-contrast CT images of the brain acquired from adult patients in the
acute setting, within 24 hours of the onset of the acute symptoms, or where this is unclear, since last known well (LKW)
time. It is not intended to detect isolated subarachnoid hemorrhage. The device sends notifications to a neurovascular
specialist that a suspected intracranial hemorrhage has been identified and recommends review of those images. Images
can be previewed through a mobile application.

Images that are previewed through the mobile application are compressed and are for informational purposes only and not
intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing non-compressed images on
a diagnostic viewer and engaging in appropriate patient evaluation and relevant discussion with a treating physician
before making care-related decisions or requests. Brainomix 360 Triage ICH is limited to analysis of imaging data and
should not be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm diagnosis.

Limitations:
• Brainomix 360 Triage ICH is not intended for mobile diagnostic use. Images viewed on a mobile platform are preview
images and not for diagnostic interpretation.
• Brainomix 360 Triage ICH has been validated and is intended to be used on GE and Philips scanners.
• Brainomix 360 Triage ICH is not intended to detect isolated subarachnoid hemorrhage.
• Brainomix 360 Triage ICH is not intended to be used on patients with recent (within 6 weeks) neurosurgery or
endovascular neurointervention or recent (within 4 weeks) previous diagnosis of intracranial hemorrhage.

Contraindications:
Brainomix 360 Triage ICH is not suitable for use with scan data containing image features associated with:
• tumors or abscesses
• coils, shunts, embolization or movement artefacts
Brainomix 360 Triage ICH is not intended to be used for analyzing CT images in intracranial vascular pathologies such as
arterial aneurysms, arteriovenous malformations or venous thrombosis.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 2                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
       The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                      Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 2 of 2

Brainomix Limited
                                                                                                                     First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                             Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom

                                        K231195
                        510(K) Summary
          Brainomix Limited’s Brainomix 360 Triage ICH


 Date Prepared:              June 22, 2023
 Applicant’s name:            Brainomix Limited
 Applicant’s address:             First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                               Oxford, OX2 0JJ
                             United Kingdom
 Official contact:                Zsolt Szrnka
                           +44 (0)1865 582730
                            zszrnka@brainomix.com
 Device Proprietary Name:     Brainomix 360 Triage ICH
 Device Common Name:        Radiological Computer-Assisted Triage and
                                 Notification Software
 Regulatory Class:              Class II
 Product Code:            QAS
 Regulation No:             21 C.F.R. §892.2080
 Classification Panel:          Radiology Devices

Brainomix 360 Triage ICH is Substantially Equivalent to the following Legally Marketed device:
Predicate Device

 510(k) Number                Trade Name                  Manufacturer
 K193658                         Viz ICH                                Viz.ai, Inc.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

Brainomix 360 Triage ICH is a notification-only, parallel workflow tool for use by hospital networks and trained
clinicians to identify and communicate images of specific patients to a specialist, independent of standard of care
workflow.

Brainomix 360 Triage ICH uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images for findings suggestive of a
prespecified clinical condition and to notify an appropriate medical specialist of these findings in parallel to standard
of care image interpretation. Identification of suspected findings is not for diagnostic use beyond notification.
Specifically, the device is intended to be used for the triage of non-contrast CT images of the brain acquired from
adult patients in the acute setting, within 24 hours of the onset of the acute symptoms, or where this is unclear,
since last known well (LKW) time. It is not intended to detect isolated subarachnoid hemorrhage. The device sends
notifications to a neurovascular or neurosurgical specialist that a suspected intracranial hemorrhage has been
identified and recommends review of those images. Images can be previewed through a mobile application.

Brainomix Limited
                                                                                                                     First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                             Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


Images that are previewed through the mobile application may be compressed and are for informational purposes
only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing noncompressed images on a diagnostic viewer and engaging in appropriate patient evaluation and relevant discussion
with a treating physician before making care-related decisions or requests. Brainomix 360 Triage ICH is limited to
analysis of imaging data and should not be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm
diagnosis.

Limitations:

    •   Brainomix 360 Triage ICH is not intended for mobile diagnostic use. Images viewed on a mobile platform
       are preview images and not for diagnostic interpretation.
    •   Brainomix 360 Triage ICH has been validated and is intended to be used on GE and Philips scanners.
    •   Brainomix 360 Triage ICH is not intended to detect isolated subarachnoid hemorrhage.
    •   Brainomix 360 Triage ICH is not intended to be used on patients with recent (within 6 weeks) neurosurgery
       or endovascular neurointervention or recent  (within 4 weeks) previous  diagnosis  of  intracranial
       hemorrhage

Contraindications:

Brainomix 360 Triage ICH is not suitable for use with scan data containing image features associated with:

    •  tumors or abscesses
    •   coils, shunts, embolization or movement artefacts

Brainomix 360 Triage ICH is not intended to be used for analyzing CT images in intracranial vascular pathologies
such as arterial aneurysms, arteriovenous malformations or venous thrombosis.
Device Description

Brainomix 360 Triage ICH is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software package compliant with
the DICOM standard and running on an off-the-shelf physical or virtual server.

The Triage ICH module is a non-contrast CT processing module which operates within the integrated Brainomix 360
Platform to provide triage and notification prioritization of suspected intracranial hemorrhage (ICH). Brainomix 360
Triage ICH is a stand-alone software device which uses machine learning algorithms that uses advanced non
adaptive imaging algorithms, artificial intelligence, and large data analytics to automatically identify suspected ICH
on non-contrast CT (NCCT) imaging acquired from adult patients in the acute setting, within 24 hours of the onset
of the acute symptoms, or where this is unclear, since last known well (LKW) time. The output of the module is a
priority notification to clinicians indicating the suspicion of ICH based on positive findings. Specifically, Brainomix
360 Triage ICH is optimized to detect and evaluate hyperdense volume in the parenchyma typically associated with
acute intracranial hemorrhage (ICH). The Triage ICH module uses the basic services supplied by the Brainomix 360
Platform including DICOM processing, job management, imaging module execution and imaging output including
the notification and compressed image.

Brainomix 360 Triage ICH notification capabilities enable clinicians to review and preview images via mobile app
notification. Alternatively, intended users can also access the notification (a “Suspected hemorrhage” flag) and
straightened images via the Brainomix 360 web user interface. Images that are previewed via mobile app are
compressed, are for preview informational purposes only, and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification.

The device is intended for use as an additional tool for assisting study triage within existing patient pathways. It
does not replace any part of the current standard of care. It is designed to assist in prioritization of studies for

Brainomix Limited
                                                                                                                     First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                             Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


reading within a worklist, in addition to any other pre-existing formal or informal methods of study prioritization in
place. Specifically, it does not remove cases from a reading queue and operates in parallel to the standard of care.
This device is not intended to replace the usual methods of communication and transfer of information in the
current standard of care.
Summary of Technological Characteristics

Both proposed and predicate device are a notification-only, parallel workflow tool for use by hospital networks and
trained clinicians to identify and communicate images of specific patients to a specialist, independent of standard
of care workflow. Notifications generated from both proposed and predicate devices are shared with clinicians to
alert that a suspected intracranial hemorrhage has been identified and recommends review of those images.

The proposed and predicate devices are equally intended for use as an additional tool for assisting study triage
within existing patient pathways. They do not replace any part of the current standard of care. Likewise, they are
designed to assist in prioritization of studies for reading within a worklist, in addition to any other pre-existing
formal or informal methods of study prioritization in place.

Both proposed and predicate devices are designed to be used by trained clinicians in a hospital/clinical
environment.

Both proposed and predicate devices run on standard physical and/or virtual servers which are installed within a
hospital network and within the protection of hospital firewalls.

The predicate device notifies the user via mobile and provides compressed original images which are used for
informational purposes only. Likewise, the images which are shared on notifications by the proposed device are
compressed and for informational purposes only. As the predicate, a persistent warning is displayed to alert users
that the images are compressed and not intended for diagnostic purposes.

Where Brainomix 360 Triage ICH differs from the predicate is that the proposed device may also notify the user of
a suspected ICH via the web user interface, as an additional channel of output. The unprocessed images are
subjected to rotation and resampling (pre-processing and registration) which do not alter the original imaging in
relation to aid for diagnostic. Identically to the predicate, the notified clinicians are responsible for viewing noncompressed images on a diagnostic viewer and engaging in appropriate patient evaluation and relevant discussion
with a treating physician before making care-related decisions or requests. Therefore, the technical differences in
how the notification may be sent to the user between the proposed and predicate devices do not raise different
questions of safety and effectiveness.

 Characteristic/Parameter    Brainomix 360 Triage ICH – Subject Device       Viz.ai Viz ICH – Predicate Device
                                                                      (K193658)
 Product Code            QAS                                QAS
 Regulation               21 C.F.R. §892.2080                        21 C.F.R. §892.2080
 Indications for Use          Brainomix 360 Triage ICH is a notification-only,   Viz ICH is a notification-only, parallel
                                  parallel workflow tool for use by hospital       workflow tool for use by hospital networks
                           networks and trained clinicians to identify and   and trained clinicians to identify and
                         communicate images of specific patients to a    communicate images of specific patients
                                   specialist, independent of standard of care      to a specialist, independent of standard of
                            workflow.                                     care workflow.
                            Brainomix 360 Triage ICH uses an artificial        Viz ICH uses an artificial intelligence
                                 intelligence algorithm to analyze images for      algorithm to analyze images for findings
                                findings suggestive of a prespecified clinical      suggestive of a prespecified clinical
                              condition and to notify an appropriate medical   condition and to notify an appropriate

Brainomix Limited
                                                                            First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                               Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


specialist of these findings in parallel to         medical specialist of these findings in
standard of care image interpretation.            parallel to standard of care image
Identification of suspected findings is not for     interpretation. Identification of suspected
diagnostic use beyond notification.               findings is not for diagnostic use beyond
Specifically, the device is intended to be used     notification. Specifically, the device
for the triage of non-contrast CT images of the   analyzes non-contrast CT images of the
brain acquired from adult patients in the acute   brain acquired in the acute setting, and
setting, within 24 hours of the onset of the      sends notifications to a neurovascular or
acute symptoms, or where this is unclear,        neurosurgical specialist that a suspected
since last known well (LKW) time. It is not        intracranial hemorrhage has been
intended to detect isolated subarachnoid         identified and recommends review of
hemorrhage. The device sends notifications to   those images. Images can be previewed
a neurovascular or neurosurgical specialist      through a mobile application.
that a suspected intracranial hemorrhage has                                          Images that are previewed through the
been identified and recommends review of                                           mobile application may be compressed
those images. Images can be previewed                                       and are for informational purposes only
through a mobile application.                                       and not intended for diagnostic use
Images that are previewed through the mobile  beyond notification. Notified clinicians are
application may be compressed and are for      responsible for viewing non-compressed
informational purposes only and not intended   images on a diagnostic viewer and
for diagnostic use beyond notification.          engaging in appropriate patient evaluation
Notified clinicians are responsible for viewing   and relevant discussion with a treating
non-compressed images on a diagnostic         physician before making care-related
viewer and engaging in appropriate patient      decisions or requests. Viz ICH is limited to
evaluation and relevant discussion with a         analysis of imaging data and should not be
treating physician before making care-related   used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or
decisions or requests. Brainomix 360 Triage      relied upon to make or confirm diagnosis.
ICH is limited to analysis of imaging data and                                                   Viz ICH is contraindicated for analyzing
should not be used in-lieu of full patient                                              non-contrast CT scans that are acquired on
evaluation or relied upon to make or confirm                                             scanners from manufacturers other than
diagnosis.                                            General Electric (GE) or its subsidiaries (i.e.
Limitations:                           GE Healthcare). This contraindication
                                                 applies to NCCT scans that conform to all
    •   Brainomix 360 Triage ICH is not                                                 applicable Patient Inclusion Criteria, are of
        intended for mobile diagnostic use.                                          adequate technical image quality, and
       Images viewed on a mobile platform                                        would otherwise be expected to be
        are preview images and not for                                             analyzed by the device for a suspected ICH.
         diagnostic interpretation.
    •   Brainomix 360 Triage ICH has been
         validated and is intended to be used
       on GE and Philips scanners.
    •   Brainomix 360 Triage ICH is not
        intended to detect isolated
        subarachnoid hemorrhage.
    •   Brainomix 360 Triage ICH is not
        intended to be used on patients with
        recent (within 6 weeks) neurosurgery
        or endovascular neurointervention or
        recent (within 4 weeks) previous
         diagnosis of intracranial hemorrhage
Contraindications:

Brainomix Limited
                                                                                                                     First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                             Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


                            Brainomix 360 Triage ICH is not suitable for
                           use with scan data containing image features
                              associated with:
                                •   tumors or abscesses
                                •    coils, shunts, embolization or
                              movement artefacts
                            Brainomix 360 Triage ICH is not intended to be
                          used for analyzing CT images in intracranial
                               vascular pathologies such as arterial
                           aneurysms, arteriovenous malformations or
                          venous thrombosis.
 Environment of use           Clinical/Hospital environment                     Clinical/Hospital environment
 Energy used and/or       None – software only application. The         None – software only application. The
 delivered                  software application does not deliver or         software application does not deliver or
                         depend on energy delivered to or from        depend on energy delivered to or from
                               patients                                        patients
 Primary Users              Neurovascular Specialist                       Neurovascular Specialist
 Anatomical Region        Head                                  Head
 Technical Implementation    Artificial intelligence algorithm with database     Artificial intelligence algorithm with
                               of images                                   database of images
 Diagnostic application        Notification-only                                 Notification-only
 Results of image analysis     Internal, no image marking                        Internal, no image marking
 Alteration of original      No                                No
 image
 Preview Images                 Initial assessment; non-diagnostic purposes        Initial assessment; non-diagnostic
                                                                      purposes
 Image viewing and          Yes – window, pan, level, zoom                Yes – window, pan, level, zoom
 manipulation
 Results of Image Analysis     Internal, no image marking                        Internal, no image marking
 Interference with          No. Cases are not removed from worklist or     No. Cases are not removed from worklist
 standard workflow           deprioritized                                  or deprioritized
 Notification               Mobile application and web user interface      Mobile
 Design: DICOM             Yes                                         Yes
 compliance
 Design: Computer          Standard off-the-shelf server or virtual server    Standard off-the-shelf server or virtual
 Platform                                                                    server
 Design: Data acquisition     Acquires medical image data from DICOM       Acquires medical image data from DICOM
                            compliant imaging devices and modalities       compliant imaging devices and modalities
 Materials               N/A – Software only device                 N/A – Software only device
 Biocompatibility          N/A – Software only device                 N/A – Software only device
 Sterility                 N/A – Software only device                 N/A – Software only device
 Electrical Safety          N/A – Software only device                 N/A – Software only device
 Mechanical Safety         N/A – Software only device                 N/A – Software only device
 Chemical Safety          N/A – Software only device                 N/A – Software only device
 Thermal Safety           N/A – Software only device                 N/A – Software only device
 Radiation Safety          N/A – Software only device                 N/A – Software only device

Performance Data

A retrospective study has been carried out to assess the standalone performance of the image analysis algorithm
and notification functionality of Triage ICH. The study evaluated the Triage ICH image analysis algorithm in terms

Brainomix Limited
                                                                                                                     First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                             Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


of sensitivity and specificity with respect to a ground truth, as established by experienced US board certified
neuroradiologists, in the detection of intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) in the brain. In addition, the study reported
and compared the time to notification for the Triage ICH device with respect to the time to notification for the
standard of care as established by the predicate device.

A sample size of 341 non-contrast Computed Tomography (NCCT) scans (studies) were obtained from 30 different
hospitals and clinics in the U.S. The majority of patients were scanned at Boston Medical Centre (N=237) and the
remainder came from 29 different referral hospitals in Massachusetts State. The patient cohort was enriched to
ensure an approximately equal balance of ICH positive and negative studies and to ensure the distribution of clinical
and demographic variables  (e.g., age, gender, ICH subtype, traumatic vs non traumatic etiology) allows
generalizability to the patient population for whom use is intended.

The cases (n=341) were all successfully processed with the algorithm. The confusion matrix was as follows: True
Positives (TP): 149, True Negatives (TN): 159, False Positives (FP): 15, False Negatives (FN): 18. The overall
performance can also be summarized with the following metrics: sensitivity (or positive percentage agreement,
defined as TP/[TP+FN]) was 89.22%, specificity (or negative percentage agreement, defined as TN/[TN+FP])
was 91.37%. The receiver operating curve (ROC) for the device is shown in Figure 1.


Figure 1. Receiver Operating Curve for the device, with the operating point (sensitivity 89.2%, specificity 91.4%) shown with the red triangle.

Because the lower bound of each confidence interval for sensitivity and specificity exceeded 80%, the study met
the pre-specified performance goals.

As part of a secondary analysis, the company stratified the device performance by various confounding variables:
ICH subtype (Table 1); by gender (Table 2); by age (Table 3); by slice thickness (Table 4); by clinical site (Table 5);
and by ICH Volume (Table 6).

               ICH Subtype                               Sensitivity (95% CI)
    Intraparenchymal Hemorrhage (IPH)             96.61% (88.29-99.59)
      Intraventricular Hemorrhage (IVH)             100.00% (59.04-100.00)
      Subarachnoid Hemorrhage (SAH)              35.71% (12.76-64.86)

Brainomix Limited
                                                                                                                     First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                             Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


        Subdural Hemorrhage (SDH)                66.67% (40.99-86.66)
               Multiple Types                      98.55% (92.19-99.96)
Table 1. Summary of the performance metrics for the subsets of scans stratified by ICH Subtype.


         Gender                     Sensitivity (95% CI)                Specificity (95% CI)
          Male                93.18% (85.75-97.46)           91.30% (83.58-96.17)
          Female               84.81% (74.97-91.90)           91.46% (83.20-96.50)
Table 2. Summary of the performance metrics for the subsets of scans stratified by gender.


           Age                       Sensitivity (95% CI)                Specificity (95% CI)
       21 < Age < 50             83.33% (67.19-93.63)           88.73% (79.00-95.01)
       50 ≤ Age < 70             92.75% (83.89-97.61)           91.25% (82.80-96.41)
         Age ≥ 70               88.71% (78.11-95.34)          100.00% (85.18-100.00)
Table 3. Summary of the performance metrics for the subsets of scans stratified by age group.

             Slice Thickness                     Sensitivity (95% CI)                Specificity (95% CI)
        Slice Thickness < 1.5 mm            87.50% (79.92-92.99)           94.21% (88.44-97.64)
   1.5mm ≤ Slice Thickness < 3 mm         95.65% (78.05-99.89)          100.00% (82.35-100.00)
         Slice Thickness ≥ 3 mm             90.62% (74.98-98.02)           76.47% (58.83-89.25)
Table 4. Summary of the performance metrics for the subsets of scans stratified by slice thickness


                Clinical Site                       Sensitivity (95% CI)                Specificity (95% CI)
       Boston Medical Centre             89.38% (82.18-94.39)           94.35% (88.71-97.70)
              Other                    88.89% (77.37-95.81)           84.00% (70.89-92.83)
Table 5. Summary of the performance metrics for the subsets of scans stratified by referring hospital


   Minimal Volume Threshold (ml)       Sensitivity above Threshold (95% CI)
               vol ≥ 0 ml                     89.22% (83.50-93.49)
              vol ≥ 0.4ml                     94.59% (89.63-97.64)
               vol ≥ 1ml                      97.04% (92.59-99.19)
               vol ≥ 5ml                      99.04% (94.76-99.98)
Table 6. Summary of the sensitivity for the subsets of scans stratified by ICH volume

To assess the secondary outcome measure, the device’s time to notification was recorded for a sample of cases.
This ranged from 50 seconds to 126 seconds, and is substantially lower than the average time to notification seen
in the Standard of Care reported by the predicate device (38.2 minutes).

In summary, the clinical tests demonstrate that the device performs with good sensitivity and specificity to detect
acute ICH from non-contrast CT imaging, and met the primary study endpoint of 80% sensitivity and specificity. This
acceptability criterion was the same as used for the predicate device (Viz ICH, K193658), supporting the equivalent
performance to the predicate. Furthermore, the device’s time to notification ranged from 50-126 seconds which

Brainomix Limited
                                                                                                                     First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                             Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


was significantly shorter than the average time to notification seen in the Standard of Care of 38.2 minutes reported
by the predicate device.
Prescriptive Statement

Caution: Federal law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.

Conclusion

In conclusion, Brainomix 360 Triage ICH has the same intended use and is substantially equivalent in technological
characteristics, safety, and performance characteristics to the legally marketed predicate device, Viz ICH (K193658).