December 22, 2023

Qure.ai Technologies
℅ Sri Anusha Matta
Senior Regulatory Affairs Manager
Level 7, Commerz II, International Business Park
Oberoi Garden City, Goregaon(E)
Mumbai, Maharashtra 400063
INDIA

Re: K231805
    Trade/Device Name: qXR-LN
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2070
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Analyzer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MYN
    Dated: June 19, 2023
    Received: June 20, 2023

Dear Sri Anusha Matta:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K231805 - Sri Anusha Matta                                                         Page 2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801; medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                       Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K231805

Device Name
qXR-LN


Indications for Use (Describe)
The qXR-LN (qXR_Lung_nodule) is computer-aided detection software to identify and mark regions in relation to
suspected pulmonary nodules from 6 to 30 mm in size. The device is intended to be used in the incidental adult
population. It is designed to aid the physician to review the frontal (AP/PA) chest radiographs of adults acquired on digital
radiographic systems as a second reader and be used with any DICOM viewer or PACS . qXR-LN provides adjunctive
information only and is not a substitute for the original chest radiographic image.

 .


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K231805

                                              510(k) SUMMARY
                                                  Qure.ai’s qXR-LN

       1   SUBMITTER


        Qure.ai Technologies
        Level 7, Commerz II,
         International Business Park
       Oberoi Garden City, Goregaon (E),
      Mumbai 400 063
       Phone: +91-9768123013
        Primary Contact Person: Sri Anusha Matta
       Secondary contact person: Bunty Kundnani

       Date Prepared:  June 16, 2023


       2   DEVICE

               Name of Device:  qXR-LN

         Common or Usual Name:  Analyzer, Medical Image

                    Classification Name:  Medical image analyzer

                    Regulatory Class:   Class II

                 Regulation Number:  21 CFR 892.2070

                      Product Code:  MYN


       3   PREDICATE DEVICE

             Name of Device:  Auto Lung Nodule Detection

                   Manufacturer:  Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd

                   510(k) Number:  K201560


       4   INTENDED USE / INDICATIONS FOR USE:


The qXR-LN (qXR_Lung_nodule) is computer-aided detection software to identify and mark regions in
relation to suspected pulmonary nodules from 6 to 30 mm in size. The device is intended to be used in the
incidental adult population. It is designed to aid the physician to review the frontal (AP/PA) chest


                                             1

radiographs of adults acquired on digital radiographic systems as a second reader and be used with any
DICOM viewer or PACS . qXR-LN provides adjunctive information only and is not a substitute for the
original chest radiographic image.


       5   DEVICE DESCRIPTION

qXR-LN is a Computer-Aided Detection (CADe) device that is designed to perform CAD processing in frontal
(PA or AP view) Chest X-ray images for indication of locations for high nodule probability, which has an
effective detection size from 6 mm to 30 mm. The device is intended to be a secondary aid to the
qualified intended user to identify incidental pulmonary lung nodules chest x-ray images.

The device utilizes a deep learning algorithm. The qXR-LN was trained on a large and diverse dataset
of 2.5million scans from 5 countries across the world. The training dataset was from more than 25
manufacturers.

Chest X-rays are sent to qXR-LN by the means of transmission functions within the user’s image storage
system (e.g., Picture Archiving and Communication System (PACS)) or other radiological imaging
equipment (e.g., X-ray systems) and processed by the qXR-LN to detect and localise lung nodules.
Following receipt of chest radiographs, the software device automatically analyses each image to detect
and localise lung nodules.

qXR-LN receives chest x-ray images in digital imaging and communications in medicine (DICOM) as input.
The qXR-LN device produces DICOM format outputs that enable users to view the presence and location of
lung nodules.

This device is intended to aid the intended user in review of chest x-rays and detect and localise lung
nodules as a secondary reader. The results are not intended to be used on a standalone basis for clinical
decision-making nor is it intended to rule out the target conditions or otherwise preclude clinical
assessment of X-ray cases.


       6   COMPARISON OF THE PREDICATE DEVICE

qXR-LN is technologically similar to the predicate device, Samsung Electronics Auto Lung Nodule Detection
in regard to the intended use and technological characteristics. Both are medical image analysers intended
to read chest X-rays to detect and localise lung nodules. The algorithms function similarly and with the
same purpose of detection and localization of lung nodules. There are minor technological differences
between the subject and predicate devices. Samsung Auto Lung Nodule Detection detects and marks
nodules sized 10-30mm, whereas, qXR-LN can detect and mark nodules sized 6-30mm. The device is
intended to be used in the incidental adult population. Performance testing demonstrates that even with
the difference in nodule size detection the device performance is substantially equivalently to the
predicate device. The intended users of Samsung Auto Lung Nodule Detection are physicians, whereas, the
intended users of the qXR-LN are radiologists, emergency room physicians or pulmonologists. The
difference in intended users does not raise different questions of safety or effectiveness.

In terms of establishing substantial equivalence, the subject and predicate device have the same intended
use, as a medical image analyser that detects and localises lung nodules and produces case-level output.


                                             2

Table 1 Comparison between qXR-LN and the Predicate Device

                             Predicate Device                  Subject Device
                         Auto Lung Nodule Detection       qXR-LN
 Device Name             Auto Lung Nodule Detection       qXR-LN
 510(k) Number           K201560                       K231805
 Regulation               21 CFR 892.2070                21 CFR 892.2070
 Regulation Description     Medical Image Analyser            Medical Image Analyser
 Product Code          MYN                    MYN
 Device type               Medical Image Analyser            Medical Image Analyser

 Manufacturer            Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd        Qure.ai Technologies

 Intended use / Indications  The Auto Lung Nodule Detection    The qXR-LN (qXR_Lung_nodule) is
 for Use                             is computer-aided detection        computer-aided detection software
                            software to identify and mark       to identify and mark regions in
                             regions in relation to suspected      relation to suspected pulmonary
                         pulmonary nodules from 10 to 30   nodules from 6 to 30 mm in size. The
                mm in size. It is designed to aid     device is intended to be used in the
                           the physician to review the PA       incidental adult population. It is
                             chest radiographs of adults as a     designed to aid the physician to
                          second reader and be used as part  review the frontal (AP/PA) chest
                              of S-Station, which is operation     radiographs of adults acquired on
                            software installed on Samsung       digital radiographic systems as a
                                  Digital X-ray Imaging systems.      second reader and be used with any
                         Auto Lung Nodule Detection      DICOM viewer or PACS . qXR-LN
                           cannot be used on the patients      provides adjunctive information only
                     who have lung lesions other than   and is not a substitute for the original
                          abnormal nodules.                 chest radiographic image.


 Intended User               Physicians.                           Radiologists, emergency room
                                                                  physicians or pulmonologists who
                                                                     regularly review chest X-rays as part
                                                                  of their daily practice.
 Modality                  Chest X-ray                       Chest X-ray
 Target clinical conditions   Lung Nodules on PAview Chest X-   Lung Nodules on PA/AP view Chest Xrays                                rays

 Technology              Machine learning                Deep/Machine Learning

 Input format           DICOM                     DICOM
 Output      Type        ROI marked on the duplicated      ROI marked on the duplicated input
                             input image.                    image


                                             3

Predicate Device                  Subject Device
                         Auto Lung Nodule Detection       qXR-LN
        Performance Metrics

 Performance metrics used    Sensitivity, FPPI and JAFROC were    Sensitivity, FPPI and AFROC were
                              calculated                          calculated
                         Nodule level sensitivity 80.69%     Nodule level sensitivity 84.10 (77.97-
                                                                97.24)

                        JAFROC (aided – unaided) 7.8      AFROC (aided - unaided) 7.62 (p < 1 x
                            (p=0.0003)                            10-5)

                            FPPI (aided – unaided) +0.019       FPPI (aided – unaided) -0.0078

                         Nodule level Sensitivity (aided-     Nodule level Sensitivity (aided –
                            unaided) 10.8                    unaided) 11.96


       7   TESTING

Software

Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provided as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of Premarket
Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The software for this device has a Moderate level
of concern.

Performance Testing – Clinical

A standalone study to assess device performance was conducted. These scans were obtained from 8 states
(Ohio, New York, South Carolina, Iowa, Wisconsin, Texas, Oklahoma and Maryland) and 40 sites (each state
had multiple sites) across the US. There were 55.48% females. Most scans (90.92%) were between 22 and
85 years of age. 31.43% scans were obtained from portable X-ray machines. The scans were sourced from
more than 10 manufacturers. The data also consisted of commonly existing confounding conditions
(mimickers, hardware or others). The standalone study was performed to compare qXR-LN's performance
against a ground truth determined by 5 ABR certified ground truthers. They read the Chest X-rays with the
accompanying CT scans and reports and the ground truth was based on the nodules visible on the Chest Xray. qXR-LN achieved a nodule-level sensitivity of 84.1% which we believe is substantially equivalent to the
predicate’s performance. The overall FPPI was 0.18 (0.14 - 0.22). As secondary metrics, scan level analyses
were performed. qXR-LN achieved a scan level AUC of 94.51 (92.64 - 96.66). Sensitivity of 93.83 (88.94 –
97) and specificity of 81.09 (76.30 – 85) was achieved. Subgroup analyses was performed and presented
for relevant subgroups including age, gender, race, nodule characteristics, manufacturer, location of
nodule, scan view and confounders.

A fully crossed multi-case, multi-reader, retrospectively study design was utilized. The MRMC study was
conducted in a sequential study design as a second read aid. An image viewer without or with AI


                                             4

algorithms for lung nodule detection was used for chest X-ray scans. The ground truth was previously
established by board-certified radiologists in the standalone study.

The readers consisted of radiologists, pulmonologists and ER physicians who had experience of less 3, 3-7
and more than 7 years.

The multi-reader multi-case demonstrated that aided readers performance for lung nodule detection was
improved with statistical significance compared to unaided. We have performed subgroup analyses for
several key subgroups to demonstrate generalizability.

                     Table 2 Performance of readers aided vs unaided by qXR-LN

    Modality      AFROC Estimate (95% CI)      AFROC (aided-unaided)          P - Value

      Aided          0.8095 (0.7695-0.8494)
                                                 0.07621 (0.0497 – 0.1026)         P <1×10−5
    Unaided         0.7333 (0.6892-0.7774)


As secondary metrics, AUC and nodule level sensitivity were estimated. The AUC of the readers improved
by an estimate of 0.0697 (0.442 – 0.0953) and this result was significant. qXR-LN indicated 11.96%
improvement for nodule level sensitivity. Subgroup analyses was performed and presented for relevant
subgroups including age, gender, race, nodule characteristics, manufacturer, reader type, reader
experience,location of nodule, scan view and confounders.

       8   CONCLUSION

The comparison in Table 1 and the software and performance testing presented above demonstrate that
the qXR-LN device is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. The qXR-LN is a software only device,
similar to the predicate (Samsung Auto Lung Nodule Detection). The qXR-LN has similar indications,
technological characteristics, and principles of operation as the predicate device. There are minor
technological differences between the subject and predicate devices. Samsung Auto Lung Nodule
Detection detects and marks nodules sized 10-30mm, whereas, qXR-LN can detect and mark nodules sized
6 mm to 30 mm. The qXR-LN device can be used to detect and localize smaller nodules than the predicate
and the performance of qXR-LN has been demonstrated. The intended users of Samsung Auto Lung
Nodule Detection are physicians, whereas, the intended users of the qXR-LN are radiologists, emergency
room physicians or pulmonologists. This does not pose any additional risks. Both devices operate as
second reads in the standard workflow. The performance testing demonstrates that the qXR-LN device
performs as intended and is therefore substantially equivalent to the predicate. Software and Clinical
testing supports that the device performs in according with the device requirements.


                                             5