November 6, 2023
Lunit Inc.
℅ Hyung Tak Han
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
4-8 F, 374 Gangnam-daero, Gangnam-gu
SEOUL, 06241
SOUTH KOREA

Re: K231470
    Trade/Device Name: Lunit INSIGHT DBT
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2090
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Assisted Detection And Diagnosis Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QDQ
    Dated: October 4, 2023
    Received: October 4, 2023

Dear Hyung Tak Han:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K231470 - Hyung Tak Han                                                             Page 2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                         Yanna S. Kang -S
                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K231470
Device Name
Lunit INSIGHT DBT
Indications for Use (Describe)
Lunit INSIGHT DBT is a computer-assisted detection and diagnosis (CADe/x) software intended to
be used concurrently by interpreting physicians to aid in the detection and characterization of
suspected lesions for breast cancer in digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT) exams from compatible
DBT systems. Through the analysis, the regions of soft tissue lesions and calcifications are marked
with an abnormality score indicating the likelihood of the presence of malignancy for each lesion.
Lunit INSIGHT DBT uses screening mammograms of the female population.
Lunit INSIGHT DBT is not intended as a replacement for a complete interpreting physician’s review
or their clinical judgment that takes into account other relevant information from the image or patient
history.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) O Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

Lunit Inc.
                                                              4-8 F, 374, Gangnam-daero, Gangnam-gu,
                                                                 Seoul, 06241, Republic of Korea
                                                               www.lunit.io                                        Page 1/6


                                            510(k) Summary

                                    Lunit INSIGHT DBT (K231470)

This 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information  is prepared in accordance with the
requirements of 21 CFR §807.92.

1.  Submitter


                                        Lunit Inc.
                                     4-8 F, 374, Gangnam-daero, Gangnam-gu,
                                       Seoul, 06241, Republic of Korea
 Applicant (Manufacturer)
                                            Tel: + 82-70-5066-0849
                                    FAX: +82-2-6919-2702
                                         E-mail: ra_rad@lunit.io


                                    Harry Hyung Tak Han
 Primary Correspondent              Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                                       Email: hhan@lunit.io


                                Suhyoung Bahk
 Secondary Correspondent           Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                                       Email: sbahk@lunit.io


 Date Prepared                     2023. 11. 03


2.  Device Names and Classifications

Subject Device


 Name of Device                      Lunit INSIGHT DBT

                                        Radiological Computer Assisted Detection/Diagnosis Software For Suspicious
  Classification Name
                                      Lesions For Cancer

 Regulation                      21 CFR 892.2090

 Regulatory Class                      Class II

 Product Code                QDQ

Lunit Inc.
                                                              4-8 F, 374, Gangnam-daero, Gangnam-gu,
                                                                 Seoul, 06241, Republic of Korea
                                                               www.lunit.io                                        Page 2/6

Predicate Device


 Name of Device                      Lunit INSIGHT MMG

                                        Radiological Computer Assisted Detection/Diagnosis Software For Suspicious
  Classification Name
                                      Lesions For Cancer

 Regulation                      21 CFR 892.2090

 Regulatory Class                      Class II

 Product Code               QDQ

 Submission Number              K211678


3.  Device Description

Lunit INSIGHT DBT is a computer-assisted detection/diagnosis (CADe/x) software as a medical device that
provides information about the presence, location and characteristics of lesions suspicious for breast cancer to
assist interpreting physicians in making diagnostic decisions when reading digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT)
images. The software automatically analyzes  digital breast tomosynthesis slices via  artificial intelligence
technology that has been trained via deep learning.

For each DBT case, Lunit INSIGHT DBT generates an artificial intelligence analysis results that include the lesion
type, location, lesion-level/case-level score, and outline of the regions suspected of breast cancer. This peripheral
information intends to augment the physician’s workflow to better aid in detection and diagnosis of breast
cancer.


4.   Indication for Use

Lunit INSIGHT DBT is a computer-assisted detection and diagnosis (CADe/x) software intended to be used
concurrently by interpreting physicians to aid in the detection and characterization of suspected lesions for
breast cancer in digital breast tomosynthesis (DBT) exams from compatible DBT systems. Through the analysis,
the regions of soft tissue lesions and calcifications are marked with an abnormality score indicating the likelihood
of the presence of malignancy for each lesion. Lunit INSIGHT DBT uses screening mammograms of the female
population.

Lunit INSIGHT DBT is not intended as a replacement for a complete interpreting physician’s review or their clinical
judgment that takes into account other relevant information from the image or patient history.

Lunit Inc.
                                                              4-8 F, 374, Gangnam-daero, Gangnam-gu,
                                                                 Seoul, 06241, Republic of Korea
                                                               www.lunit.io                                        Page 3/6

5.  Summary of Substantial Equivalence


                                      Subject Device                               Predicate Device
        Item
                                      Lunit INSIGHT DBT                             Lunit INSIGHT MMG

                          Radiological Computer Assisted                 Radiological Computer Assisted
  Classification Name    Detection/Diagnosis Software For Suspicious    Detection/Diagnosis Software For Suspicious
                         Lesions For Cancer                             Lesions For Cancer

 Regulation           21 CFR 892.2090                          21 CFR 892.2090


 Regulatory Class        Class II                                          Class II


 Product Code       QDQ                           QDQ

                          Lunit INSIGHT DBT is a computer-assisted
                        detection and diagnosis (CADe/x) software
                       intended to be used concurrently by             Lunit INSIGHT MMG is a radiological
                          interpreting physicians to aid in the detection   Computer-Assisted Detection and Diagnosis
                     and characterization of suspected lesions for    (CADe/x) software device based on an
                        breast cancer in digital breast tomosynthesis     artificial intelligence algorithm intended to aid
                       (DBT) exams from compatible DBT systems.      in the detection, localization, and
                      Through the analysis, the regions of soft         characterization of suspicious areas for breast
                           tissue lesions and calcifications are marked     cancer on mammograms from compatible
                       with an abnormality score indicating the      FFDM systems. As an adjunctive tool, the
 Indication for Use      likelihood of the presence of malignancy for     device is intended to be viewed by
                      each lesion. Lunit INSIGHT DBT uses screening   interpreting physicians after completing their
                  mammograms of the female population.           initial read. It is not intended as a
                                                                 replacement for a complete physician’s
                          Lunit INSIGHT DBT is not intended as a         review or their clinical judgement that takes
                      replacement for a complete interpreting         into account other relevant information from
                          physician’s review or their clinical judgment     the image or patient history. The Lunit
                         that takes into account other relevant         INSIGHT MMG uses screening mammograms
                        information from the image or patient          of the female population.
                           history.


 Target patient
                Women undergoing mammography        Women undergoing mammography
 population

                         Physicians interpreting screening                Physicians interpreting screening
 Intended user
                  mammograms                        mammograms

 Input Image Source   DBT                               FFDM

                          Lunit INSIGHT DBT is powered by artificial       Lunit INSIGHT MMG is powered by artificial
 Fundamental
                         intelligence/machine learning-based software   intelligence/machine learning-based software
 Technological Basis
                        algorithm                                    algorithm

Lunit Inc.
                                                              4-8 F, 374, Gangnam-daero, Gangnam-gu,
                                                                 Seoul, 06241, Republic of Korea
                                                               www.lunit.io                                        Page 4/6

6.  Comparison with Predicate Device

The substantial equivalence table above summarizes the similarities and differences between Lunit INSIGHT DBT
and its predicate device, Lunit INSIGHT MMG (K211678). Both devices use artificial intelligence technologies and
deep learning techniques to fulfill its intended purpose to detect and characterize lesions suspected of breast
cancer. The devices differ in its input file for analysis where Lunit INSIGHT DBT requires DBT scans whereas its
predicate analyzes FFDM’s. Outputs of both devices augments the interpreting physicians in the diagnosis of
asymptomatic patients.


7.  Performance Data

7.1.   Non-clinical Testing Summary
Software Verification and Validation
Lunit INSIGHT DBT is determined as Moderate level of Concern since a malfunction of, or a latent design flaw in,
the software could result in Minor injury. Software was verified through software unit test, software integration
test and software system test. Based on results of verification, Lunit INSIGHT DBT demonstrated that it fulfilled
the software requirements.


Standalone Performance Testing
A standalone performance study of the Lunit INSIGHT DBT assessed the detection performance of the artificial
intelligence algorithm for breast cancer within DBT exams.


Total of 2,202 DBT exams of female adults were collected at multiple imaging facilities in the US using Hologic
and GE Healthcare equipment. The data was collected consecutively with the following information: patient
information, original radiology report, follow-up biopsy and pathology data, and further imaging diagnostic workup. The dataset consisted of 1,100 negative and benign cases, and 1,102 cancer cases. In terms of ethnicity and
race, the cases were composed of White, American Indian, African American, Asian, and other races, and
representative of the general US population. The standalone performance of the Lunit INSIGHT DBT was
examined by comparing the analysis results with the reference standards. The reference standards were
established through binary classification of each case based on clinical supporting data, particularly pathology
reports for cancer and biopsy-proven benign cases, followed by localization which was derived based on the
radiologic review and annotation by multiple MQSA qualified ground truthers. The dataset used in the
standalone performance test was independent from the dataset used for development of the  artificial
intelligence algorithm. For generalizability, various subgroup analyses were conducted on the collected dataset
including  image/radiologic  characteristics  (e.g.  modality  manufacturer,  slice  thickness),  demographic
information (e.g., age, race), and clinically relevant confounders (e.g. breast density, BI-RADS, breast cancer type).

Lunit Inc.
                                                              4-8 F, 374, Gangnam-daero, Gangnam-gu,
                                                                 Seoul, 06241, Republic of Korea
                                                               www.lunit.io                                        Page 5/6

Standalone Performance Results
The primary endpoint was to demonstrate AUROC in standalone performance greater than 0.903, the mean
AUROC of the predicate device (K211678). The subject device’s AUROC in the standalone performance analysis
was 0.928 (95% CI: 0.917 - 0.939) with statistical significance (p < 0.0001), which exceeded the acceptance criteria
of the primary endpoint.


7.2.   Clinical Assessment Summary
Clinical performance assessment was conducted to evaluate effectiveness of Lunit INSIGHT DBT in the assistance
of detection and diagnosis of breast cancer during DBT exam interpretation. A retrospective, multi-reader multicase (MRMC) study was conducted comparing the reading panel’s interpretation performance with and without
the use of the Lunit INSIGHT DBT software during the DBT exam interpretation. During the study, every reading
panel member, a total of 15 MQSA qualified and US board-certified radiologists, performed interpretation and
completed reading sessions, CAD unassisted and CAD assisted, independently using a setting similar to a
screening procedure in the US.


Clinical Assessment Primary Objective
The primary objective of the clinical performance assessment was to evaluate the effectiveness of Lunit INSIGHT
DBT by comparing the clinical performance of radiologists  with CAD and without CAD assistance.  If the
performance with CAD assistance is superior to that of without CAD assistance with statistical significance, the
study was considered to be successful.


Clinical Assessment Data Description
Total of 258 DBT exams were acquired from US clinical centers and were collected using Hologic and GE
Healthcare equipment. 65 were cancer cases and 193 were non-cancer cases (128 normal and 65 benign cases).


Clinical Assessment Results
The primary endpoint result of the study was comparison of patient-level Level of Suspicion (LOS) area under the
Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve between CAD-assisted and CAD-unassisted interpretation. AUROC
for CAD-unassisted interpretation was 0.897 (95% CI 0.858 - 0.936), when that of CAD-assisted interpretation
was 0.915 (95% CI: 0.874 - 0.955) with inter-test difference of 0.017 (95%: CI 0.000 - 0.034, P = 0.0498).


8.  Assessment of Benefit-Risk, General Safety and Effectiveness

Risk management of the subject device is conducted via hazard analysis which identifies and mitigates existing
and potential hazards. Hazards were controlled throughout the software lifecycle with control measures with
regards to software development, verification, and validation. Furthermore, labeling information consists of
instructions for use with necessary cautionary statements for safe and effective use of the software. Lunit finds
the use of the software has a positive balance in terms of probable benefits versus foreseeable and identified
risks.

Lunit Inc.
                                                              4-8 F, 374, Gangnam-daero, Gangnam-gu,
                                                                 Seoul, 06241, Republic of Korea
                                                               www.lunit.io                                        Page 6/6


9.   Conclusion

Lunit INSIGHT DBT is substantially equivalent to Lunit INSIGHT MMG because they are identical with regards to
intended use and share similar technological or performance characteristics. The minor differences  in
technological characteristics do not alter the intended use of the device and do not raise new questions or safety
and effectiveness. In addition, non-clinical and clinical testing results demonstrate that the Lunit INSIGHT DBT is
as safe and effective as the predicate Lunit INSIGHT MMG. Thus, the substantial equivalence has been
demonstrated.