September 7, 2023


Biosense Webster, Inc.
Caleb Lau
Senior Regulatory Affairs Program Lead
31 Technology Drive, Suite 200
Irvine, California 92618


Re: K231207
    Trade/Device Name: CARTO™ 3 EP Navigation System Software V8.0
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.1425
    Regulation Name: Programmable diagnostic computer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: DQK
    Dated: August 8, 2023
    Received: August 8, 2023

Dear Caleb Lau:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K231207 - Caleb Lau                                                                   Page 2


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                     Aneesh S. Deoras -S
                                       Aneesh Deoras
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                Diagnostics and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K231207

Device Name
CARTO™ 3 EP Navigation System Software V8.0


Indications for Use (Describe)
The intended use of the CARTO™ 3 System is catheter-based cardiac electrophysiological (EP) procedures. The
CARTOTM 3 System provides information about the electrical activity of the heart and about catheter location during the
procedure. The system can be used on patients who are eligible for a conventional electrophysiological procedure.

The system has no special contraindications.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                             Page 1 of 1                                                     PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(K) SUMMARY

 Applicant:       Biosense Webster, Inc.
                31 Technology Drive, Suite 200 Irvine, CA
                  92618, USA
                      Tel.: (800) 729-9010
                  Fax: (909) 839-8500
 Contact         Caleb Lau
 Person:          Senior Regulatory Affairs Program Lead Phone: 949-
                 704-1584
                  Fax: 949-450-6886
 Authored by:     Dorit Eizenberg
                   Senior Regulatory Affairs Program Lead Biosense
                 Webster (Israel), Ltd.
                  and Caleb Lau
                   Senior Regulatory Affairs Program Lead Biosense
                  Webster, Inc.

 Date:           August 8, 2023
 Device Trade   CARTOTM 3 EP Navigation System V8.0
 Name:
 Device           Cardiac Mapping System
 Common
 Name:
 Manufacturing   FG-5400-00,
 Number:                FG-5400-00U
 Device          Programmable diagnostic computer
 Classification:                   Class II, 21 CFR 870.1425
 Product Code   DQK
 Predicate      CARTO® 3 EP Navigation System with CARTOSOUND™ 4D
 Device:          Version 7.4 510(k)#: K223733


                                                                K231207 - 1 of 8

Manufacturing   Biosense Webster (Israel), Ltd.
Facilities:        a Johnson & Johnson Company
               4 Hatnufa Street
               Yokneam, ISRAEL 2066717

                 Biosense Webster, Inc.
               23 Hubble Drive
                    Irvine, CA 92618
            USA
Device
Description:
                              The CARTOTM 3 EP Navigation System V8.0, is a
                                      catheter-based  atrial  and  ventricular  mapping
                                  system designed to acquire and analyze navigation
                                        catheter’s location and intracardiac ECG signals
                                 and use this information to display 3D anatomical
                                 and electroanatomical maps of the human heart.
                              The  location information needed  to  create  the
                                      cardiac maps  and  the  local  electrograms  are
                                     acquired using specialized mapping catheters and
                                      reference devices. The CARTOTM 3 System uses
                               two  distinct  types  of  location  technology  –
                 magnetic sensor technology and Advanced Catheter Location (ACL)
                  technology.

               The CARTOTM 3 System V8.0 consists of the following hardware
                 components:

                    •   Patient Interface Unit (PIU)
                    •  Workstation with Graphic User Interface (GUI)
                    •  Wide-Screen monitors, keyboard, and mouse
                    •   Intracardiac In Port
                    •   Intracardiac Out Port
                    •  Power Supply
                    •  Patches Connection Box and Cables (PU)
                    •  Pedals
                    •  Location Pad (LP)
                    •  Signal Processing Unit (SPU)

                  All hardware components of the CARTOTM 3 system V8.0 are the
               same as those found in the predicate device.

Indications for   The intended use of the CARTOTM 3 System is catheter-based cardiac
Use:               electrophysiological (EP) procedures. The CARTOTM 3 System
                  provides information about the electrical activity of the heart and about
                    catheter location during the procedure. The system can be used on


                                                               K231207 - 2 of 8

patients who are eligible for a conventional electrophysiological
                   procedure.

               The system has no special contraindications.

               The indications for use for the CARTOTM 3 System V8.0 are identical
                    to the indications for use of the predicate device, the CARTO® 3
                System with CARTOSOUND™ 4D, software V7.4.

Technological    The modified CARTOTM 3 EP Navigation System V8.0 has the same
Characteristics:  technological   characteristics    (i.e.,   design,   material,  chemical
                  composition, energy source) as the predicate CARTO® 3 EP Navigation
                System with CARTOSOUND™ 4D, software V7.4 (K223733). A
               summary  of  the  technological  characteristics  of  the new  device
                compared to the predicate device is as follows:

                          •  Have identical intended use.
                          •  Use the same fundamental scientific technology.
                          •  Have the same hardware platform.
                          •  Have identical magnetic and ACL location mapping
                          technology.
                          •  Have identical magnetic location sensor and ACL location
                          accuracy.

               The differences between the predicate device and the modified device
                   are the addition of a new software features, improvements of the legacy
                 modules.

            DESCRIPTION OF MODIFICATIONS:

                  1.1  MULTIPOLAR MAPPING

               The Multipolar Mapping provides an additional annotation to the
                Wavefront  Annotation  mechanism,  designed  to  enable  a  better
                   discrimination between local activation and far-field potentials, and
                     results in an improved consistency of the LAT annotation and Voltage
                 measurements.

                  1.2  AUTO PATTERN ACQUISITION

               Auto Pattern Acquisition automatically acquires BS ECG or IC EGMs
                    patterns for either ventricular or atrial mappings. Automatic
                   acquisition is achieved through a clustering mechanism using
                incoming beats, grouped based on similar morphology, to create
                    different maps for the patterns of interest.


                                                               K231207 - 3 of 8

1.3  COMPLEX SIGNALS IDENTIFICATION

The Complex Signals Identification (CSI) module is a machine
learning locked algorithm that automatically tags fractionated IC ECG
signals. This module allows the identification and visualization of
complex signals during continuous mapping mode or retrospectively.
In addition, tools for viewing the identified complex signals in specific
regions of interest are provided.

For developing and validating the algorithm, a control database was
created using input from multiple stable atrial typical and atypical
flutter cases. This data was sourced from Medical Centers in Europe
and the United States of America. It included data from different
catheters, with complex signals, single activations, noisy signals, and
so on.


1.4  CARTOSOUND™ FAM

The CARTOSOUND™ FAM Module  is  used  to  automatically
reconstruct an editable 3D volume with automatic 3D segmentation of
the Left Atrium (LA) anatomies, based on a series of 2D ultrasound
gated input frames acquired from the Right Atrium (RA, Fossa Ovalis)
and/or the Right Ventricular Outflow Tract (RVOT).

The CARTOSOUND™ FAM Module incorporates a Deep Learning
(DL) algorithm. Data for training and validation of the DL algorithm
was collected from diverse locations and populations, using a variety
of ultrasound system settings, scanners, and Catheters.


1.5  LAT VELOCITY VECTORS (LVV)

The LAT Velocity Vectors (LVV) enables a visual display of the
conduction mechanism in the chamber via velocity vectors on top of the
3D map, indicating the speed and direction of the activation wave as it
propagates through the chamber.

1.6  CATHETERS SUPPORT

CARTO™ 3 system improved support of QDOT Micro™
Catheter:

CARTO™ 3 system V8.0 includes the following QDOT Module
Improvements on the CARTO software version that was part of PMA
P210027: enhanced ECG channels filters, addition of nGEN PUMP


                                               K231207 - 4 of 8

real-time flow rate display, display improvement, reflection of irrigation
changes for focal ablation and during ablation only.

CARTO™ 3 system support of OPTRELL™ Mapping Catheter
through SPU:
Visualization and mapping capabilities for the OPTRELL ™ Mapping
catheter. OPTRELL support includes Local Conduction Vectors (LCV),
showing  visualization  of  the  wave  propagation  through  the
OPTRELL™ Catheter, indicating direction and speed.


CARTO™ 3 system support of LASSOSTAR NAV:
Visualization and mapping capabilities for LASSOSTAR NAV Circular
Mapping Catheter.

1.7  LEGACY FEATURES MODIFICATIONS

VISITAG Module - Compensated VISITAG Stability Algorithm:
The VISITAG stability indication in the predicate device CARTO® 3
System V7.4 is based on the ACCURESP™ algorithm that provides the
ablation  catheter  end-expirium  locations,  meaning  that  stability
indication  is  updated once  every  respiration  cycle. A  modified
respiration decomposition ("Compensated") algorithm was developed
that estimates the catheter motion in real-time based on the respiration
originated motion and subtracting it from the measured location. The
Compensated Stability algorithm enables faster feedback to user at the
beginning of ablation ensuring VISITAG early appearance, when the
stability conditions are maintained.

Late Annotation Mapping (LAM):
Late Annotation Mapping provides an additional mapping criterion that
allows a Late Boundary (LB) annotation line to be placed within the
standard LAT Window of Interest (WOI).


CONFIDENSE Module – SmartMap:
In the legacy CONFIDENSE™ Module design, the map is colored
according to the  first point that passed the CONFIDENSE™  filter
thresholds and was acquired in every specific location, and such that
new potential points will be filtered out  if the position  is already
occupied,  even  if  they  also  passed  the CONFIDENSE™  filter
thresholds (first comes, first stays).
With SmartMap, each potential point in the study is rated with a Smart
Index, indicating  its  relative  quality based on quality parameters


                                               K231207 - 5 of 8

(Pattern matching, Respiration, LAT stability, Position stability, Tissue
proximity, Signal sharpness). SmartMap prioritizes high Smart Index
score points over low Smart Index score points when building maps, by
swapping points in the map according to their Smart Index score (best
comes, best stays even if not first).


                                               K231207 - 6 of 8

Performance   The CARTOTM 3 EP Navigation System V8.0 underwent verification and
Data:            validation testing under simulated clinical conditions to verify the new
                  features and to demonstrate with regression testing that the modifications
               performed did not negatively affect existing features.

                 Verification and Validation Testing
                Software Verification and Validation testing completed for CARTO™ 3
               System V8.0 included:

                   •  Proof of Design – Testing was performed to verify the
                CARTOTM 3 System V8.0 design meets specifications. All
                           testing performed were successfully completed and met the
                       acceptance criteria.
                   •  Functional verification – Testing was performed to verify the
                         functional requirements of CARTOTM 3 System V8.0, including
                           testing  of  the new  features and improvements  as  well  as
                         regression testing to verify continued functionality of CARTO® 3
                     System legacy  features. All system  features were found  to
                      perform according to specifications and met the tests acceptance
                              criteria.
                   •  Unit  Tests –  Testing was performed  to  verify  the  design
                       implementation in CARTOTM 3 V8.0 software is compatible with
                         the design. All testing performed were successfully completed
                     and met the acceptance criteria.
                   •  Retrospective Validation Tests – Testing was performed  to
                          validate the clinical functionality and quality of new introduced
                      modules. Testing was performed  retrospectively, on  clinical
                       recorded data from historic EP procedures performed with the
                CARTOTM 3 System. All testing performed were successfully
                      completed and met the acceptance criteria.

             Bench Testing:
              Bench  Testing completed  for CARTO™ 3 System V8.0  included
                  Usability Testing: Summative Usability testing was conducted to validate
                   that CARTOTM 3 System V8.0 User Interface is safe and effective for use.
                 In light of the usability validation study results,  it is concluded that
           CARTOTM 3 System V8.0 has been found to be safe and effective for the
                 intended users, uses and use environments.

              Animal Testing:
              Animal testing was conducted to evaluate the CARTOTM 3 System V8.0
                  functionality under simulated clinical workflow and conditions. All test
                 protocol steps were successfully completed and expected results were
                 achieved.


                                                               K231207 - 7 of 8

All testing passed in accordance with appropriate test criteria, and the
                modified device did not raise new questions of safety or effectiveness.

                 Clinical Testing:
          A  Real-World  Evidence  study (REAL AF  Registry  Sub-Study)
                 evaluating the safety and acute effectiveness of Paroxysmal  Atrial
                   Fibrillation  ablation  with  a  zero/low  fluoroscopy  workflow was
                performed. The  data from  the study demonstrated  the  safety and
                  effectiveness of zero/low fluoroscopy workflow. The primary safety and
                secondary acute effectiveness endpoints were met in the REAL AF
                 Registry population. The safety of the zero/low fluoroscopy workflow
              was further corroborated by the comparable cumulative incidences of the
                secondary safety endpoint between the zero/low fluoroscopy group and
                  the conventional fluoroscopy group.


Conclusions:   The CARTOTM 3 EP Navigation System V8.0 is substantially equivalent
                  to  the  currently  cleared CARTO® 3 EP Navigation System with
          CARTOSOUND™ 4D, software version V7.4, based on the completion
                 of verification and validation testing.


                                                               K231207 - 8 of 8