May 12, 2023
Philips Ultrasound LLC
℅ Prithul Bom
Most Responsible Person
Regulatory Technology Services, LLC
1000 Westgate Drive, Suite 510k
SAINT PAUL MN 55114


Re: K231190
    Trade/Device Name: EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1550
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic pulsed doppler imaging system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: IYN, IYO, ITX, OBJ, QIH
    Dated: April 26, 2023
    Received: April 26, 2023

Dear Prithul Bom:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 2
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K231190 - Prithul Bom                                                                Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                  Yanna S. Kang -S

                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
  K231190
Device Name
 EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

Indications for Use (Describe)
 The intended use of EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems is diagnostic ultrasound imaging
 and fluid flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:
 * Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular,
 Cephalic (Adult), Cephalic (Neonatal), Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Intra-cardiac Echo,
 Intra-luminal, Intraoperative (Vascular), Intraoperative (Cardiac), Musculoskeletal
 (Conventional), Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric,
 Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid, Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac),
 Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.
 * The clinical environments where EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems can be used
 include clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.
 * When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the interventionalist
 and surgeon with image guidance during treatment of cardiovascular disease in which the
 procedure uses both live X-ray and live echo guidance.
 * The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
 procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be
 operated only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were
 designed.
 * However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound clinical
 judgment and best clinical procedure.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
    F Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       HOver-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

510(k) Summary                                           #K231190

This summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with 21 CFR § 807.92.

Date Prepared: March 24, 2023

       I.      Submitter

        Manufacturer Name and       Philips Ultrasound LLC
       Address                   22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA

        Contact Information          Courtney Nix
                                      Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                                 22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA


       Secondary Contact         Tamara Daniels
                                      Senior Regulatory Affairs Manager
                                 22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                             Bothell, WA 98021-8431 USA

       II.     Device

         Proprietary Name          EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

      Common Name               Diagnostic Ultrasound System and Transducers

        Product Code;               IYN; Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System; 21 CFR
        Regulation Description;      892.1550 (Primary)
        Regulation Number          IYO; Ultrasonic Pulsed Echo Imaging System; 21 CFR
                                    892.1560
                                         ITX; Diagnostic Ultrasonic Transducer; 21 CFR 892.1570
                                 OBJ; Diagnostic Intravascular Catheter; 21 CFR 870.1200
                                    QIH; Medical Image Management and Processing System;
                                 21 CFR 892.2050

        Device Class                 Class II

       Review Panel                 Radiology

        Predicate Device            K212704; Philips EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System

        Reference Device           K162329; CX50 Diagnostic Ultrasound System, Sparq
                                        Diagnostic Ultrasound System


       III.     Device Description

   The purpose of this Traditional 510(k) Pre-Market Notification is to introduce the mL26-8 transducer:

   The mL26-8 is a linear array transducer designed primarily for superficial high-resolution imaging in
    Musculoskeletal (Superficial), Ophthalmic, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, and Small Organ (Breast,
    Thyroid, Testicle). The mL26-8 has a frequency of 6-13.33 MHz.

    IV.     Indications for Use

   The intended use of EPIQ Ultrasound Diagnostic System is diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid
    flow analysis of the human body, with the following indications for use:

Abdominal, Cardiac Adult, Cardiac other (Fetal), Cardiac Pediatric, Cerebral Vascular, Cephalic (Adult),
Cephalic  (Neonatal),  Fetal/Obstetric,  Gynecological,  Intraoperative  (Vascular),  Intraoperative
(Cardiac),  intra-luminal,  intra-cardiac  echo,  Musculoskeletal  (Conventional),  Musculoskeletal
(Superficial), Ophthalmic, Other: Urology, Pediatric, Peripheral Vessel, Small Organ (Breast, Thyroid,
Testicle), Transesophageal (Cardiac), Transrectal, Transvaginal, Lung.

The clinical environments where EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems can be used include
clinics, hospitals, and clinical point-of-care for diagnosis of patients.

When integrated with Philips EchoNavigator, the systems can assist the interventionalist and surgeon
with image guidance during treatment of cardiovascular disease in which the procedure uses both live
X-ray and live echo guidance.

The systems are intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with the safety
procedures and operating instructions given in the product user information. Systems are to be
operated only by appropriately trained healthcare professionals for the purposes for which they were
designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces your responsibility for sound clinical
judgement and best clinical procedure.

V.     Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate

The purpose of the submission is to introduce the mL26-8 transducer to the EPIQ Series Diagnostic
Ultrasound Systems.

The intended users, use environment, intended use, accessories and offered features are unchanged
as compared to the predicate. The expansion of the indications for use to include Ophthalmic is
supported by the reference device. All other indications are unchanged from the predicate device.

VI.     Safety Considerations

The proposed EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System, including mL26-8, are all Track 3 Devices
and comply with the referenced standards as well as the FDA ultrasound guidance document,
Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff – Marketing Clearance of Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems and
Transducers, issued in February 2023.

VII.    Nonclinical Performance Data

Philips Ultrasound performed the following testing to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the
proposed EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System:

•  ANSI/AAMI ES 60601-1: Medical electrical equipment. Part 1: General requirements for basic
    safety and essential performance, 2005/(R)2012 and A1:2012, C1:2009/(R)2012 and
    A2:2010/(R)2012 (consolidated text)
•  IEC 60601-1-2 Medical Electrical Equipment – Part 1-2, General Requirements for Basic Safety
   and Essential Performance – Collateral Standard Electromagnetic Compatibility, 2014
•  IEC 60601-1-6 Medical Electrical Equipment Part 1-6, General Requirements for Basic Safety
   and Essential Performance- Collateral standard: Usability, 2013
•  IEC 60601-2-37: Medical electrical equipment. Particular requirements for the basic safety and
    essential performance of ultrasonic medical diagnostic and monitoring equipment, 2015
•  IEC 62304: Medical Device Software – Software life cycle process, 2015
•  IEC 62359, Ultrasonics – Field characterization – Test methods for the determination of thermal
   and mechanical indices related to medical diagnostic ultrasonic fields, 2017-09
•  ISO 10993-1: Biological evaluation of medical devices – Part 1: Evaluation and testing within a
     risk management process; 2018

Non-Clinical performance testing has been conducted addressing system level requirements
according to system and design specifications, and risk control measures. Design Control activities to
assure the safety and effectiveness of EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System include but are not
limited to the following:
•   Requirements Review
•   Risk Analysis and Management
•   Product Specifications
•   Design Reviews

VIII.    Clinical Data

The proposed EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System did not require clinical data for
determination of substantial equivalence since substantial equivalence was demonstrated based on
the following attributes:
•   Design features
•   Indications for use
•   Fundamental scientific technology
•   Non-clinical performance testing
•   Safety and effectiveness

IX.    Conclusion

For testing, all pre-determined acceptance criteria were met. Results of these tests show that the
proposed EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound System, including mL26-8, met the intended use.

While the predicate, Philips EPIQ Diagnostic Ultrasound System (K212704), does not have the
‘Ophthalmic’ indication, the L12-4 transducer, currently compatible with and cleared on the reference
device, CX50 Diagnostic Ultrasound System, Sparq Diagnostic Ultrasound System (K162329), is
currently indicated for ‘Ophthalmic’. Furthermore, the proposed mL26-8 has a higher frequency when
compared to the existing compatible transducer on the Philips EPIQ Diagnostic Ultrasound System,
however, the proposed mL26-8 transducer’s frequency is within the limits of the Guidance for Industry
and FDA Staff – Marketing Clearance of Diagnostic Ultrasound Systems and Transducers, issued in
February 2023. The additional indication and higher frequency enhances the predicate device, the
Philips EPIQ Diagnostic Ultrasound System (K212704), these design changes do not significantly
affect the use of the device, nor do they introduce any new or significantly modified risks. The
differences between the proposed device and the predicate and reference devices do not raise new
questions of safety and/or effectiveness. Therefore, the proposed EPIQ Series Diagnostic Ultrasound
System is similar to the predicate, Philips EPIQ Diagnostic Ultrasound System, in terms of indications
for use, design, technological characteristics, modes of operations, safety and effectiveness.