September 11, 2023
Ewoosoft Co., Ltd

Regulatory Affairs Consultant
LK Consulting Group USA, Inc.
18881 Von Karman Ave. STE 160
IRVINE, CA 92612


Re: K231757
    Trade/Device Name: Ez3D-i /E3
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH

Dear Priscilla Chung:

The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is sending this letter to notify you of an administrative change
related to your previous substantial equivalence (SE) determination letter dated July 14th, 2023. Specifically,
FDA is updating this SE Letter   incorrect product code as an administrative correction.

Please note that the 510(k) submission was not re-reviewed. For questions regarding this letter please contact
Lu Jiang, OHT8: Office of Radiological Health, 240-402-5779, lu.jiang@fda.hhs.gov.

                                                Sincerely,
                      Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                  DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices
                                          and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

July 14, 2023

Ewoosoft Co., Ltd
℅ Priscilla Chung
Regulatory Affairs Consultant
LK Consulting Group USA, Inc.
18881 Von Karman Ave. STE 160
IRVINE, CA 92612


Re: K231757
    Trade/Device Name: Ez3D-i /E3
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: June 12, 2023
    Received: June 16, 2023

Dear Priscilla Chung:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K231757 - Priscilla Chung                                                              Page 2


requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                   Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging Devices
                                          and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K231757
Device Name
Ez3D-i /E3
Indications for Use (Describe)
Ez3D-i is dental imaging software that is intended to provide diagnostic tools for maxillofacial radiographic imaging.
These tools are available to view and interpret a series of DICOM compliant dental radiology images and are meant to be
used by trained medical professionals such as radiologist and dentist.
Ez3D-i is intended for use as software to load, view and save DICOM images from CT, panorama, cephalometric and
intraoral imaging equipment and to provide 3D visualization, 2D analysis, in various MPR (Multi-Planar Reconstruction)
functions.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K231757


                     510(k) Summary


This summary of 510(k) information is being submitted in accordance with requirements of 21
CFR Part 807.92.

1.  Date: 6/12/2023

2.  Applicant / Submitter

   Ewoosoft Co., Ltd.
    801-ho, Vatechnetworks Bldg., 13, Samsung 1-ro 2-gil,
    Hwaseong-si, Gyeonggido , Republic of Korea
    Tel: +82 31 8015 6172     Fax: +82 31 8015 6196
   Contact person: Young Seok Kim
   Email: eddie.kim@ewoosoft.com

3.  U.S. Designated Agent

    Priscilla Chung
  LK Consulting Group USA, Inc.
   18881 Von Karman Ave. STE 160
    Irvine, CA 92612
    Tel: 714.202.5789      Fax: 714.409.3357
   Email: juhee.c@LKconsultingGroup.com

4.  Subject Device:

   •  Trade/Device Name:  Ez3D-i /E3
   •  Version #: v5.5
   •  Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
   •  Regulation Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System
   •  Regulatory Class: Class II
   •  Product Code: LLZ


5.  Predicate Device:

   •  Manufacturer: Ewoosoft Co., Ltd.
   •  Trade/Device name: Ez3D-i /E3
   •  Version #: v5.4
   •  510(k) number: K222069
   •  Regulation number 21 CFR 892.2050
   •  Regulation name: Picture Archiving and Communications System
   •  Regulatory Class: Class II


                                            Page 1 of 4

•   Classification Product Code: LLZ

6.  Device Description:

   Ez3D-i v5.5 is 3D viewing software for dental CT images in DICOM format with a host of
    useful functions including MPR, 2-dimensional analysis and 3-dimensional image
    reformation. It provides advanced simulation functions such as Implant Simulation, Drawing
   Canal, and Implant Environ Bone Density, etc. for the benefit of effective doctor and patient
   communication and precise treatment planning.

7.  Indication for use:

   Ez3D-i is dental imaging software that is intended to provide diagnostic tools for
    maxillofacial radiographic imaging. These tools are available to view and interpret a series of
  DICOM compliant dental radiology images and are meant to be used by trained medical
    professionals such as radiologist and dentist.

   Ez3D-i is intended for use as software to load, view and save DICOM images from CT,
   panorama, cephalometric and intraoral imaging equipment and to provide 3D visualization,
  2D analysis, in various MPR (Multi-Planar Reconstruction) functions.


                                            Page 2 of 4

8.  Substantial Equivalence:

    8.1. Comparison chart of features and specifications

                                    Subject Device                           Predicate Device
     Device Name                 Ez3D-i v5.5(E3)                          Ez3D-i v5.4(E3)
    510K number                                   -                                K222069
     Manufacturer                    Ewoosoft                                Ewoosoft
  Indications for use     Ez3D-i is dental imaging software that is      Ez3D-i is dental imaging software that is
                        intended to provide diagnostic tools for        intended to provide diagnostic tools for
                          maxillofacial radiographic imaging. These     maxillofacial radiographic imaging. These
                           tools are available to view and interpret a       tools are available to view and interpret a
                            series of DICOM compliant dental radiology   series of DICOM compliant dental
                      images and are meant to be used by trained    radiology images and are meant to be used
                       medical professionals such as radiologist      by trained medical professionals such as
                      and dentist.                                     radiologist and dentist.

                      Ez3D-i is intended for use as software to      Ez3D-i is intended for use as software to
                          load, view and save DICOM images from      load, view and save DICOM images from
                     CT, panorama, cephalometric and intraoral    CT, panorama, cephalometric and intraoral
                      imaging equipment and to provide 3D        imaging equipment and to provide 3D
                           visualization, 2D analysis, in various MPR     visualization, 2D analysis, in various MPR
                         (Multi-Planar Reconstruction.) functions       (Multi-Planar Reconstruction.) functions
  Platform             IBM-compatible PC or PC network          IBM-compatible PC or PC network
  Operating System      Microsoft Window 10 or higher               Microsoft Window 10 or higher
  User Interface        Mouse, Keyboard                        Mouse, Keyboard
 Image Input Sources   Images can be scanned, loaded from digital    Images can be scanned, loaded from digital
                      cameras or card readers, or imported from a   cameras or card readers, or imported from a
                         radiographic imaging device                  radiographic imaging device
 32 bit / 64 bit         64 bit                                  64 bit
 Image format      DICOM                        DICOM
 Image Measurement   Length, Multi Length, Angle, Multi Angle,    Length, Multi Length, Angle, ROI/Area,
  Tools                   Circle, ROI/Area, Volume, Profile           Volume, Profile
 Image viewing          Full, side by side, gallery, thumbnail            Full, side by side, gallery, thumbnail
 Image manipulation    Grayscale, invert, emboss, brightness,         Grayscale, invert, emboss, brightness,
                            contrast, gamma, sharpen, median,              contrast, gamma, sharpen, median,
                         despeckle, hue, saturation, equalize, flip,       despeckle, hue, saturation, equalize, flip,
                          mirror, masking, rotate, magnify, annotation,   mirror, masking, rotate, magnify,
                        cephalometric tracing, ceph growth            annotation, cephalometric tracing, ceph
                           projections, implant simulations             growth projections, implant simulations
 3D imaging          Ez3D-i can view, transfer and process 3D     Ez3D-i can view, transfer and process 3D
  capability              radiographs. Furthermore, it supports Smart    radiographs. Furthermore, it supports Smart
                          Click, Smart Clipping, Implant Simulation     Click, Smart Clipping, Implant Simulation
                      and Canal Draw.                          and Canal Draw.
 Image annotation       Text, paint, ellipse, pointer, select, draw,       Text, paint, ellipse, pointer, select, draw,
                       magnify, line, rectangle, polygon, ruler,       magnify, line, rectangle, polygon, ruler,
                           protractor, smile library, smudge, brush,        protractor, smile library, smudge, brush,
                        redeye reduction, select region, copy / paste    redeye reduction, select region, copy / paste

    8.2. Substantial Equivalence Discussion

      Ez3D-i v5.5 described in this 510(k) has the same intended use and the same technical
        characteristics as the unmodified device (K211791, Ez3D-i /E3).


                                            Page 3 of 4

The subject device and the predicate devices are substantially equivalent, having the
      same indications for use and functionalities like operation software, computer platform,
        picture archiving and communication format, image format, image processing features,
      windowing, 3D image construction, image edit, measurements and manipulation.

      The modifications are changes in PC system requirement information, upgrades on Main
     Menu (size adjustment for 3D photo and reorientation function), Settings Dialog (server
       control panel button, DICOM tag customization, and acquisition information display
        option), Open function (search function, additional side panel, and Patient tab in the
       environment settings), MPR tab (Switch to Focus CT function), TMJ tab (Draw Curve
        function), and CONSULT tab and Report (inserting server images).

      These differences are not significant since they do not raise any new or potential safety
        risks to the user or patient and questions of safety or effectiveness. Based on the test
        results submitted in this 510K, we conclude that the subject device is substantially
       equivalent to the predicate devices.


9.  Technological Characteristics:

   Ez3D-i v5.5 is a software device that does not contact the patient, nor does it control any life
    sustaining devices. Results produced by the software’s diagnostic, treatment planning and
    simulation tools are dependent on the interpretation of trained and licensed radiologists,
    clinicians and referring physicians as an adjunctive to standard radiology practices for
    diagnosis.


10. Performance Data:

  SW verification/validation and the measurement accuracy test were conducted to establish
    the performance, functionality and reliability characteristics of the modified devices. The
   device passed all of the tests based on pre-determined Pass/Fail criteria.


11. Conclusion:

   The subject device is substantially equivalent in the areas of technical characteristics, general
   function, application, and indications for use. The new device does not introduce a
   fundamentally new scientific technology, and the device has been validated through system
    level test. Therefore, we conclude that the subject device described in this submission is
    substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                            Page 4 of 4