July 21, 2023

Apple Inc.
Bonnie Wu
Regulatory Affairs Lead
One Apple Park Way
Cupertino, California 95014


Re: K231173
    Trade/Device Name:  Irregular Rhythm Notification Feature (IRNF)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2790
    Regulation Name: Photoplethysmograph Analysis Software For Over-The-Counter Use
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QDB
    Dated: April 25, 2023
    Received: April 25, 2023

Dear Bonnie Wu:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

FDA's substantial equivalence determination also included the review and clearance of your Predetermined
Change Control Plan (PCCP). Under section 515C(b)(1) of the Act, a new premarket notification is not
required for a change to a device cleared under section 510(k) of the Act, if such change is consistent with an


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K231173 - Bonnie Wu                                                                 Page 2


established PCCP granted pursuant to section 515C(b)(2) of the Act. Under 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3), a new
premarket notification is required if there is a major change or modification in the intended use of a device,
or if there is a change or modification in a device that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of
the device, e.g., a significant change or modification in design, material, chemical composition, energy
source, or manufacturing process. Accordingly, if deviations from the established PCCP result in a major
change or modification in the intended use of the device, or result in a change or modification in the device
that could significantly affect the safety or effectiveness of the device, then a new premarket notification
would be required consistent with section 515C(b)(1) of the Act and 21 CFR 807.81(a)(3). Failure to submit
such a premarket submission would constitute adulteration and misbranding under sections 501(f)(1)(B) and
502(o) of the Act, respectively. Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket
notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to
Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR 820),
which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K231173 - Bonnie Wu                                                                 Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                                Jennifer W. Shih -S
                                                Jennifer Shih Kozen
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                 Diagnostics and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
 K231173

Device Name
Irregular Rhythm Notification Feature (IRNF)


Indications for Use (Describe)
The IRNF is a software-only mobile medical application that is intended to be used with the Apple Watch. The feature
analyzes pulse rate data to identify episodes of irregular heart rhythms suggestive of atrial fibrillation (AFib) and provides
a notification to the user. The feature is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) use. It is not intended to provide a
notification on every episode of irregular rhythm suggestive of AFib and the absence of a notification is not intended to
indicate no disease process is present; rather the feature is intended to opportunistically surface a notification of possible
AFib when sufficient data are available for analysis. These data are only captured when the user is still. Along with the
user’s risk factors the feature can be used to supplement the decision for AFib screening. The feature is not intended to
replace traditional methods of diagnosis or treatment.
The feature has not been tested for and is not intended for use in people under 22 years of age. It is also not intended for
use in individuals previously diagnosed with AFib.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

 Apple Inc.                                                                         IRNF 2.0 - K231173


                                   510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with the
requirements of 21 CFR §807.92:

5.1 Submitter


                              Apple Inc.
 Applicant                 One Apple Park Way
                                 Cupertino, CA 95014

                              Bonnie Wu
                                Regulatory Affairs
 Primary Correspondent
                              Phone: (408) 974-0617
                                   Email: bonnie_h_wu@apple.com

                             Luke Olson
                                Regulatory Affairs
 Secondary Correspondent
                              Phone: (408) 609-2001
                                   Email: luke_olson@apple.com

 Date Prepared               June 23, 2023


5.2 Device Names and Classifications

Subject Device:

 Name of Device        IRNF 2.0

                       Photoplethysmograph Analysis Software For Over-The-Counter Use, 21 CFR
 Classification Name
                      870.2790

 Regulatory Class        Class II

 Product Code        QDB

 510(k) Review Pannel    Cardiovascular

Predicate Device:
 Predicate
                       Apple Inc.
 Manufacturer

 Predicate Trade Name  IRNF 2.0

 Predicate 510(k)       K212516


                          One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014                       Page 1 of 4

 Apple Inc.                                                                         IRNF 2.0 - K231173


5.3 Device Description

IRNF 2.0 is comprised of a pair of mobile medical apps - One on Apple Watch and the other on
the iPhone.

IRNF 2.0 is intended to analyze pulse rate data collected by the Apple Watch PPG sensor on Apple
Watch Series 3-8, Series SE, and Apple Watch Ultra to identify episodes of irregular heart rhythms
consistent with AFib and provides a notification to the user. It is a background screening tool and
there is no way for a user to initiate analysis of pulse rate data. IRNF 2.0 iPhone App is part of the
Health App, which allows users to store, manage, and share health and fitness data, and comes
pre-installed on every iPhone.

IRNF 2.0 Watch App refers to the tachogram classification algorithm, confirmation cycle algorithm,
and the AF notification generation. If an irregular heart rhythm consistent with AFib is identified,
IRNF 2.0 Watch App will transfer the AFib notification to IRNF 2.0 iPhone App through HealthKit
sync. In addition to indicating the finding of signs of AFib, the notification will encourage the user
to seek medical care.

IRNF 2.0 iPhone App contains the on-boarding and educational materials that a user must review
prior to enabling AFib notifications. IRNF 2.0 iPhone App is designed to work in combination with
IRNF 2.0 Watch App and will display a history of all prior AFib notifications. The user is also able to
view a list of times when each of the irregular tachograms contributing to the notification was
generated.


5.4 Indications for Use

The IRNF is a software-only mobile medical application that is intended to be used with the Apple
Watch. The feature analyzes pulse rate data to identify episodes of irregular heart rhythms
suggestive of atrial fibrillation (AFib) and provides a notification to the user. The feature is
intended for over-the-counter (OTC) use. It is not intended to provide a notification on every
episode of irregular rhythm suggestive of AFib and the absence of a notification is not intended to
indicate no disease process is present; rather the feature is intended to opportunistically surface a
notification of possible AFib when sufficient data are available for analysis. These data are only
captured when the user is still. Along with the user’s risk factors the feature can be used to
supplement the decision for AFib screening. The feature is not intended to replace traditional
methods of diagnosis or treatment.

The feature has not been tested for and is not intended for use in people under 22 years of age. It
is also not intended for use in individuals previously diagnosed with AFib.


5.5 Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device

The subject device is identical to the predicate device, having the same intended use, indications
for use, and principles of operation as its predicate device. The technological characteristics of
the subject device are identical to the predicate device, other than the implementation of a
Predetermined Change Control Plan (PCCP) that specifies anticipated modifications to the IRNF


                          One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014                       Page 2 of 4

 Apple Inc.                                                                         IRNF 2.0 - K231173


2.0 software and the methods that will be utilized to implement those modifications in a controlled
manner such that the device is as safe and as effective as the predicate.

The PCCP includes a specific list of software modifications defining the region of potential
changes that can be made to the algorithms in the device. The detailed description of the
changes, associated requirements and test methods are summarized in the table below.

The PCCP includes an algorithm modification protocol describing the verification and validation
activities that will support the proposed changes. The modification protocol incorporates impact
assessment considerations and specifies requirements for data management, including data
sources, collection, storage, and sequestration, as well as documentation and data re-use
practices.

Specific test methods are specified in the PCCP to establish substantial equivalence relative to
IRNF 2.0, and include sample size determination, analysis methods, and acceptance criteria. To
help ensure validation test datasets are representative of the intended use population, each will
meet minimum demographic requirements for age, sex, race, and skin tone derived from the
demographics of the United States.


                       Detailed List of
                                               Requirements               Test Method
                     Changes

                    Adjust the numerical     •  No change to sensor input
                    threshold at which a          signal type
                 tachogram is classified   •  No change to output type        Substantial
                  as AF (operating point).  •  No change to confirmation       equivalence in
 Modifications to
                                                cycle algorithm                     sensitivity and
   Tachogram                   While maintaining the    •  No change to intended use of     specificity when
   Classification               same algorithm             device                     compared to the
    Algorithm                     architecture and         •  Can be fully verified/validated    performance of IRNF
                number of parameters,      by requirements of the           2.0
                       retrain algorithm with        Modification Protocol and
                     additional datasets           applicable Test Method

                    Modification to the
                number of sequential    •  No change to input of
                 tachograms that must       confirmation cycle algorithm
                be classified as          •  No change to output type
                       irregular in a given time  •  No change to tachogram         Substantial
 Modifications to  period to surface a            classification algorithm          equivalence in
   Confirmation    notification              •  No change to intended use of     positive predictive
 Cycle Algorithm                             device                          value relative to IRNF
                                             •  Can be fully verified/validated    2.0
                                          by requirements of the                    Modification to the time
                                                 Modification Protocol and                   period of confirmation
                                                 applicable Test Method                    cycle


In accordance with the PCCP, all algorithm modifications will be trained, tuned, and locked prior to
release of the software to the field. The PCCP does not include provisions for implementation of
adaptive algorithms that will continuously learn in the field. A procedure for Instructions for Use


                          One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014                       Page 3 of 4

 Apple Inc.                                                                         IRNF 2.0 - K231173


updates has been established in order to inform users about algorithm changes implemented
under this FDA authorized PCCP, including a summary of the changes and a characterization of
algorithm performance, as well as the availability and compatibility of the feature. Apple will
publish updated Instructions for Use on its website, and make them accessible within the Health
App.


5.6 Conclusion

The subject device, IRNF 2.0, has the same intended use, indications for use, and principles of
operation as its predicate device. The technological characteristics are identical with the
exception of the implementation of a PCCP, and this difference does not raise new questions of
safety and effectiveness. Thus, the subject device is substantially equivalent.


                          One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, CA 95014                       Page 4 of 4