July 26, 2023

Edwards Lifesciences, LLC
Michelle Ducca
Manager, Regulatory Affairs
1 Edwards Way
Irvine, California 92614


Re: K231038
    Trade/Device Name: Global Hypoperfusion Index (GHI) Algorithm
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2210
    Regulation Name: Adjunctive predictive cardiovascular indicator
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QNL
    Dated: June 14, 2023
    Received: June 15, 2023

Dear Michelle Ducca:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K231038 - Michelle Ducca                                                            Page 2


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                        forRobertLCDR StephenT.BrowningKazmierski -S
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                 Diagnostics, and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
510(k) Number (if known)
K231038
Device Name
Global Hypoperfusion Index (GHI)
Indications for Use (Describe)
The Global Hypoperfusion Index (GHI) algorithm provides the clinician with physiological insight into a patient's
likelihood of future hemodynamic instability. The GHI algorithm provides the risk of a global hypoperfusion event
(defined as SvO2 < 60% for at least 1 minute) occurring in the next 10-15 minutes.
The GHI algorithm is intended for use in surgical or non-surgical patients receiving advanced hemodynamic monitoring
with the Swan-Ganz catheter.
The GHI algorithm is considered to provide additional information regarding the patient's predicted future risk for clinical
deterioration, as well as identifying patients at low risk for deterioration. The product predictions are for reference only
and no therapeutic decisions should be made based solely on the GHI algorithm predictions.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Xl Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) LJ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 1 of 1 PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

K231038

510(k) Summary – HemoSphere Advanced Monitoring Platform

Sponsor:       Edwards Lifesciences LLC
             One Edwards Way
                   Irvine, CA 92614

Establishment  2015691
Registration
Number:

Contact         Michelle Ducca
Person:        Manager, Regulatory Affairs
             One Edwards Way
                   Irvine, CA 92614
               michelle_ducca@edwards.com
                Telephone: (949) 250-4113

Date:            April 10, 2023

Device/Trade   Global Hypoperfusion Index Feature (subject)
Name:

Common      Medium-term adjunctive predictive cardiovascular indicator
Name:

Classification   Medium-term adjunctive predictive cardiovascular       21 CFR 870.2210
Name:           indicator

Product Code  QNL, Class II
and
Regulatory
Class:

Primary       HemoSphere Advanced Monitoring Platform, manufactured by Edwards
Predicate:       Lifesciences, K203687 cleared May 28, 2021, is being utilized for substantial
                 equivalence to the Acumen Hypotension Prediction Index (HPI) software
                  feature which has the same intended use and similar indications for use and
                  the same principle of operation as the HPI feature. The subject device has
                  similar technological characteristics and has been demonstrated to be safe and
                   effective and does not raise different questions of safety and effectiveness
               from the primary predicate.

Additional    CLEWICU System (K200717, cleared January 9, 2021) manufactured by
Predicates:   CLEW Medical Ltd., is being utilized for substantial equivalence to the Global
                Hypoperfusion Index (GHI) feature, which includes similar principles of


                                                                       Page 1 of 4

K231038

                 operation and indications for use related to the patient’s predicted future risk
                   for clinical deterioration.

Device        The Global Hypoperfusion Index (GHI) parameter provides the clinician with
Description:     physiological insight into a patient’s likelihood of a global hypoperfusion
                 event on average 10-15 minutes before mixed venous oxygen saturation
               (SvO2) reaches 60%. The GHI feature is intended for use in surgical or nonsurgical patients. The product predictions are adjunctive for reference only
               and no therapeutic decisions should be made based solely on the GHI
                 parameter.

Indications     Global Hypoperfusion Index (GHI) Software Feature
for Use:       The Global Hypoperfusion Index (GHI) algorithm provides the clinician
                with physiological insight into a patient's likelihood of future hemodynamic
                    instability. The GHI algorithm provides the risk of a global hypoperfusion
                 event (defined as SvO2 ≤ 60% for at least 1 minute) occurring in the next
                10-15 minutes.

              The GHI algorithm is intended for use in surgical or non-surgical patients
                  receiving advanced hemodynamic monitoring with the Swan-Ganz catheter.

              The GHI algorithm is considered to provide additional information regarding
                  the patient's predicted future risk for clinical deterioration, as well as
                  identifying patients at low risk for deterioration. The product predictions are
                   for reference only and no therapeutic decisions should be made based solely
               on the GHI algorithm predictions.

Intended Use:  The Global Hypoperfusion Index (GHI) software feature used on a compatible
                monitoring platform is intended to be used by qualified personnel or trained
                   clinicians in a critical care environment in a hospital setting.

                                                                       Patient         Hospital Environment                      Parameter          Description                                                                 Population
                  GHI            Global Hypoperfusion                              Surgical and non-                                                                   Adult only                                       Index                                                      surgical


Comparison    The HemoSphere Advanced Monitoring Platform, manufactured by Edwards
to Predicate     Lifesciences, with Acumen Hypotension Prediction Index, K203687 cleared
Device:       May 28, 2021 for Edwards technology and CLEWICU System, K200717
                  cleared January 9, 2021 are chosen as predicates since both are predictive
                 algorithms  for hemodynamic  instability/  deterioration  with  the same
                  indications  for  use/intended  use,  principle  of  operation  and  similar
                  technological characteristics as the subject GHI algorithm.

              The Global Hypoperfusion Index (GHI) algorithm provides an index from 0
                   to 100 where the higher the value, the increased likelihood that a global


                                                                       Page 2 of 4

K231038

                hypoperfusion event will occur. The GHI algorithm alerts the clinician on
                average 10-15 minutes before mixed venous oxygen saturation (SvO2)
                 reaches 60%. The subject device has the same intended use as the primary
                  predicate (HPI) to be used by qualified personnel or trained clinicians in the
                     critical care setting. The subject and primary predicate (HPI) and additional
                  predicate (CLEWICU) are all intended for use in adult patients and provide
                  physiological insight into future likelihood of hemodynamic instability. Both
                  the subject GHI and additional predicate (CLEWICU) provide the user with a
                  predicted future risk for clinical deterioration.

                Performance testing executed shows that there are no new concerns of safety
               and effectiveness.

              The purpose of this Traditional 510(k) is to obtain clearance for the Global
                Hypoperfusion Index (GHI) algorithm.

              Comparison of Technological Characteristics with Predicates:

              The subject, Primary and Additional predicate devices are based on the
                 following same technological elements:

                      Predictive algorithm using a machine-learning model
                     Calculation of the risk and likelihood of a future clinically significant
                    hemodynamic cardiovascular event
                     Device inputs use real-time patient health data for analysis to
                        generate prediction
                      Alert the physician when the patient’s risk has reached a predefined
                          threshold. Both devices provide predictions in a timeframe that
                        permits appropriate clinical review and action

Performance   The  following  verification  activities were performed  in  support  of  a
Data:            substantial equivalence determination for the modifications being made as
                   part of this submission.

               Algorithm Verification
                Algorithm performance was tested using clinical data. Algorithm verification
              was performed per FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, Guidance
                   for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical
                Devices (issued May 11, 2005) and ANSI/AAMI/IEC 62304:2006/A1:2016,
                Medical Device Software – Software Life Cycle Processes and FDA Guidance
                General Principles of Software Validation (issued January 11, 2022). The
                 algorithm was tested at the algorithm level to ensure the safety of the device.
                 All tests passed.


                                                                       Page 3 of 4

K231038

            No clinical trial was performed in support of the subject 510(k). However,
                   patient waveforms were  collected  in support  of  the development and
                  validation of the GHI algorithm.

                 Clinical Performance
                 Prospective analyses of retrospective clinical data from multiple independent
                   datasets, comprised of data from a diverse set of patients over the age of 18
                 years  undergoing  surgical  procedures  with  invasive  monitoring, were
                analyzed to verify the safety and performance of the subject device.

Conclusions    Overall Conclusion:
              The subject Global Hypoperfusion Index (GHI) algorithm has successfully
                passed functional and performance testing, including software and algorithm
                   verification and validation and bench studies. Completion of all performance
                   verification and validation activities demonstrated that the subject device
                meets the predetermined design and performance specifications. Verification
                    activities performed confirmed that the differences in the features did not
                 adversely affect the safety and effectiveness of the subject device. The testing
                performed demonstrates  that the Global Hypoperfusion Index (GHI)  is
                   substantially equivalent to its legally marketed predicates.


                                                                       Page 4 of 4