Annalise-AI Pty Ltd.
℅ Haylee Bosshard
Regulatory Affairs Manager
Level P, 24 Campbell St.
Sydney, New South Wales 2000
AUSTRALIA                                                               September 22, 2023
Re: K231384
    Trade/Device Name: Annalise Enterprise CTB Triage Trauma
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: August 30, 2023
    Received: August 30, 2023

Dear Haylee Bosshard:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K231384 - Haylee Bosshard                                                            Page 2


devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                            Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                        See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

51 O(k) Number (if known)
 K231384
Device Name
 Annalise Enterprise CTB Triage Trauma


Indications for Use (Describe)
Intended context:
Annalise Enterprise is a device designed to be used in the medical care environment to aid in triage and prioritization of
studies with features suggestive of the following finding:
• mass effect

The device analyzes studies using an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify the finding. It makes study-level output
available to an order and imaging management system for worklist prioritization or triage.

The device is not intended to direct attention to specific portions of an image and only provides notification for the
suspected finding.

Its results are not intended:
• to be used on a standalone basis for clinical decision making
• to rule out a specific finding, or otherwise preclude clinical assessment of CTB studies

Intended modality:
Annalise Enterprise identifies the suspected finding in non-contrast brain CT studies.

Intended user:
The device is intended to be used by trained clinicians who, as part of their scope of practice, are qualified to interpret
brain CT studies.

Intended patient population:
The intended population is patients who are 22 years or older.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                lZ] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.


FORM FDA 3881 (6120)                            Page 1 of 2                                                   PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”
FORM FDA 3881 (6/20) Page 2 of 2

K231384 510(k) Summary

I.  SUBMITTER

 Company Name      Annalise-AI Pty Ltd
 Address              Level P, 24 Campbell Street
                     Sydney, NSW 2000
                        Australia
 Phone Number       +61 1800-958487
 Contact Person       Haylee Bosshard
 Date Prepared        September 21, 2023

II.  SUBJECT DEVICE

 Manufacturer Name   Annalise-AI Pty Ltd
 Device Name         Annalise Enterprise CTB Triage Trauma
 Classification Name   Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
                    (21CFR892.2080)
 Regulatory Class        II
 Product Code      QAS

III. PREDICATE DEVICE

 Manufacturer Name   Nines, Inc.
 Device Name        NinesAI
 510(k) reference     K193351
 Classification Name   Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
                    (21CFR892.2080)
 Regulatory Class        II
 Product Code      QAS

This predicate has not been subject to a design-related recall. No reference devices were used in this
submission.


                                                                                               Page 1

IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Annalise Enterprise CTB Triage Trauma  is a software workflow tool which uses an  artificial
intelligence (AI) algorithm to identify suspected findings on non-contrast brain CT studies in the
medical care environment. The findings identified by the device include mass effect.

Radiological findings are identified by the device using an AI algorithm – a convolutional neural
network trained using deep-learning techniques. Images used to train the algorithm were sourced from
datasets that included a range of equipment manufacturers and models. The performance of the
device’s AI algorithm was validated in a standalone performance evaluation, in which the case-level
output from the device was compared with a reference standard (‘ground truth’). This was determined
by two ground truthers, with a third truther used in the event of disagreement. All truthers were US
board-certified neuroradiologists.

The device interfaces with image and order management systems (such as PACS/RIS) to obtain noncontrast brain CT  studies for processing by the AI algorithm. Following processing, if any of the
radiological findings of interest are identified in a non-contrast brain CT study, the device provides a
notification to the image and order management system for prioritization of that study in the worklist.
This enables users to review the studies containing features suggestive of these radiological findings
earlier than in the standard clinical workflow. It is important to note that the device will never decrease
a study’s existing priority in the worklist. This ensures that worklist items will never have their
priorities downgraded based on AI results.

The device workflow is performed parallel to and in conjunction with the standard clinical workflow
for interpretation of non-contrast brain CTs. The device is intended to aid in prioritization and triage
of radiological medical images only.


                                                                                               Page 2

V.  INDICATIONS FOR USE

The Indications for Use statement is as follows:

 Intended context      Annalise Enterprise is a device designed to be used in the medical care
                      environment to aid in triage and prioritization of studies with features
                        suggestive of the following finding:

                      •  mass effect


                    The device analyzes studies using an artificial intelligence algorithm to
                          identify the finding. It makes study-level output available to an order
                    and imaging management system for worklist prioritization or triage.

                    The device is not intended to direct attention to specific portions of an
                    image and only provides notification for the suspected finding.

                              Its results are not intended:

                      •   to be used on a standalone basis for clinical decision making
                      •   to  rule  out  specific  findings,  or  otherwise  preclude  clinical
                          assessment of CTB studies


 Intended modality     Annalise Enterprise identifies suspected findings in non-contrast brain
                CT studies.

 Intended user        The device is intended to be used by trained clinicians who, as part of
                          their scope of practice, are qualified to interpret brain CT studies.

 Intended patient     The intended population is patients who are 22 years or older .
 population


The Indications for Use statement of the subject device differs to the predicate device only in the
clinical conditions of interest, however a standalone performance evaluation was conducted and
demonstrated that the device is as safe and effective for its intended use. Both the subject and predicate
device are intended for use to assist with worklist triage by providing notifications of suspected
findings and their associated priority.


                                                                                               Page 3

VI. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS
WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICE

The subject device was evaluated and compared to the predicate device with respect to the following
characteristics:

    1.  Indications for Use
    2.  Anatomical site and modality
    3.  Intended user and clinical use environment
    4.  Technical method for notification and prioritization
    5.  Device input and radiological image protocol
    6.  System components
    7.  Location where results are received
    8.  Prioritization relationship to standard of care workflow


The following characteristics showed a difference between the subject and predicate devices. The
different characteristics include:

    1.  Set of findings and algorithm
    2.  Device output and means of notification to user

The first difference between the subject and predicate device is the set of findings that the subject
device identifies and the underlying artificial intelligence algorithm. This difference does not raise
new questions of safety and effectiveness.

The second difference between the subject and predicate device is the output and means of notification.
While both devices provide preview images for non-diagnostic viewing, the subject device injects back
into a worklist whereas the predicate provides a notification to the workstation. Furthermore, the
subject adds a priority, whereas the predicate identifies them for review. However, these differences
do not raise new questions of safety and effectiveness.

The performance of the subject device was addressed in standalone performance and triage
effectiveness evaluations and showed that the subject device is as safe and effective for its intended
use as the predicate device.


                                                                                               Page 4

VII. PERFORMANCE DATA

The following performance data have been provided to support evaluation of substantial equivalence.

      A.    Software Verification and Validation Testing

Software verification and validation testing was conducted, and documentation was provided as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”, May 11, 2005.

       B.    Performance Testing

Performance of the subject device was assessed in four performance studies to satisfy requirements set
forth in the special controls per 21CFR892.2080. These included standalone performance and triage
effectiveness evaluations.

Standalone performance was assessed via a retrospective, anonymized study of adult patient, DICOMcompliant non-contrast brain CT cases. The test dataset used during the standalone performance
evaluation was newly acquired and independent from the training dataset used in model development.
The standalone performance study was conducted on an independent cohort which equated to a total
dataset of 626 cases for slice thickness ≤1.5mm (positive n=493 and negative n=133) and 762 cases
for slice thickness >1.5mm & ≤5.0mm (positive n=594 and negative n=168), collected consecutively
from five US hospital network sites. The cohort included representation across subgroups for patient
demographics (gender, age, ethnicity, race), technical parameters (imaging equipment make, model)
and co-existing findings or abnormalities.

To determine the ground truth, each deidentified case was annotated in a blinded fashion by at least
two  ABR-certified  and  protocol-trained  neuroradiologists  (ground  truthers),  with  consensus
determined by two ground truthers and a third ground truther in the event of disagreement. The key
results of the study are summarized in the table below.

                                                                                     Sensitivity % (Se)          Specificity % (Sp)
  Finding                       Slice Thickness Range    Operating Point
                                                             (95% CI)             (95% CI)
                                                    0.160195            97.0 (95.3,98.4)           88.7 (83.5,94.0)  Mass Effect              ≤1.5mm
                                                    0.221484            96.6 (94.9,98.2)           89.5 (84.2,94.0)
                                                    0.120944            96.8 (95.3,98.1)           89.3 (84.5,93.5)
                        >1.5mm & ≤5.0mm
                                                    0.160195            95.3 (93.6,97.0)           92.9 (88.7,96.4)

The results demonstrate the subject device establishes effective triage within a clinician’s queue based
on high sensitivity and specificity. Further, these results are substantially equivalent to those of the
predicate device.

Triage effectiveness (turn-around time) was assessed by an internal bench study using a dataset of
n=277 cases positive for any of the findings eligible for prioritization. These cases were collected from
multiple data sources spanning a variety of geographical locations, patient demographics and technical
characteristics. The results demonstrated a triage turn-around time of 81.6 (95%CI: 80.3 – 82.9)


                                                                                               Page 5

seconds, which is substantially equivalent to the total performance time published for the predicate
device.

Therefore,  the  subject device has been shown  to  satisfy  the performance requirements  per
21CFR892.2080, for  ‘Radiological computer aided triage and notification software’, by providing
clinically effective  triage for non-contrast brain CT studies containing features suggestive of
radiological findings of interest. This data demonstrates the subject device is as safe and effective for
its intended use as the predicate device, and thereby supports substantial equivalence.

VIII. CONCLUSIONS

The subject device and the predicate device are both software only packages, devices intended to
assist with worklist triage by providing notification of findings. The subject and predicate devices
utilize the same principles of operation and work in parallel to the current standard of care workflow.

Both the subject and predicate devices use an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify findings in
images and require the same inputs (DICOM image data) and provide the same outputs (prioritization
for a medical worklist).

The technological differences between the subject and predicate devices do not raise new questions of
safety and effectiveness.

Standalone performance testing and the comparison of technological characteristics with the predicate
device shows that the subject device:

    •  performs as intended,
    •   is as safe and effective for its intended use as the predicate device, and
    •   is therefore substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


                                                                                               Page 6