March 11, 2024


Ortoma AB
℅ John Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells, LLC
Columbia Square, 555 Thirteenth Street, NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20004


Re: K232140
    Trade/Device Name: OTS Hip
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.4560
    Regulation Name: Stereotaxic Instrument
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: OLO
    Dated: February 9, 2024
    Received: February 9, 2024

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K232140 - John Smith                                                                Page 2


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                Tejen D. Soni -S
                                          For
                                     Shumaya Ali, M.P.H.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT6C: Division of Restorative, Repair

K232140 - John Smith Page 3
and Trauma Devices
OHTO®: Office of Orthopedic Devices
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                  Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                   Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                            See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K232140
Device Name
OTS Hip


Indications for Use (Describe)
OTS Hip is indicated to enable planning of orthopedic surgical procedures based on CT medical imaging data of the
patient anatomy.  It is an intraoperative image-guided localization system that enables navigated surgery.  It links a
freehand probe, tracked by a passive marker sensor system, to virtual computer image space on a patient's preoperative
image data being processed by the OTS platform.

The system is indicated for orthopedic hip surgical procedures where a reference to a rigid anatomical structure, such as
the pelvis, can be identified relative to a CT-based model of the anatomy. The system aids the surgeon to accurately
navigate a compatible prosthesis to the preoperatively planned position.

The system is designed for orthopedic surgical procedures including:
    - Pre-operative planning of Total Hip Arthroplasty (THA)
    - Intraoperative navigated surgery for THA using a posterior approach


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
      X Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       [I Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                       This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information  is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                        Department of Health and Human Services
                                      Food and Drug Administration
                                                Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                              Page  1 of 1                                                       PSC Publihing Services (301) 443-6740    EF
                                                                                                     059

Traditional 510(k) Submission


                                      510(k) SUMMARY - K232140
                                   Ortoma AB OTS Hip

Submitter
Ortoma AB

Falkenbergsgatan 3

412 85 Göteborg

Sweden

Phone: +46 73 81 03 660

Contact Person:       John Smith
                  Hogan Lovells, LLC
                    Columbia Square, 555 Thirteenth Street, NW
                        D.C., 20004
                   +1 202 367 3638
                      john.smith@hoganlovells.com


Date Prepared: March 11, 2024


Name of Device: OTS Hip
Common or Usual Name: Stereotaxic Instrument

Classification Name: 21 CFR Section 882.4560, Stereotaxic Instrument
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: OLO
Predicate Devices
Ortoma AB, Ortoma Treatment Solution system (K181449)


                                                                           Page 1 of 11.

Traditional 510(k) Submission


Device Description

OTS Hip is a system to support a surgeon with preoperative planning and intraoperative guidance during
orthopedic hip joint replacement surgery.

OTS Hip is comprised of software systems and hardware components that work together to form a
stereotaxic system. The system uses medical imaging data in DICOM format that is loaded into the
system for access in the software that are part of the system.

OTS Hip software consists of OTS Hip Plan (OHP), which is a 3D preoperative planning software, and
OTS Hip Guide (OHG) that provides intraoperative real-time navigation for the guidance of surgical tools
and prosthetic components in relation to the preoperatively determined goal positions.

OHP is a software for preoperative planning prior to a THA (Total Hip Arthroplasty) surgery. OHP
enables the orthopedic surgeon to prepare surgery by analyzing the patient anatomy in a 3D
environment based on medical imaging data.

OHG imports the result from the preceding planning stage, a released plan, with the 3D model and
planned data, from the database of the OTS system. In addition, OHG monitors the real-time information
of the position of instruments and prosthetic components in a 3D environment by means of medical
imaging data.

The components of the OHG device include a camera and computer stand with an electrical system to
which a camera and a medical panel PC are attached, a footswitch, a keyboard, Tracers (passive
markers), adapters that hold the Tracers and can be mounted to compatible surgical instruments and that
are used for calibration, and tools and instruments that are used during surgery.

The OTS is compatible with the following Depuy Synthes components:

     -  PINN GB OFFSET GRATER HANDLE, DePuy Synthes 255000100
     -  Emphasys offset reamer, DePuy Synthes 4811-00-510
     -   Greatbatch Offset Cup Impactor, DePuy Synthes 255000115
     -   Pinnacle straight impactor, DePuy Synthes 221750041
     -  Emphasys straight impactor, DePuy Synthes 4812-00-150

Intended Use / Indications for Use

OTS Hip is indicated to enable planning of orthopedic surgical procedures based on CT medical
imaging data of the patient anatomy. It is an intraoperative image-guided localization system that
enables navigated surgery. It links a freehand probe, tracked by a passive marker sensor system, to
virtual computer image space on a patient's preoperative image data being processed by the OTS
platform.

The system is indicated for orthopedic hip surgical procedures where a reference to a rigid anatomical
structure, such as the pelvis, can be identified relative to a CT-based model of the anatomy. The
system aids the surgeon to accurately navigate a compatible prosthesis to the preoperatively planned
position.

The system is designed for orthopedic surgical procedures including:
                                                              K232140, Page 2 of 11.

Traditional 510(k) Submission


   •   Pre-operative planning of Total Hip Arthroplasty (THA)

   •   Intraoperative navigated surgery for THA using a posterior approach.

Additional Considerations for Use

The device should not be used for patients with implants in the treatment side.

Summary of Technological Characteristics

Both the predicate device and the subject device enable pre-operative planning and navigation of
prosthetic components. OTS Hip is comprised of software systems and hardware components that work
together to form a stereotaxic system.

Like the predicate device, the subject device includes software for pre-operative planning of orthopedic
prosthetic components, OTS Hip Plan (OHP). The predicate device and the subject device have the
same workflow for anatomical landmarks, and planning of implant size and positions. In the subject
device functionality is changed to detect landmarks and perform segmentation using fixed/static machine
learning (ML) algorithms, and to generate a 3D model based on the segmentation.

Like the predicate device, the subject device enables intraoperative image-guided navigated surgery
using the OHG software and hardware components. The subject device and the predicate device include
hardware components and a software for real-time navigation of surgical instruments and implants
relative to the patient. A disposable tracking array called Tracer in the subject device replaces the
combination of Marker and Marker Reflector Disc in the predicate device. The software included in OHG
of the subject device and the predicate device is workflow based, where the user is guided to perform
various steps in the workflow.

The subject device includes a new version of the computer and camera stand with electrical components.
A computer has been added to the subject device the camera of the system has been changed to a
camera from a new supplier. The underlying technology with infra-red tracking of passive markers
remains the same as in the predicate device. In the subject device, a new version of the passive
markers, called Tracers, has replaced the passive markers in the predicate device.

Components that are used in surgery include adapters, which are used to hold the passive markers. The
adapters have the same function, to hold the passive marker relative to a compatible instrument, in the
predicate device and the subject device. In the subject device, new adapters have been added with a
revised design to hold the Tracer and to fit to compatible instruments that are supported by the subject
device. Components, OTS Instruments that includes screws and drivers, have been added in the subject
device, replacing components from external suppliers.

The OTS Hip has the equivalent indications for use and similar design features as compared with the
predicate system.


                                                              K232140, Page 3 of 11.

Traditional 510(k) Submission


The performance testing demonstrates that the performance characteristics of the OTS Hip are
equivalent to those of the predicate device, and therefore supports a determination of Substantial
Equivalence for the proposed indications for use.

Any differences between the subject and predicate device would not render the device NSE, affect the
safety or effectiveness, or raise different questions of safety and effectiveness.

Performance Testing

The following performance testing has been completed for the subject device, in support of the
substantial equivalence decision:

Quantitative System Level Validation

Quantitative system level validation testing was performed using real-life data from surgeries under
clinical conditions enabling validation of system level accuracy and specific functionality within the
system.

The results demonstrated that the inclination and anteversion, and the mean deviation for position error
were acceptable for stereotactic systems.

Leg length measurements were evaluated for residual Leg Length Inequality (LLI) and was found to be
within clinically acceptable values and would not affect the safety or effectiveness, or raise different
questions of safety and effectiveness.

Electrical Safety and Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC) Testing

Electrical safety and EMC testing demonstrates conformance to IEC 60601-1:2005 (3rd Ed) and IEC
60601-1-2:2014 (4th Ed).

Machine Learning Algorithm Validation

Validation testing demonstrated the accuracy of Machine Learning (ML) algorithms for segmentation and
landmark identification.

The results of segmentation and landmark ML algorithms were compared with the manually annotated
“ground truth” segmentations and landmarks of the test dataset. Appropriately qualified clinical experts
established the ground truth. Using objective criteria, cases were evaluated by blinded annotators. Cases
were then separated into training and testing datasets in an unbiased fashion. Cases assigned to the test
dataset were then validated by a third reviewer who evaluated the initial annotation.

For the segmentation validation, two clinically complex cases that would be difficult for clinicians to
manually interpret did not pass the acceptance criteria. However, the ML-models overall met the
acceptance criteria.


                                                              K232140, Page 4 of 11.

Traditional 510(k) Submission


The test datasets consisted of 90 datasets from both US and OUS data which were representative of the
US population in terms of gender, age, and ethnicity and included images from multiple CT equipment
manufacturers.

The dataset consisted of patients from the US (45.6%), Japan (33.3%), and the European Union
(21.1%). Notably, the data from Japan included a high percentage of dysplastic hips with accompanying
marked degenerative change.

The OUS dataset was unblinded.

For the OUS datasets, independent datasets were used between training and testing, though the two
datasets were collected from the same site.

Subgroup analyses were conducted based on data variables such as scanner manufacture, slice
thickens and imaging parameters. The test datasets were independent from the training dataset, where
none of the datasets used for training was used for testing.

Design Verification

The following design verification activities have been performed to ensure the correct functionality of the
system as it has been specified. Tests were successfully completed.


    •   Verifying the accuracy performance of the localization and tracking technology using the
       standardized test procedure according to ASTM Standard F2554-18.

    •   Functional testing to ensure that all functional requirements are fulfilled.

    •   Safety testing verifying the effectiveness of all risk controls determined in the device risk analysis.

    •   Risk assessment was performed per ISO 14971:2019 Medical devices – Application or Risk
      Management to medical devices.

    •  A detailed verification was performed covering the detailed functionality of the software (e.g.,
        calculations of measurements from CT scans).

Non-clinical tests were performed to confirm the system targets. Specific OR setups and surgical
procedures were simulated in laboratory environments and cadaver labs.

Substantial Equivalence Comparison

   Characteristic   OTS Hip – Subject Device     Ortoma Treatment         Equivalence
                                                  Solution – Predicate                                                                  Assessment                                                    Device
 510(k) Number    K232140                 K181449                 N/A
                                                              K232140, Page 5 of 11.

Traditional 510(k) Submission


Manufacturer     Ortoma AB             Same                    N/A
Regulation       21 CFR 882.4560          21 CFR 882.4560              Identical
Product Code    OLO                OLO                            Identical
Intended Use     To enable planning of       To enable planning of          Identical
                   orthopedic surgical           orthopedic surgical
                                             procedures and enable                  procedures and enable
                                                    intraoperative image-                     intraoperative image-                                              guided surgery.
                  guided surgery.

Indications for   OTS Hip is indicated to      The Ortoma Treatment       Equivalent
Use               enable planning of            Solution system is intended   Revised indications
                   orthopedic surgical             to be an intraoperative       do not affect the
                  procedures based on CT     image-guided localization     device’s diagnostic
                   medical imaging data of the   system to enable navigated   or therapeutic
                     patient anatomy. It is an       surgery. It links a freehand     effects.
                     intraoperative image-         probe, tracked by a passive
                  guided localization system    marker sensor system, to
                      that enables navigated         virtual computer image
                    surgery. It links a freehand   space either on a patient's
                   probe, tracked by a passive   preoperative image data
                  marker sensor system, to     being processed by OTS
                        virtual computer image        platform, or on an individual
                 space on a patient's         3D-model of the patient's
                    preoperative image data      bone, which is generated
                   being processed by the       through acquiring multiple
             OTS platform.              landmarks on the bone
                                                   surface.
                                        The system is indicated for                The system is indicated for
                                                   hip surgical procedures, in                   orthopedic hip surgical
                                             which the use of navigated                  procedures where a
                                                surgery is considered to be                   reference to a rigid
                                                safe and effective, and                   anatomical structure, such
                                          where a reference to a rigid                 as the pelvis, can be
                                               anatomical structure, such                       identified relative to a CTas the skull, a long bone, or                 based model of the
                                                    vertebra, can be identified                  anatomy. The system aids
                                                        relative to a CT-based                    the surgeon to accurately
                                          model of the anatomy. The                   navigate a compatible
                                           system aids the surgeon to                    prosthesis to the
                                                  accurately navigate a hip                    preoperatively planned
                                                  prosthesis to the                      position.
                                                   preoperatively planned
                                                       position.
                                         Example orthopedic
                The system is designed for    surgical procedures include
                   orthopedic surgical           but are not limited to:
                  procedures including:


                                                            K232140, Page 6 of 11.

Traditional 510(k) Submission


                   •   Pre-operative planning   •   Total Hip Arthroplasty
                   and of Total Hip            (THA) using posterior
                        Arthroplasty (THA)          approach.
                   •   Intraoperative            •   Preoperative planning
                      navigated surgery for       and intraoperative
                THA using a posterior        navigated surgery for
                      approach.                         joint replacement with
                                                     Stryker Exeter X3 Rimfit
                                                  cups.


User Population   Orthopedic surgeon          Orthopedic surgeon            Identical
Anatomical Site   Hip                        Hip                             Identical
Where Used        Office of user and            Operating room               Substantially
                   Operating room                                             Equivalent.
                                                                         Support for preoperative planning
                                                                                              in the user office to
                                                                            support user
                                                                           standard working
                                                                           environment.
                                                                             Preoperative
                                                                             planning is not
                                                                     dependent on
                                                                         environment in
                                                                              operating room
                                                                              since input data is
                                                                         generated before
                                                                                 entering the
                                                                              operating room.
Technological     Intraoperative image-         Intraoperative image-          Identical
Principle of       guided localization system    guided localization system
Operation          allowing user to plan          allowing user to plan
                   surgery using                surgery using
                 premeasurements of        premeasurements of
                     patient anatomy. Software     patient anatomy. Software
                    tracks anatomy, implants      tracks anatomy, implants
                and surgical tools in real-    and surgical tools in realtime.                          time.


                                                            K232140, Page 7 of 11.

Traditional 510(k) Submission


Main            The technology of          The technology of              Identical
Technology of     Minimally Invasive Surgery    Minimally Invasive Surgery
MIS               (MIS) is based on Image      (MIS) is based on Image
                 Guided Surgery (IGS)       Guided Surgery (IGS)
                    devices.                      devices.
Principle of        Preoperative image >         Preoperative image >          Identical
Operation Flow    surgical planning > surgical   surgical planning > surgical
                    guiding > recording           guiding > recording
Major             Software for planning and    Software for planning and     Substantially
Components      guiding                       guiding                       Equivalent.
                     Calibration Adapter Unit       Calibration Adapter Unit       Substantially
             OTD                                                        Equivalent.
                                                                   Updated version to
                                                                            support compatible
                                                                               implant system and
                                                            new tracking array
                                                                                    (Tracers).
                     Calibration Adapter Unit       Calibration Adapter Unit       Substantially
             OTD Emphasys                                             Equivalent.
                                                       New version to
                                                                            support compatible
                                                                               implant system and
                                                            new tracking array
                                                                                    (Tracers).
                      Inserter Adapter OTD          Inserter Adapter               Substantially
                                                                                 Equivalent.
                                                                   Updated version to
                                                                            support compatible
                                                                               implant system and
                                                            new tracking array
                                                                                    (Tracers).
               Reamer Adapter OTD       Reamer Adapter              Substantially
                                                                                 Equivalent.
                                                                   Updated version to
                                                                            support compatible
                                                                               implant system and
                                                            new tracking array
                                                                                    (Tracers).
                      Inserter Adapter OTD          Inserter Adapter               Substantially
                     Straight                                                     Equivalent.
                                                       New version to
                                                                            support compatible
                                                                               implant system and
                                                            new tracking array
                                                                                    (Tracers).

                                                           K232140, Page 8 of 11.

Traditional 510(k) Submission


Inserter Adapter OTD          Inserter Adapter               Substantially
Pinnacle Straight                                            Equivalent.
                                         New variant to
                                                         support compatible
                                                           implant system and
                                             new tracking array
                                                               (Tracers).
Attachment Adapter Fix      Attachment Adapter for        Substantially
                              Stryker OrthoLock EX-Pin     Equivalent
                         4x150                                                   Updated version to
                                                         support Ortoma
                                                           supplied screws.
Attachment Adapter Twin     Calibration Adapter Unit       Substantially
                                                          Equivalent
                                               Added variant to
                                                         support two points
                                                                       fixation.
Stylet & Pin                    Stylet & Pin                     Identical
Pointer                       Pointer 1                      Substantially
                                                             Equivalent.                              Pointer 2
                                                   Updated version to
                              Pointer 3                                                         support new
                                                              tracking array
                                                               (Tracers).
Pointer Holder            None                           Different - Added
                                                  component for
                                                         support of leg length
                                                                     functionality. This
                                                              difference is
                                                       supported by
                                                    adequate bench
                                                                    testing.
Tracers                    Markers                       Substantially
                                                             Equivalent.
                          Marker Reflector Disc      Two components
                                                  combined in one
                                                               single component.
                            Disc Inserter/ Remover                                           No need of Tool to
                            Tool                                                 mount Marker
                                                             Reflector Disc in
                                                        Marker.
OTS Instrumentation          External components          Substantially
                                                             Equivalent.
                                                Components are not
                                             new but are now
                                             K232140, Page 9 of 11.

Traditional 510(k) Submission


                                                                              supplied by Ortoma
                                                                                    rather than left to
                                                                               the user to procure.
               Camera (NDI)            Camera (Atracsys)            Substantially
                                                                                 Equivalent.
                                                        Same technology,
                                                                                           different supplier.
                 Computer (Baaske, e-       Computer (supplied by        Substantially
                 medic Silence TP2)            user).                         Equivalent.
                                                               Component is now
                                                                              supplied by Ortoma
                                                                                    rather than left to
                                                                               the user to procure.
                 Computer and Camera      Computer and Camera        Substantially
                 Stand (Jansen Medicars,     stand                         Equivalent.
                   Flexx one 180 – Ortoma,                                                                   Updated version                   3005.00.00.130)
                 Keyboard (ProKeys e.K.,     Keyboard (Supplied by        Substantially
               K10 MED Compact-LS-       user)                         Equivalent.
                USB-US/JP)                                      Component is now
                                                                              supplied by Ortoma
                                                                                    rather than left to
                                                                               the user to procure.
                   Footswitch (Herga, MD3G-    Footswitch                    Substantially
                DGA-GZ1-AAA-001)                                        Equivalent.
                                                                   Updated version
Tracking/          Real-time Optical Tracking    Real-time Optical Tracking     Identical
Navigation       System (OPS)             System (OPS)
Technology
Input Image      Computer Tomography      Computer Tomography        Substantially
Planning           (CT), X-Ray                 (CT)                          Equivalent.
                                                                                    Functionality added
                                                                                              for X-Ray as
                                                                                   optional input, and
                                                                     as support for
                                                                             planning (as a user
                                                                              reference only).
Input Image     3D image of the unique     3D image of the unique        Identical
Guiding             patient´s anatomy             patient´s anatomy
DICOM          Yes                     Yes                             Identical
compliance
Save/load        Yes                     Yes                             Identical
planning
Accessories      None                   None                           Identical

                                                            K232140, Page 10 of 11.

Traditional 510(k) Submission


                  Mains                     Mains                           Identical Power Source
                   Tested per ISO 10993       Tested per ISO 10993         Identical Biocompatibility
            SW application for pre-    SW application for pre-        Identical Software                     operative planning and        operative planning and
                      navigation                    navigation
  Sterilization      Steam sterilization for       Steam sterilization for          Identical
                    reusable components        reusable components
              Gamma sterilization for     Gamma sterilization for
                       single use components        single use components

Conclusions

The OTS Hip is as safe and effective as the Ortoma Treatment Solution system (K181449). The OTS Hip
has the same intended uses and similar indications, technological characteristics, and principles of
operation as its predicate device. The minor differences in the indications do not alter the intended
therapeutic use of the device and do not affect its safety and effectiveness when used as labeled. In
addition, the minor technological differences between the OTS Hip and its predicate devices raise no
new issues of safety or effectiveness. Performance data demonstrate that the OTS Hip is as safe and
effective as the Ortoma Treatment Solution system (K181449). Thus, the OTS Hip is substantially
equivalent.


                                                             K232140, Page 11 of 11.