Viz.ai, Inc.
Pooja Shah
Regulatory Affairs Specialist
5000 Center Green Way
Cary, NC 27513
                                                                    February 5, 2024
Re: K232363
    Trade/Device Name: Viz HDS, Viz Volume Plus, Viz ICH+
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: January 10, 2024
    Received: January 10, 2024

Dear Pooja Shah:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K232363 - Pooja Shah                                                                Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                  Indications for Use                        See PRA Statement below.

510(k) Number (if known)
K232363

Device Name

Viz HDS, Viz Volume Plus, Viz ICH+


Indications for Use (Describe)

The Viz HDS device is intended for automatic labeling, visualization, and quantification of segmentable brain structures
from a set of Non-Contrast CT (NCCT) head scans. The software is intended to automate the current manual process of
identifying, labeling, and quantifying the volume of segmentable brain structures identified on NCCT images. Viz HDS
provides volumes from NCCT scans acquired at a single time point. The Viz HDS software is indicated for use in the
analysis of the following structures: Intracranial Hyperdensities, Lateral Ventricles and Midline Shift. The device output
should be reviewed along with patient’s original images by a physician.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K232363


                                      510(k) SUMMARY

                                           Viz.ai, Inc.’s Viz HDS


Applicant Name:      Viz.ai, Inc.

                   5000 Center Green Way,

                      Cary, NC 27513

Contact Person:     Pooja Shah

                     Regulatory Affairs Specialist

                   5000 Center Green Way,

                      Cary, NC 27513

                         Tel. (669)288-4344

                     pooja.shah@viz.ai

Date Prepared: January 30, 2024

Device Name and Classification:


     Name of Device: Viz HDS, Viz Volume Plus, Viz ICH+


     Common or Usual Name: Automated Radiological Image Processing Software


       Classification Panel: Radiology


       Regulation No: 21 C.F.R. § 892.2050


       Regulatory Class: Class II


      Product Code: QIH


                                      1

Predicate Devices


       Manufacturer             Device Name             Application No.


     Qure.ai technologies           qER-Quant               K211222


Device Description

       Viz HDS is a software-only device that uses a locked artificial intelligence machine learning
       (AI/ML)  algorithm  to  processes  non-contrast head CT  scans  to  outline  intracranial
       hyperdensity areas, lateral ventricles (right and left), midline shift, and then quantify the volume
        of intracranial hyperdensity(ies), volume of lateral ventricles, lateral ventricle asymmetry ratio
      and distance of midline shift.
       Viz HDS analyzes the head NCCT series in DICOM format and produces a summary series
      and a segmentation series in DICOM format. The summary series is a two-slice output: a
        single slice from the NCCT series with segmented areas overlaid on it, and a summary table
        providing the calculated measurements. The segmentation series shows an RGB overlay, on
      each slice of the input series, of the lateral ventricles and hyperdensity(ies) segmentation
      masks  and  a  midline   shift.  For   slices  including  hyperdensity/hyperdensities  or
         ventricle/ventricles, its volume would be mentioned in a color legend that is also overlaid on
       the slice. The colors are only for visual differentiation between the segmented regions, the
        colors don’t have a meaning on their own. The device output is exported in DICOM format,
       which is sent to a pre-configured PACS destination together with the original NCCT series for
       review by a physician to aid in the assessment of measuring intracranial hyperdensity(ies),
         lateral ventricles, and midline shift.


      Workflow:
       Viz HDS is hosted in Viz.ai’s cloud server. For customers that have Viz HDS enabled, when
       they send NCCT head scans to the server, the scans are directed to the HDS processor for
        analysis. At the end of the processing the results series are created and sent back to the
       customer’s site to a DICOM node (e.g. PACS) defined for that customer.


                                      2

Workflow Diagram:


                              Figure 1. Workflow diagram of Viz HDS


Segmentation and Summary Series:
Following are two examples for the output series generated by the Viz HDS device. Figure 1
shows a sample image from the Segmentation series and next to it the original slice from the
head NCCT series (without the overlay and legend). Figure 2 shows an example of the
summary slice and next to it the summary table image that is part of the summary series.


                                3

Figure 2. Left image: A sample image from the Segmentation series showing overlays of the identified
hyperdensities and lateral ventricles segmentation provided by the Viz HDS device, legend contains the HDS
volume measurements, sorted from high to low volume, and the lateral ventricles volume measurements.
Right image: the corresponding image from the original head NCCT series.


Figure 3. Left image: An example of a single slice summary image showing as overlays the identified
hyperdensity, lateral ventricles and midline shift segmentation provided by the Viz HDS device. The legend
contains the hyperdensities volume measurements (mL), sorted from high to low volume, the right and left
lateral ventricles volume measurements (mL) and the midline shift value (mm). Right image: An example of
the summary table image in the Summary series generated by the Viz HDS device. The table shows all of the


                                4

identified hyperdensities, the right and left lateral ventricles, their asymmetry ratio and midline shift that was
       measured by the algorithm in the original NCCT series.


Intended Use / Indications for Use

      The Viz HDS device is intended for automatic labeling, visualization, and quantification of
       segmentable brain structures from a set of Non-Contrast CT (NCCT) head scans. The software
          is intended to automate the current manual process of identifying, labeling, and quantifying the
      volume of segmentable brain structures identified on NCCT images. Viz HDS provides
       volumes from NCCT scans acquired at a single time point. The Viz HDS software is indicated
         for use in the analysis of the following structures: Intracranial Hyperdensities, Lateral Ventricles
      and Midline Shift. The device output should be reviewed along with patient’s original images
       by a physician.


Summary of Technological Characteristics


      The subject device, Viz HDS, is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, qER-Quant
       (K211222). In comparing the technological characteristics, both the subject and predicate
       devices use an artificial intelligence algorithm to identify, label and quantify clinical findings in
     NCCT imaging. Where the subject and predicate device differ is that the software algorithm
         for the subject device provides volumes from NCCT scans acquired at single time point
       whereas, predicate device provides volumes from NCCT images acquired at a single time
        point and provides comparative analysis for two or more images that were acquired on the
      same scanner with the same acquisition protocol for the same individual at multiple time points.

       Both the subject device and the predicate device provide findings through back to PACS to
        hospital’s server that allow user to preview images and patients identified, labeled and
        quantified with segmentable brain structure to automate the manual process of measurement.
       Both the devices have DICOM annotated series image and summary report as an output.
      Where the subject and predicate device differ is that the subject device have RGB overlay as
       the output for abnormal hyperdensities whereas the predicate device represent hyperdensities
          is a singular color. This difference does not raise any safety or efficacy question as the colors
       are only for visual differentiation between the segmented regions, the colors don’t have a
      meaning on their own.

       Both the subject and predicate device use a deep-learning algorithm that analyzes NCCT
      images for identifying, labeling and quantifying volume of segmentable brain structures. Both
       the devices are intended to be used as aid to physicians for identifying, labeling and quantifying
       segmentable brain structures on NCCT images. Because of the similarities regarding the type
        of algorithms, the type of imaging data processed by the devices, the intended use of the
        devices, and the outputs of the image analysis, the difference in the output visual does not
        raise new or different questions regarding safety or efficacy.


                                      5

Predicate Device                          Subject Device


                               qER-Quant                                    Viz HDS


Application No.                    K211222                              K232363


Product Code                      QIH                                QIH


Regulation No.               21 C.F.R. § 892.2050                     21 C.F.R. § 892.2050


Intended Use /      The  qER-Quant  device   is  intended  for  The Viz HDS device is intended for automatic
Indications for Use    automatic    labeling,    visualization   and   labeling, visualization, and quantification of
                        quantification    of   segmentable    brain  segmentable brain structures from a set of
                       structures from a set of Non-Contrast head  Non-Contrast CT (NCCT) head scans. The
               CT (NCCT) images. The software is intended  software is intended to automate the current
                        to automate the current manual process of  manual process of identifying, labeling, and
                         identifying,  labeling  and  quantifying  the   quantifying the volume of segmentable brain
                   volume  of  segmentable  brain  structures   structures identified on NCCT images. Viz
                         identified on NCCT images.            HDS provides volumes from NCCT scans
                  qER-Quant provides volumes from NCCT  acquired at a single time point. The Viz HDS
                   images acquired at a single time point and  software is indicated for use in the analysis of
                     provides a table with comparative analysis for  the    following    structures:    Intracranial
                   two or more images that were acquired on the  Hyperdensities,   Lateral   Ventricles  and
                same  scanner  with  the  same  image  Midline Shift. The device output should be
                       acquisition protocol for the same individual at  reviewed along with patient’s original images
                       multiple time points.                       by a physician.
                 The qER-Quant software is indicated for use
                          in the analysis of the following structures:
                   Abnormal Intracranial Hyperdensities, Lateral
                       Ventricles and Midline Shift.


Anatomical Region                 Head                               Head


Independent                        Yes                                  Yes
Standard of Care
Workflow


                                     6

Input images           Non-contrast CT from a single or multiple      Non-contrast CT from a single time point
                                      time points


  Clinical Condition      Intracranial hyperdensities, lateral ventricles    Intracranial hyperdensities, lateral ventricles
                               and midline shift                         and midline shift


 Data Acquisition       Acquires medical image data from DICOM     Acquires medical image data from DICOM
                        compliant imaging devices and modalities.     compliant imaging devices and modalities.


 Supported Imaging             Non-contrast CT (NCCT)                     Non-contrast CT (NCCT)
 Modality


 Alteration of                      No                               No
 Original Image


  Artificial Intelligence                  Yes                                  Yes
 Algorithm


 Output                  Multiple electronic reports with volumetric      Multiple electronic reports with volumetric
                         information of brain structures and midline     information of brain structures and midline
                                  shift AND Annotated DICOM Images             shift AND Annotated DICOM Images


Performance Data

Clinical testing was performed as a study comparing the Viz HDS’s output to the ground truth as
established by trained radiologists. The study demonstrated that the MAE (Mean absolute error) for
hyperdensities total volume, right lateral ventricle volume, left lateral ventricle volume, and midline shift
distance upper 95% CI bounds were less than 7.5 mL, 3 mL, 3 mL, and 2 mm, respectively between
the algorithm and the established ground truth, which was aligned with the performance goal.

Additionally, DICE score was  calculated  to describe the degree  of agreement between the
measurements by the Viz HDS algorithm in comparison to the measurements that were obtained
manually. The study demonstrated that the DICE score for hyperdenity(ies) and both lateral ventricles
lower CI bound was greater than 70%, which was aligned with the performance goal.

Stratification of device performance was divided by clinical site, gender, age, slice thickness, scanner
manufacturer,model, scanning parameters and size of estimated quantity.


                                      7

Conclusions

Viz HDS is as safe and effective as the predicate device. The subject device and the predicate have
the same intended use and similar indications, technological characteristics, and principles of
operation. The subject device differs in that it provides a report acquired at a single time point whereas,
predicate device provides a report acquired at a single time point and provides comparative analysis.
Both subject and predicate provide findings through back to PACS destination of hospital. These
differences do not present new or different questions of safety or effectiveness with respect to the
predicate device. Viz.ai has provided supportive clinical data and software testing which demonstrates
that the subject device can perform effective labeling, visualization and quantification of intracranial
hyperdensities, lateral ventricles and midline shift. Thus, Viz HDS is substantially equivalent to the
predicate.


                                      8