Philips Ultrasound                                                               October 26, 2023
℅ Sudipta Chakrabarti
Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist
22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
BOTHELL WA 98021-8431

Re: K232500
    Trade/Device Name: Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1550
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: IYN, IYO, ITX, QIH
    Dated: August 17, 2023
    Received: August 17, 2023

Dear Sudipta Chakrabarti:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K232500 - Sudipta Chakrabarti                                                          Page 2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                      Yanna S. Kang -S
                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K232500
Device Name
Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System
Indications for Use (Describe)
The Philips Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System is intended for diagnostic ultrasound imaging in B
(2D), Color Doppler, Combined (B+Color), Pulsed Wave Doppler (PWD), and M-modes.
It is indicated for diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid flow analysis in the following applications:
Fetal/Obstetric,Abdominal, Pediatric, Cephalic, Urology, Gynecological, Cardiac Fetal Echo, Small
Organ,Musculoskeletal, Peripheral Vessel, Carotid, Cardiac, Lung.
The Lumify system is a transportable ultrasound system intended for use in environments where
healthcare is provided by healthcare professionals.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Oo Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

TRADITIONAL 510(k) SUMMARY
                                            Philips Ultrasound
               Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Auto EF Quantification


    510(k) Number: K232500

    This summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance with 21 CFR §
    807.92.

1.  Submitter’s name, address, telephone number, contact person(s)
    Manufacturer:              Philips Ultrasound
                            22100 Bothell Everett Hwy
                                   Bothell, WA 98021-8431
    Contact Person:           Sudipta Chakrabarti
                                     Sr. Regulatory Affairs Specialist
                           TEL: +1 (203) -213-6862
                                 sudipta.chakrabarti@philips.com
    Secondary Contact:       Tamara Daniels
                                     Sr. Regulatory Affairs Manager
                           TEL: +1 (203) -213-6862
                                tamara.daniels@philips.com
    Date Prepared:           October 26, 2023

2. Name of the device, including the trade of proprietary name if applicable, the common or usual
   name, and the classification name, if known:
     Proprietary Name:       Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System
   Common Name:           Diagnostic ultrasound system and transducers
     Regulation Description:      Classification Name               21 CFR §    Product Code
                               Primary
                                      Ultrasonic pulsed doppler imaging     892.1550       IYN
                                  system
                                Secondary
                                      Ultrasonic pulsed echo imaging        892.1560       IYO
                                  system
                                     Diagnostic ultrasonic transducer       892.1570       ITX
                                  Medical image management and       892.2050       QIH
                                     processing system

     Device Class:              Class II
     Classification Panel:       Radiology


                                                                            Page 1 of 10

TRADITIONAL 510(k) SUMMARY
                                            Philips Ultrasound
               Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Auto EF Quantification


3.  Indications for Use and Intended Use

   There is no change to the intended use and indications for use of the subject device as compared to the
    currently commercialized version of Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System, except lung indication
   was added through K203406 for Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with B-line Detection and Bline Counting, and Pulsed Wave Doppler was added during Lumify 4.0 (Android) release through a
    Letter to File.

    3.1 Indications for Use

   The Philips Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System is intended for diagnostic ultrasound imaging in
    B(2D), Color Doppler, Combined (B+Color), Pulsed Wave Doppler, and M-modes.

     It is indicated for diagnostic ultrasound imaging and fluid flow analysis in the following applications:

    Fetal/Obstetric, Abdominal, Pediatric, Cephalic, Urology, Gynecological, Cardiac Fetal Echo, Small
    Organ, Musculoskeletal, Peripheral Vessel, Carotid, Cardiac, Lung.

   The Lumify system is a transportable ultrasound system intended for use in environments where
    healthcare is provided by healthcare professionals.

    3.2 Intended Use

   The intended use of the product is to collect ultrasound image data that may be used by clinicians for
    diagnostic and procedural purposes. The product shall provide the ability for gathering clinically
    acceptable images and ultrasound data for the clinical presets and anatomies listed under the
    indications for use.

    This product is intended to be installed, used, and operated only in accordance with safety procedures
   and operating instructions given in the product user information, and only for the purposes for which
      it was designed. However, nothing stated in the user information reduces the user’s responsibility for
   sound clinical judgement and best clinical procedure.

4.  Device Description Summary

   The Philips Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System (Lumify) is a mobile, durable, and reusable,
    software-controlled medical device, which is intended to acquire high-resolution ultrasound data and
    to display the data in B (2D), Pulsed Wave Doppler, Color Doppler, Combined (B+ Color), and M
   modes.

   The Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System (Android) utilizes:
    •  A commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) Android mobile device (smart phone or tablet)
    •  The Philips Ultrasound Lumify software running as an application on the COTS device
    •  The Philips C5-2 Curved array USB transducer
    •  The Philips L12-4 Linear array USB transducer
    •  The Philips S4-1 Sector array USB transducer
    •  Lumify Micro B Transducer Cable
                                                                            Page 2 of 10

TRADITIONAL 510(k) SUMMARY
                                            Philips Ultrasound
               Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Auto EF Quantification

   •  Lumify Micro C Transducer Cable


              Figure 4-1: Hardware components of Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System.

   The Lumify system is compatible with iOS or Android operating systems. The Lumify system
    software provides various imaging features, including an Android-specific feature with artificial
    intelligence (AI) based, Auto EF Quantification (ejection fraction) technology during cardiac
    imaging. Ejection fraction (EF) is a measurement, expressed as a percentage, of how much blood the
     left ventricle pumps out with each contraction of the heart. The End Diastolic Volume (EDV) and the
   End Systolic Volume (ESV) are the volumes used to calculate the blood ejected from the left
    ventricle per heartbeat.
   Auto EF is a new Artificial Intelligence (AI) feature available on the S4-1 transducer in the Cardiac
    Preset on the Lumify application based on the LVivo EF algorithm developed by DiA. Lumify Auto
   EF Quantification feature is a subset of LVivo platform. It provides automated assessment of the LV
   EF supporting evaluation from only apical four chamber (A4CH) view. The software automatically
    traces and tracks LV borders in each frame of the cardiac cycle and provides only the results for
    Ejection Fraction (EF), End Diastolic Volume (EDV), and End Systolic Volumes (ESV). Auto EF
    only includes a mechanism for automatically rejecting false results. If the algorithm fails to compute
    the results, then the user is notified by displaying an error dialog. Additionally, the tool offers editing
    functionality to review and adjust the LV contour before accepting it for calculating the results. The
   Auto EF Quantification feature will be available on version 5.0 (Android) of Lumify Diagnostic
    Ultrasound System.

   The Auto EF Quantification has no impact on the clinical indication or intended users of the
    predicate. This software enhancement does not alter the intended use of the device but provides
    additional functionality to clinical workflows during cardiac related applications.

5.  Substantially Equivalent Devices

   Predicate Device:             K162549, Philips Ultrasound – Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound
                                System
                                                                            Page 3 of 10

TRADITIONAL 510(k) SUMMARY
                                            Philips Ultrasound
               Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Auto EF Quantification

   Reference Device:             K210053, DiA LVivo Software Application
   Additional Reference Devices   K223771, Philips Ultrasound – Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound
                                System
                               K203406, Philips Ultrasound – Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound
                                System
6.  Technological Comparison to Predicate Devices

   The Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Auto EF Quantification and associated transducers
    are substantially equivalent to the predicate device (K162546) and reference device (K210053).

   The following Table 6.1 provides an overview of the comparison between the subject devices and
    predicate and reference devices.
   Standard Feature       Lumify          Lumify         DiA LVivo         Comparison/
                           Diagnostic         Diagnostic          Software            Discussion
                         Ultrasound        Ultrasound         Application
                        System K#     System K162549       K210053
                         Pending          (Predicate      (Reference Device)
                         (Subject Device)        Device)
  Regulation Number       892.1550                             892.2050        Remains unchanged
                                                                                from predicate                                             892.1550                                                                            Lumify Ultrasound
                                                                                  System
  Device Classification   System, Imaging,                        Automated       Remains unchanged                                           System, Imaging,      Name           Pulsed Doppler,                            Radiological                                             Pulsed Doppler,                              Ultrasonic                        Imaging Processing                                                  Ultrasonic                                                                   Software
  Device Classification              II                        II                         II           Remains unchanged
   Primary Product        IYN           IYN            QIH          Remains unchanged
       Code                                                                   from predicate
                                                                            Lumify Ultrasound
                                                                                  System
                                                                QIH is a secondary
                                                                                       product for subject
                                                                                             device
 Feature Trade Name      Auto EF        Not Applicable       LVivo EF         LVivo software
                            Quantification     This feature was                            application has been
                                             not available with                             incorporated in
                                                         this version                         Lumify Ultrasound
                                                                             System as Auto EF
                                                                                              Quantification
 Scientific Technology      Ultrasound         Ultrasound            Relies on        Remains unchanged
                           Imaging           Imaging        Ultrasound imaging    for the predicate and
                                                                           to perform the          similar for the
                                                                   assessment              reference
      Principles of       Lumify Auto EF    Not Applicable    The LVivo platform      With Auto EF
  Operation (subject     Quantification is    This feature was     is a software system   Quantification feature
      Auto EF          a software only    not available with       for automated       the user is offered an
     Quantification       feature. The core        this version           analysis of            automated
       Feature)         system software                             ultrasound         measurement of
                               architecture                             examinations.        Ejection Fraction
                            remains                                                    (EF), End Diastolic
                        unchanged. This                                     Volume (EDV), and
                                                                            Page 4 of 10

TRADITIONAL 510(k) SUMMARY
                                           Philips Ultrasound
              Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Auto EF Quantification

 Standard Feature       Lumify          Lumify         DiA LVivo         Comparison/
                          Diagnostic         Diagnostic          Software            Discussion
                       Ultrasound        Ultrasound         Application
                       System K#     System K162549       K210053
                        Pending          (Predicate      (Reference Device)
                       (Subject Device)        Device)
                          additional feature                                    End Systolic Volume
                                 is added in the                                           (ESV). The Lumify
                       Cardiac preset of                                                  features are a subset
                            the Lumify                                                 of the LVivo platform
                       system to assess
                                left ventricular
                        function using a 4
                    Chamber Apical
                     view of the heart.
                          This feature
                            provides
                      automated tracing
                            of the Left
                         Ventricular (LV)
                           border and
                          quantification of
                     End Systolic
                    Volume (ESV)
                     and End Diastolic
                    Volumes (EDV)
                           as well as the
                         Ejection Fraction
                         (EF) for LV
                           assessment.
      Artificial           Auto EF        Not Applicable    Automated analysis
Intelligence/Machine   Quantification, is    This feature was             of           The subject device
     Learning        a derivative of the   not available with    echocardiographic     with the automation
                            previously           this version        examinations is         of the Auto EF
                         cleared LVivoEF                       done based on          Quantification
                         module                             ultrasound imaging      feature, the user is
                      (K210053) that                          data by analyzing       now offered
                             enables                              already acquired       measurements
                         automated                                    clip (cine          including Ejection
                         evaluation of end                          loop). The imaging     Fraction (EF), End
                            diastolic volume                             data can be          Diastolic Volume
                       (EDV), end                         provided in DICOM     (EDV) and End
                            systolic volume                       format that includes      Systolic Volume
                       (ESV) and                            required metadata          (ESV).
                         Ejection Fraction                          or RGB format
                        (EF) from the                              together with         The AL/ML
                       Four Chamber                          metadata that is      functionality is same
                      (4CH) apical                          provided through      in the subject device
                             view.                              software API. The     in comparison to the
                                                                  global LV function      reference device.
                                                                                    is evaluated from
                                                        two of the apical
                                                                  views: fourchamber (4CH) and

                                                                           Page 5 of 10

TRADITIONAL 510(k) SUMMARY
                                          Philips Ultrasound
              Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Auto EF Quantification

 Standard Feature       Lumify          Lumify         DiA LVivo         Comparison/
                         Diagnostic         Diagnostic          Software            Discussion
                       Ultrasound        Ultrasound         Application
                      System K#     System K162549       K210053
                        Pending          (Predicate      (Reference Device)
                       (Subject Device)        Device)
                                                         two-chamber (2CH)
                                                        by calculating
                                                                       ejection fraction
                                                                 (EF). The LVivo EF
                                                                supports global LV
                                                                  function evaluation
                                                        from single view or
                                                                  Biplane”

   Automation           Yes         Not Applicable          Yes
                                          This feature was                    Same as the reference
                                           not available with                         device (DiA LVivo)
                                                       this version

 Manual editing by         Yes         Not Applicable          Yes
   user capability                          This feature was                    Same as the reference
                                           not available with                         device (DiA LVivo)
                                                       this version

Automated ED and        Yes         Not Applicable          Yes
ES frames selection                       This feature was                    Same as the reference
                                           not available with                         device (DiA LVivo)
                                                       this version

Volume calculation        Yes         Not Applicable          Yes
by Simson’s method                       This feature was                    Same as the reference
       of discs                              not available with                         device (DiA LVivo)
                                                       this version

   EF results         Displaying full     Not Applicable     Displaying full clip
    presentation         clip with border     This feature was        with border       Auto EF for Lumify
                            tracking. The     not available with    tracking. And table     does not have the
                               results for            this version      with results for each    table with results for
                          selected ED and                          cycle for selected      each cycle. Only
                   ES frames for                ED & ES frames for    results for ED & ES
                           default beat is                            each beat.         frames for default
                            displayed.                                                    beat is displayed.

    Algorithm            Image        Not Applicable    Image segmentation
                       segmentation for    This feature was    for border detection    Same as reference
                        border detection    not available with      and tracking              device
                       and tracking          this version       includes processing
                             includes                        by neural network                                                                                        .
                         processing by
                         neural network


                                                                           Page 6 of 10

TRADITIONAL 510(k) SUMMARY
                                            Philips Ultrasound
               Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Auto EF Quantification

   Standard Feature       Lumify          Lumify         DiA LVivo         Comparison/
                           Diagnostic         Diagnostic          Software            Discussion
                         Ultrasound        Ultrasound         Application
                        System K#     System K162549       K210053
                         Pending          (Predicate      (Reference Device)
                         (Subject Device)        Device)
 Automated rejection        Yes         Not Applicable          Yes
     of false results                          This feature was                    Same as the reference
                                             not available with                         device (DiA LVivo)
                                                         this version

     Transducers           L12-4            L12-4           Cardiac Phased          Auto EF
                             S4-1              S4-1               Array          Quantification feature
                           C5-2             C5-2                                         is only available on
                       Auto EF is only                                            S4-1 transducer
                           available on S4-1
                           Transducer
                          (Cardiac Phased
                              Array)
          Table 6.1 Technological Comparison of Proposed Subject Device & Predicate Device.

7.  Non-Clinical Performance Data
   The proposed modification of the Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System was tested in accordance
    with Philips internal procedures. Philips Ultrasound tested the subject device per the following
    standards to ensure the continued safe and effective performance:

       •  IEC 62304 Medical device software - Software life cycle processes, 2006 + A 2015
       •  IEC62366-1 Medical devices – Part 1: Application of usability engineering to medical
            devices, 2015
       •  ISO 14971 Medical devices- Application of risk management to medical devices, 2019

    Non-clinical verification testing was conducted to address the change and performance test data were
    provided to support the introduction of the subject software algorithm for the Auto EF software
    feature. The activities to assure the safe and effective performance of the software revision included,
    but are not limited to, the following:

       •   Requirements Review
       •   Risk Analysis and Management Review
       •   Product Specification Review
       •  Design Reviews

    Non-Clinical Verification Testing of requirements, consisted of feature-specific functional testing,
    transducer compatibility, user interface and workflow testing related to Auto EF Software Feature
    introduced in this submission as part of the software verification activities for the system and for S4-1
    transducer supporting the Auto EF Software feature.

    Since this is a software-only change and no new hardware was added, no acoustic output, cleaning
   and disinfectant, thermal, electrical, electromagnetic, and mechanical safety testing were required.
    Biocompatibility testing is not needed for the subject Lumify Ultrasound System with Auto EF
    Quantification. The transducer patient contact materials and manufacturing processes are not
                                                                            Page 7 of 10

TRADITIONAL 510(k) SUMMARY
                                            Philips Ultrasound
               Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Auto EF Quantification

    impacted by the release of the subject Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Auto EF
    Quantification.

8.  Clinical Performance Data

   Summary of Clinical Tests

    There was no clinical investigation needed for this premarket submission of the Lumify Diagnostic
    Ultrasound System with Auto EF Quantification feature, which is an artificial intelligence-based
    feature. The LVivo EF was developed by DiA Imaging Analysis Ltd. and integrated into Lumify
    Diagnostic Ultrasound device as Auto EF Quantification.

    Artificial Intelligence Summary

   The LVivo EF algorithm is an Artificial Intelligence (AI) based tool that enables automated
    assessment of the global LV function.
  A clinical performance study using Apical 4 Chamber (A4CH) view clips from 80 patients acquired
    with the Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System, compared the automated EF evaluation by LVivo EF
    to Ejection Fraction (EF) evaluation by manual tracing performed by sonographers. The data used for
    clinical performance study were completely distinct from that used during training of the algorithm,
   and there was no overlap between the two data sets.

    Dataset

   The data set consisted of Apical 4CH view clips obtained from 80 subjects who were referred for
    cardiac evaluation. These subjects were selected based on their eligibility for study.
   The data were acquired consecutively for patients with normal LV function and then for patients with
    impaired LV function. For each patient, a scan of the 4CH apical view was performed using Lumify
    Diagnostic Ultrasound System when EF by visual estimation on the Lumify device was possible.
   The examinations were identified by patient number and collected anonymized.


                                                                            Page 8 of 10

TRADITIONAL 510(k) SUMMARY
                                        Philips Ultrasound
            Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Auto EF Quantification

The demographic distribution of the study population includes the following:
           Variables                         Values     N   %     Mean

          Gender                          Female       23     29              --

                                          Male        57     71              --

         Age                           19 - 92 years    80        --      64 ± 14
                                                                                   years

        BMI                                 15.9-43.0     74*       --        26.4

       LV Function                   Normal or      30     37.5           --
                                              preserved LV
                                                  function

                                           Mild LV      13     16.25          --
                                               dysfunction

                                         Moderate LV     20     25             --
                                               dysfunction

                                             Severe LV      17     21.25          --
                                               dysfunction

           Population disease distribution     Coronary      34     42             --
                                                   artery disease
                                      (CAD)

                                                    Left         9     11             --
                                                 Ventricular
                                           Hypertrophy

                                            Thickened      19     24             --
                                                              leaflet,
                                                  Calcified or
                                                    prosthetic
                                                   mitral valve

                                          Moderate to      7      9             --
                                            Severe Mitral
                                                  regurgitation

                                        Normal LV     11     14             --
                                               Function


          *BMI data were not available for 6 patients.


                                                                         Page 9 of 10

TRADITIONAL 510(k) SUMMARY
                                            Philips Ultrasound
               Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound System with Auto EF Quantification

  A comparison was conducted between the automated EF results obtained by the LVivo EF
    application, and the average Ejection Fraction (EF) results obtained through manual tracing, which is
    a conventional method for echocardiographic LV function evaluation.
    Results

    Strong correlation was demonstrated between LVivo EF ejection fraction (EF) measurements and the
    average results by manual tracing, r=0.82, 95% CI (0.72, 0.88), meeting the end point criteria.
    Additionally, strong correlations were demonstrated for end-diastolic volume (EDV) and end-systolic
   volume (ESV) with r=0.95, 95% CI (0.91, 0.96) and r= 0.94, 95% CI (0.90, 0.96), respectively.
   The LVivoEF automatically processed 76 out of 80 clips (95%). The automated results were
   compared to EF results by manual tracing.
   Conclusion

   Auto EF application accurately measured LV function when applied to 4CH clips collected with the
   Lumify Diagnostic Ultrasound Device. The Auto EF application can be used as an analysis tool for
   EF evaluation on clips acquired with the Lumify device.

9.  Sterilization

   Not applicable. The ultrasound transducers are not supplied sterile.

10. Conclusion

    For testing, all pre-determined acceptance criteria were met. Results of these tests show that the
    proposed subject device meets its intended use.

   The changes made to the subject device do not affect the use of the device, nor do they introduce any
   new or significantly modified risks. The results of the relevant performance and compatibility tests
    support a determination that the proposed subject device does not raise new questions of safety or
    effectiveness. Therefore, the subject device is substantially equivalent to the primary predicate device
    in terms of indications for use, design, technological characteristics, modes of operations, safety, and
    effectiveness.


                                                                           Page 10 of 10