January 11, 2024

Stryker Instruments
Ms. Patti Arndt
Principal Specialist, Regulatory Affairs
1941 Stryker Way
Portage, Michigan 49002

Re: K232250
    Trade/Device Name: SurgiCount+ System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 880.2750
    Regulation Name: Image Processing Device For Estimation Of External Blood Loss
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: PBZ
    Dated: July 28, 2023
    Received: November 13, 2023

Dear Ms. Arndt:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K232250 - Patti Arndt                                                                 Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,
                               Mark               DigitallyMark Trumboresigned -Sby
                               Trumbore -S Date:09:52:452024.01.11-05'00'
                                    Mark Trumbore, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT4A: Division of General Surgery Devices
                                  OHT4: Office of Surgical and Infection Control Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K232250

Device Name
SurgiCount+ System


Indications for Use (Describe)

The SurgiCount+ System Software is a multifunctional software application intended to be used as an adjunct in the
estimation of blood loss and management of surgical sponges and other absorbent items. The system incorporates three
distinct software configurations: Triton AI, SC+ Sponge Counting, and Triton QBL. Additionally, combined workflows
(SC+ AI and SC+QBL) are provided for use in clinical environments that require both the tracking of absorbent surgical
items and estimation of patient blood loss.

The Triton AI configuration is intended to be used with surgical sponges, software, hardware and accessory devices that
have been validated for use with the application to estimate the hemoglobin (Hb) mass contained on used surgical
sponges. The configuration is also intended to calculate an estimate of blood volume on used surgical sponges from the
estimated Hb mass and a user-entered patient Hb value. The validated surgical sponges, hardware, software, accessory
devices and Hb mass ranges are listed in the Instructions for Use.

The SC+ Sponge Counting configuration is intended for use as an adjunctive technology for augmenting the manual
process of counting, displaying and recording the number of RFID-tagged absorbent articles used during surgical
procedures, and providing a non-invasive means of locating RFID-tagged absorbent articles within an operating room and
surgical sites.

The Triton QBL (Quantification of Blood Loss) configuration is intended to be used to record the weight of used surgical
sponges and other absorbent items in order to calculate the quantity of fluid volume on the sponges/absorbent items.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

SurgiCount+® System
Stryker Instruments
510(k) Summary: K232250

                           510(k) Summary

I.     Submitter

Stryker Instruments
1941 Stryker Way
Portage, MI 49002
Phone: 269-323-7700, 1-800-253-3210
Email:  Kim.Wiersema@stryker.com

II.    Contact Person

Ms. Patti L. Arndt
Principal Specialist, Regulatory Affairs
1941 Stryker Way
Portage, MI 49002
Phone: 269-888-0233
Email:  Patti.Arndt@stryker.com

Date Prepared: January 9, 2024

III.     Device

Name of Device:               SurgiCount+ System
Common or Usual Name:        External Blood Loss Estimation System
Classification Name:           Image Processing Device for Estimation of External
                             Blood Loss (21 CFR 880.2750)
Regulatory Class:                         II
Product Code:             PBZ

IV.    Predicate Device         Pixel 3 Sponge System
                          K163507

The predicate device has not been subject to a design related recall.
No reference devices were used in this submission.

V.    Device Description

The SurgiCount+ [SC+] System Software is a multi-functional software application that
is intended to be used as an adjunct in the estimation of blood loss and management of
surgical sponges and other surgical substrates. The system incorporates three distinct
software configurations: Triton AI, SC+ Sponge Counting, and Triton Quantitative Blood
Loss [QBL]. Additionally, combined workflows (SC+AI and SC+QBL) are provided for

                                                                               Page 1 of 6

SurgiCount+® System
Stryker Instruments
510(k) Summary: K232250

use in clinical environments that require both the tracking of absorbent surgical items
and estimation of patient blood loss. Two of the five software configurations (Triton AI
and SC+AI) are Class II functions. The remaining configurations are Class I functions.

The Class II Triton AI software configuration estimates the hemoglobin (Hb) mass
contained on used surgical sponges using an AI algorithm that analyzes the image of
each sponge. It also calculates an estimate of blood volume on used surgical sponges
from the estimated Hb mass and a user-entered patient Hb value. The Triton AI
software configuration's sponge counting functionality has been modified to enhance the
product’s surgical sponge counting/management functionality, compared to the
predicate device. New workflow steps allow users to scan, identify, and count RFIDtagged surgical sponges and other absorbent items, and to locate missing surgical
sponges inside the operating room and, noninvasively, in surgical sites.
The SaMD product includes the following nonmedical device and Class I consumable
and hardware accessories: a mobile device (Apple iPad Pro), RFID-tagged surgical
sponges/absorbent items, an RFID reader, a bluetooth-enabled scale, and a stand (or
optional wall mount) that houses the hardware accessories and connects the accessory
devices to electrical power.
VI.    Indications for Use

The SurgiCount+ System Software is a multifunctional software application intended to
be used as an adjunct in the estimation of blood loss and management of surgical
sponges and other absorbent items. The system incorporates three distinct software
configurations: Triton AI, SC+ Sponge Counting, and Triton QBL. Additionally, combined
workflows (SC+ AI and SC+QBL) are provided for use in clinical environments that
require both the tracking of absorbent surgical items and estimation of patient blood
loss.

The Triton AI configuration is intended to be used with surgical sponges, software,
hardware, and accessory devices that have been validated for use with the application
to estimate the hemoglobin (Hb) mass contained on used surgical sponges. The
configuration is also intended to calculate an estimate of blood volume on used surgical
sponges from the estimated Hb mass and a user-entered patient Hb value. The
validated surgical sponges, hardware, software, accessory devices and Hb mass
ranges are listed in the Instructions for Use.

The SC+ Sponge Counting configuration is intended for use as an adjunctive
technology for augmenting the manual process of counting, displaying, and recording
the number of RFID-tagged absorbent articles used during surgical procedures, and
providing a non-invasive means of locating RFID-tagged absorbent articles within an
operating room and surgical sites.


                                                                               Page 2 of 6

SurgiCount+® System
Stryker Instruments
510(k) Summary: K232250

The Triton QBL (Quantification of Blood Loss) configuration is intended to be used to
record the weight of used surgical sponges and other absorbent items in order to
calculate the quantity of fluid volume on the sponges/absorbent items.

VII.   Comparison of Technology Characteristics with the Predicate Device

The Indications for Use Statement has been updated but is unchanged with respect to
its representation of the product’s intended use. New indications for use (i.e., associated
medical conditions/diseases/patient populations) were not proposed. The modified
product remains an adjunctive technology that is intended to be used to estimate
external patient blood loss and in the management of surgical sponges. Key changes
include a product name change and an updated description of the modified SaMD
product, neither of which impact the safety and effectiveness of the device.

Essential device functions for the SaMD product include the processing of images for
the estimation of external patient blood loss and the management of surgical sponges.
The SurgiCount+ System uses the same technology as the predicate device to estimate
blood loss; its sponge counting functionality, however, is enhanced.

Image Processing for the Estimation of External Blood Loss: Using a qualified mobile
device camera, the SaMD product instructs the user to scan/image blood-containing
surgical sponges and other absorbent items used during a medical or surgical
procedure. The Application then processes the images using proprietary AI Algorithms.
The algorithms generate the same output for a given input (are fixed) and have been
trained using machine learning techniques to recognize the sponges and to estimate Hb
mass and blood loss volume on the imaged substrates.

Sponge Counting and Management: The SurgiCount+ System’s sponge counting
function uses ultra-high frequency (UHF) RFID technology to scan, count, and locate
RFID-tagged surgical sponges. The handheld, reusable, and wireless RFID reader
emits an electromagnetic field that activates items labeled with passive RFID tags within
its range. The reader’s firmware uses a defined communication protocol, and its
antenna transmits RF energy between 902-928 MHz. The Application collects and
manages the data received from the reader. By comparing the RFID-tagged absorbent
articles “counted in” to a surgical procedure to the articles “counted out,” the Application
is able to display the number and identity of any missing absorbent articles. The
predicate software system "counts" sponges by displaying the number of sponges
imaged by the device for the primary purpose of blood loss estimation.

The predicate and subject devices are identical with respect to their intended use and
essential performance. As shown in the following table, the key difference between the
two devices is the augmentation of the predicate system’s sponge counting and
management functionality.


                                                                               Page 3 of 6

SurgiCount+® System
Stryker Instruments
510(k) Summary: K232250


     Key Feature/          Predicate    Subject      Comparison
      Characteristic        Device       Device
                              Pixel 3       SurgiCount+
                       Sponge     System
                        System      (K232250)
                           (K163507)
      Product Type:       SaMD      SaMD       Same
                            Product       Product
      Intended Use:         Image-based  Image-based  Same
                               estimation of   estimation of
                               external       external
                                 patient blood   patient blood
                               loss and       loss and
                                surgical        surgical
                         sponge      sponge
                        management  management
       Clinical Workflows      Single         Multifunctional Same
                           Workflow      Software
                                         Device with     Predicate device
                                            Five             functionality is
                                         Workflows      replicated or
                                                   augmented in the
                                                            modified device
                                                                     (Triton AI and
                                                SC+AI
                                                           Workflows).
      Essential Function      Estimation of  Estimation of  Same
                           Hb/Blood     Hb/Blood
                         Volume on    Volume on     The incorporated
                         Imaged      Imaged         AI Algorithm is
                               Surgical       Surgical         identical across
                         Sponges     Sponges       the two systems.

                                                 The subject
                                                          device meets the
                                              same accuracy
                                                                  specification as
                                                       developed and
                                                             required for the
                                                              predicate system.


                                                                               Page 4 of 6

SurgiCount+® System
Stryker Instruments
510(k) Summary: K232250

     Key Feature/          Predicate    Subject      Comparison
      Characteristic        Device       Device
                              Pixel 3       SurgiCount+
                       Sponge     System
                        System      (K232250)
                           (K163507)
      Implementation of      Device       System uses    Similar
     Sponge               counts and    RFID-tagged
     Counting/Management  displays the    surgical         Modifications
       Functionality          number of     substrates     augment/enhance
                         imaged      and an RFID    the basic sponge
                          sponges      bar code       counting
                                           reader to        functionality
                                       count/manage  provided by the
                                     and locate      predicate system
                                                surgical
                                      sponges

VIII.  Performance Data

Extensive software verification and validation activities were completed for the
SurgiCount+ System. All test cases passed and fully traced to the product’s Risk
Analysis and Software Design Specification. Unit, regression, and system-level testing
also was conducted and confirmed that the software functioned as designed.
Cybersecurity design planning and testing ensured that the software was architected
and designed to minimize cybersecurity threats.

Non-clinical (bench) testing was conducted to validate the performance of the
SurgiCount+ System and demonstrated compliance with the product’s Special Controls.

(1) Hemoglobin (Hb) Algorithm Performance Validation

Testing was conducted to evaluate the accuracy of the Hb algorithm in estimating the
Hb mass on surgical sponges, compared to the known Hb mass on each sponge as
determined by a reference assay. It was shown that the limits of agreement between the
actual hemoglobin mass and sHbL measured by the SurgiCount+ software fell within
the acceptance limit of ±1.99 g Hb.

(2) Sponge Recognition Algorithm (SRA) Performance Validation

Test results demonstrated that the SRA had a failure rate (sum of false images and
failed detection) of 0.19%, when used to detect a representative 18x18 inch sponge
type. This was well below the acceptance criterion of less than or equal to 6.5%.


                                                                               Page 5 of 6

SurgiCount+® System
Stryker Instruments
510(k) Summary: K232250

(3) Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC)Testing
The SurgiCount+ System conforms with IEC 60601-1-2 and demonstrates
electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) safety and effectiveness in the hospital
environment.
(4) Wireless Coexistence Testing
Wireless coexistence testing was conducted on the system in accordance with ANSI
C63.27 and AAMI TIR 69. The SurgiCount+ System functioned as designed in the
presence of Wi-Fi and Bluetooth interferers that were no closer than 30 cm away from
the SurgiCount+ System’s iPad.
(5) Human Factors Validation
Fifteen nurses participated in a complete, end-to-end, usability validation of the
SurgiCount+ System. The validation study included the SurgiCount+ System’s critical
tasks and use scenarios, the facilitators’ evaluation of the users’ performance working
through clinically realistic scenarios, users’ input on usability and safety of the system,
and residual use-error risk analysis. The validation study concluded that the
SurgiCount+ System is reasonably safe and effective for its intended users and use
environment and that all use risks were effectively mitigated. No significant residual or
new usability risks were found.
IX.   Conclusions

The SurgiCount+ System has the same intended use as the predicate Triton Sponge
System. Both the subject and predicate devices are used to estimate blood loss on
used surgical sponges and to count/manage surgical substrates. The SurgiCount+
System shares the same technological characteristics as the predicate device and
includes new UFH RFID technology that enhances the product’s ability to identify, count,
and locate surgical sponges. Software and non-clinical performance testing raised no
new questions of safety or effectiveness and support the substantial equivalence of the
modified device to its legally marketed predicate.


                                                                               Page 6 of 6