Circle Cardiovascular Imaging
℅ Sydney Toutant
Regulatory Affairs Manager
Suite 110 - 800 5th Ave SW
Calgary, AB T2P 3T6
Canada

Re: K232661                                                   December 7, 2023
    Trade/Device Name: Myocardial Strain Software Application
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: LLZ
    Dated: November 10, 2023
    Received: November 13, 2023


Dear Sydney Toutant:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

2K232661 - Sydney Toutant                                                            Page


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

3K232661 - Sydney Toutant                                                            Page


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (if known)
K232661
Device Name
Myocardial Strain Software Application
Indications for Use (Describe)
The Myocardial Strain Software Application is intended for qualitative and quantitative
evaluation of cardiovascular magnetic resonance (CMR) images. It provides measurements of
2D LV myocardial function (displacement, velocity, strain, strain rate, time to peak, and torsion);
these measurements are used by qualified medical professionals, experienced in examining
and evaluating CMR images, for the purpose of obtaining diagnostic information for patients
with suspected heart disease as part of a comprehensive diagnostic decision-making process.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Oo Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

K232661

                             Strain Module 510(k) Summary


The following 510(k) summary of safety and effectiveness information is submitted in accordance
with the requirements of the Safe Medical Device Act 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92(c).


      I.    SUBMITTER

Submitter’s Name:          Circle Cardiovascular Imaging, Inc.
Address:                   Suite 1100 – 800 5th Ave SW, Calgary, AB, Canada, T2P 3T6
Date Prepared:            August 31 2023
Telephone Number:       +1 587 747 4692
Contact Person :         Sydney Toutant
Email:                     sydney.toutant@circlecvi.com


      II.    DEVICE

Name of the Device:       Myocardial Strain Software Application
Short Brand Name:         Strain Module
Common or Usual Name:   Radiological Image Processing System
Classification Name:       Medical image management and processing system
Proposed Classification:   Device Class: II
                           Product Code: LLZ
                           Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050


      III.   PREDICATE DEVICE

The predicate device is 2D Cardiac Performance Analysis MR 1.0 (2D CPA MR) manufactured
by TomTec Imaging Systems GmbH and cleared under K120135.

The predicate device has not been subject to a design-related recall.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 1 of 8

Strain Module 510(k) Summary

    IV.   DEVICE DESCRIPTION

Circle’s Myocardial Strain Software Application (Strain Module) is a software device that enables
the analysis of CMR images acquired using SSFP cine imaging.  It is designed to support
physicians in the visualization, evaluation, and analysis of myocardial tissue deformation through
CMR feature tracking. The device is intended to be used as an aid to the existing standard of care
and does not replace existing software applications that physicians use. The Strain Module can
be integrated into an image viewing software intended for visualization of cardiac images, such
as Circle’s FDA-cleared cvi42 software. The Strain Module does not interface directly with any
data collection equipment, and its functionality is independent of the type of vendor acquisition
equipment. The analysis results are available on-screen or can be saved for future review.
The Strain Module implements an algorithm for deformations modeling of topologies that relies
on a two-dimensional (2D) version  of the nearly incompressible deformable model. The
deformation of the model is assumed to be completely determined by a set of control points placed
on the middle curve of the myocardial wall; these points are first defined by the end-user in a
reference phase, and then detected in all other phases based on the feature tracked boundaries
and incompressibility constraint of the model. Once this feature tracking is complete, the Strain
Module computes and reports various global and regional deformation quantities such as strains
(including Global Longitudinal Strain (GLS) and Global Circumferential Strain (GCS)), strain rates,
displacements, velocities, and torsion. These measurements of myocardial deformation can be
made, as appropriate, in the radial, circumferential, or longitudinal directions. Note that the feature
tracking and deformation quantity computation is purely mathematical; the Strain Module does
not involve any artificial intelligence (AI) or machine learning (ML).
The device allows users to perform the measurements listed in Table 1.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 2 of 8

Strain Module 510(k) Summary


                                                         Table 1. Measurements in the Strain Module.

Measurement [units]            Description                                             Workflow                Application
Strain [%]                           In general, myocardial strain is a measure of the deformation in     • SAX-Circumferential     • This measurement for the global
                             shape and dimension of the heart muscle during the cardiac        • SAX-Radial              myocardium, or specific regions of
                                     cycle. Mathematically Circle uses the Lagrangian strain tensor      • LAX-Longitudinal         myocardium, can be represented over
                            and measures the deformation with respect to the reference (end   • LAX-Radial                time by Strain Curves.
                                                                                                                               • Strain is also presented as an Image                                     diastole) phase. The radial, circumferential and longitudinal                                                                                                                                Overlay.
                                     strains are defined as the strain tensor evaluated in the radial,
                                    circumferential and longitudinal directions on the appropriate SAX
                                   or LAX slices (in 2D), respectively.
Peak Strain [%]               The maximum of the strain in absolute value, over the whole        • SAX-Circumferential     • This measurement, on a regional basis,
                                  cardiac cycle.                                                     • SAX-Radial              can be visualized and reported in Polar
                                                                                                    • LAX-Longitudinal         Maps.
                                                                                                    • LAX-Radial
                                                                                                                            Note: Global peak circumferential strain
                                                                                                          and global peak longitudinal strain can
                                                                                                           be added by the user to the clinical
                                                                                                                                               report.
Time to Peak Strain [ms]          Trigger time elapsed from the first phase till the phase where the    • SAX-Circumferential     • Polar Maps, as above.
                             peak strain has been reached.                                    • SAX-Radial
                                                                                                    • LAX-Longitudinal
                                                                                                    • LAX-Radial
Strain Rate [1/s]                   Derivative of the strain with respect to time.                        • SAX-Circumferential     • Strain Curves, as above.
                                                                                                    • SAX-Radial
                                                                                                    • LAX-Longitudinal
                                                                                                    • LAX-Radial
Peak Systolic Strain Rate        The maximum of the strain rate in absolute value over all phases    • SAX-Circumferential     • Polar Maps, as above.
[1/s]                                 starting from the end systole till the next diastole.                   • SAX-Radial
                                                                                                    • LAX-Longitudinal
                                                                                                    • LAX-Radial
Peak Diastolic Strain Rate       The maximum of the strain rate in absolute value over all phases    • SAX-Circumferential     • Polar Maps, as above.
[1/s]                                 starting from the end diastole till the next systole.                   • SAX-Radial
                                                                                                    • LAX-Longitudinal
                                                                                                    • LAX-Radial
Displacement                 The displacement vector represents the position of a point with     • SAX-Circumferential     • Strain Curves, as above.
                                  respect to the position of that point in the reference (end diastole)   • SAX-Radial
[mm or degree]                                                                                     • LAX-Longitudinal          Displacement is also presented as an                               phase. The radial (both SAX and LAX) and longitudinal (LAX)                              Image Overlay.

                                           Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 3 of 8

Strain Module 510(k) Summary


                                displacements are expressed in mm and the circumferential        • LAX-Radial
                              (SAX) displacement is presented in degree.
Peak Displacement [mm or      The maximum of the displacement in absolute value, over the       • SAX-Circumferential     • Polar Maps, as above.
degree]                              whole cardiac cycle (expressed in mm for radial and longitudinal,   • SAX-Radial
                                                                                                    • LAX-Longitudinal                            and in degree for circumferential displacements).
                                                                                                    • LAX-Radial
Time to Peak Displacement [ms]   Trigger time elapsed from the first phase till the phase where the    • SAX-Circumferential     • Polar Maps, as above.
                             peak displacement has been reached.                             • SAX-Radial
                                                                                                    • LAX-Longitudinal
                                                                                                    • LAX-Radial
Velocity [mm/s or degree/s]        Derivative of the displacement with respect to time (expressed in    • SAX-Circumferential     • Strain Curves, as above.
                          mm/s or degree/s, as appropriate). The circumferential velocity     • SAX-Radial
                                                                                                    • LAX-Longitudinal                                 represents an angular velocity.
                                                                                                    • LAX-Radial
Peak Systolic Velocity [mm/s or   The maximum of the velocity in absolute value over all phases      • SAX-Circumferential     • Polar Maps, as above.
degree/s]                                      starting from the end diastole till the next systole (expressed in      • SAX-Radial
                                                                                                    • LAX-Longitudinal                          mm/s or degree/s, as appropriate).
                                                                                                    • LAX-Radial
Peak Diastolic Velocity [mm/s or   The maximum of the velocity in absolute value over all phases      • SAX-Circumferential     • Polar Maps, as above.
degree/s]                                      starting from the end systole till the next end diastole (expressed    • SAX-Radial
                                                                                                    • LAX-Longitudinal                                        in mm/s or degree/s, as appropriate).
                                                                                                    • LAX-Radial
Torsion [deg/cm]              The difference in rotation between the apical and basal slices       • SAX-Circumferential     • Strain Curves, as above.
                                   divided by the distance between apical and basal slices. Note that
                                    circumferential displacement represents an angle.
Torsion Rate [deg/(cm*s)]        The difference in rotational velocity between apical and basal       • SAX-Circumferential     • Strain Curves, as above.
                                      slices divided by the distance between the apical and basal
                                        slices. Note that circumferential velocity represents an angular
                                       velocity.


                                           Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 4 of 8

Strain Module 510(k) Summary


   V.    INTENDED USE / INDICATIONS FOR USE

Intended Use
The Myocardial Strain Software Application is intended for qualitative and quantitative evaluation
of cardiovascular MR images in a DICOM Standard format. As prerequisite, the user confirms
endocardial and epicardial contours in a reference phase, and the software tracks features over
the cardiac cycle and computes 2D myocardial deformation and movement  (e.g.,  strain,
displacement, velocity).


Indications for Use
The Myocardial Strain Software Application is intended for qualitative and quantitative evaluation
of cardiovascular magnetic resonance (CMR) images.  It provides measurements of 2D LV
myocardial function (displacement, velocity, strain, strain rate, time to peak, and torsion); these
measurements are used by qualified medical professionals, experienced in examining and
evaluating CMR images, for the purpose of obtaining diagnostic information for patients with
suspected heart disease as part of a comprehensive diagnostic decision-making process.


    VI.   COMPARISON WITH PREDICATE DEVICE

The detailed analysis of the subject device and the predicate device (shown in Table 2 and Table
3) demonstrates that the subject device is substantially equivalent in indications for use / intended
use, technological characteristics, functionality, and operating principles with the predicate
(K120135). Of the three characteristics (technical, biological, and  clinical) required for the
demonstration of equivalence, biological characteristics are not applicable since both the subject
device and predicate device are software as a medical device applications with no tangible
component interfacing with the body.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 5 of 8

Strain Module 510(k) Summary


                                  Table 2. Intended use and indications comparison.
             Subject Device                                     Predicate Device
               Strain Module                              2D CPA MR (K120135)
             Manufactured by Circle                              Manufactured by TomTec
Intended     The Myocardial Strain Software Application is intended  2D CPA MR software is intended for quantification of
Use            for qualitative and quantitative evaluation of             the myocardial deformation (strain) and movement
              cardiovascular MR images in a DICOM Standard        (displacement / velocity) for digital magnetic
               format. As prerequisite, the user confirms endocardial   resonance images. Possible quantification results are
            and epicardial contours in a reference phase, and the     velocity, displacement, strain, strain rate, time-to-peak
              software tracks features over the cardiac cycle and     and phase.
            computes 2D myocardial deformation and movement
                 (e.g., strain, displacement, velocity).                     Prerequisite is to draw a contour (endocard or
                                                             endocard and epicard) in a digital magnetic resonance
                                                                image. Based on this manual drawn contour, the SW
                                                                        calculates with a tracking algorithm the borders’
                                                                   displacement.

Indications   The Myocardial Strain Software Application is intended  2D Cardiac Performance Analysis is intended for
for Use        for qualitative and quantitative evaluation of             cardiac quantification based on magnetic resonance
              cardiovascular magnetic resonance (CMR) images. It    images. It provides measurements of myocardial
              provides measurements of 2D LV myocardial function    function (displacement, velocity, strain, strain rate) that
              (displacement, velocity, strain, strain rate, time to          is used for diagnostic purposes of patients with
             peak, and torsion); these measurements are used by    suspected heart disease.
                qualified medical professionals, experienced in
             examining and evaluating CMR images, for the
             purpose of obtaining diagnostic information for
               patients with suspected heart disease as part of a
             comprehensive diagnostic decision-making process.


    Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 6 of 8

Strain Module 510(k) Summary


                         Table 3. Regulatory and technological features comparison.
Feature                         Subject Device                           Predicate Device
                                      Strain Module                      2D CPA MR (K120135)
                                Manufactured by Circle                    Manufactured by TomTec
Device Class                                      II                                                                       II
Product Code                  LLZ                                LLZ
Regulation Name                  Medical image management and             Picture Archiving and Communications
                                  processing system                      System
Regulation Number              21 CFR 892.2050                       21 CFR 892.2050
DICOM Compliant?              Yes                                 Yes
Input Data Type                    cine MR images                             cine MR images
                                  (vendor independent)                       (vendor independent)
Prerequisites                      Endocardial and epicardial contours in       Contours (endocardial, or endocardial and
                                   reference phase(s).                            epicardial) in a digital magnetic resonance
                                                                    image
Myocardial deformation            Feature tracking (FT)                      Feature tracking (FT)
assessment technique
Comprehensive functional         Yes                                 Yes
assessment of myocardial function
2D functional analysis of          Yes                                 Yes
myocardial deformation
Express parameters in their       Yes                                 Yes
spatial directions (e.g.,
circumferential, longitudinal radial)
Overlay of tracked contour and     Yes                                 Yes
graphical displays for measured
parameters
Myocardial Function Global and      •   Displacement                           •   Displacement
Regional Measurements             •    Velocity                                 •    Velocity
                                     •    Strain                                  •    Strain
                                     •    Strain Rate                             •    Strain Rate
                                     •   Time to Peak                           •   Time to Peak
                                     •   Torsion
Operating System                   Microsoft Windows                           Microsoft Windows
                                Apple macOS


         VII.  PERFORMANCE DATA AND TESTING

   Performance testing was conducted to verify compliance with specified design requirements in
   accordance with ISO 13485:2016, IEC 62304:2015, ISO 14971:2019, and DICOM standards.

    Verification and validation testing were conducted to ensure specifications and performance of
    the device and were performed per the FDA Guidance “Technical Performance Assessment of
    Quantitative Imaging in Radiological Device Premarket Submission”. No clinical studies were
   necessary to support substantial equivalence.

    Strain Module has been tested according to the specifications that are documented in a Master
    Software Test Plan. Testing is an integral part of Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.’s software
   development as described in the company’s product development process.

    Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 7 of 8

Strain Module 510(k) Summary

Validation of Outputs
The  tracking  performance  and  the  clinically  relevant  Global  Longitudinal  and  Global
Circumferential strains were validated using a complimentary combination of simple and realistic
phantoms, real MRI data, and analytical solutions. The tracking performance was evaluated with
simple analytical phantoms generated with variable input parameters; the deformation field
generated by the strain module was evaluated on realistic phantoms with artificially imposed
known deformation field and perturbations; and the performance of the constrained tissue tracking
algorithm was also compared to manual tracking in ES phase by three expert readers. The
computation  of  the  deformation  metrics from  the  tracked  deformations were  evaluated
analytically.


     VIII.  CONCLUSION

The information submitted in this premarket notification, including the performance testing and
predicate device comparison, support the safety and effectiveness of Strain Module as compared
to the predicate device when used for the defined intended use.


Circle Cardiovascular Imaging Inc.          Non-Confidential                 Page 8 of 8