Brainomix Limited
℅ Zsolt Szrnka
Regulatory Affairs Manager
First Floor Seacourt Tower
West Way
Oxford, OX2 0JJ
United Kingdom
                                                           November 21, 2023
Re: K232496
    Trade/Device Name: Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: November 6, 2023
    Received: November 6, 2023

Dear Zsolt Szrnka:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K232496 - Zsolt Szrnka                                                                Page 2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K232496

Device Name
Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke


Indications for Use (Describe)
Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the
analysis of non-contrast head CT (NCCT) images to assist hospital networks and trained clinicians in workflow triage by
flagging and communicating suspected positive findings of head NCCT images for large vessel occlusion (LVO) of the
intracranial ICA and M1 and intracranial hemorrhage (ICH). Specifically, the device is intended to be used for the triage
of images acquired from adult patients in the acute setting, within 24 hours of the onset of the acute symptoms, or where
this is unclear, since last known well (LKW) time. It is not intended to detect isolated subarachnoid hemorrhage and
symmetrical bilateral MCA occlusions.

Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected
NCCT LVO or ICH on the Brainomix server on premise or in the cloud in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image
interpretation. The user is presented with notifications for cases with suspected LVO or ICH findings via a web user
interface or mobile application. Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for informational
purposes only and are not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification.

The device does not alter the original medical image, and it is not intended to be used as a primary diagnostic device. The
results of Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on
professional judgment to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians are ultimately responsible
for reviewing full images per the standard of care.

Cautions:
• All patients should get adequate care for their symptoms, including angiography and/or other appropriate care per the
standard clinical practice, irrespective of the output of Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke.
• Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke is not intended to be a rule-out device and for cases that have been processed by the device
without notification for "Suspected L VO" should not be viewed as indicating that LVO is excluded. All cases should
undergo angiography, per the standard stroke workup.

Limitations:
• Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke is not intended for mobile diagnostic use. Images viewed on a mobile platform are
compressed preview images and not for diagnostic interpretation.
• Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke does not replace the need for CT A in ischemic stroke workup - it provides workflow
prioritization and notification only.
• Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke has been validated and is intended to be used on Siemens, GE and Philips scanners.
• Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke is not intended to be used on patients with recent (within 6 weeks) neurosurgery or
endovascular neurointervention or recent (within 4 weeks) previous diagnosis of stroke.
• Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke is not intended to detect isolated subarachnoid hemorrhage and symmetrical bilateral MCA
occlusions.

Contraindications: Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke is not suitable for use with scan data containing image features
associated with:
• tumors or abscesses
• coils, shunts, embolization or movement artifacts


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 2                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke is not intended to be used for analyzing CT images in intracranial vascular pathologies such
as arterial aneurysms, arteriovenous malformations or venous thrombosis.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 2 of 2

Brainomix Limited
                                                                                                                     First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                             Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom

                        510(K) Summary         K232496
                  Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke


 Date Prepared:          16Aug2023
 Applicant’s name:         Brainomix Limited
 Applicant’s address:         First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                            Oxford, OX2 0JJ
                          United Kingdom
 Official contact:             Zsolt Szrnka
                        +44 (0)1865 582730
                          regulatory@brainomix.com
 Device Trade Name:       Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke
 Device Common Name:     Radiological Computer-Assisted Triage and Notification Software
 Regulatory Class:           Class II
 Product Code:          QAS
 Regulation No:           21 C.F.R. §892.2080
 Classification Panel:       Radiology Devices

Predicate Device

The Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke device is claimed to be substantially equivalent to the following legally marketed
predicate device: iSchemaView’s Rapid NCCT Stroke (K222884).

Indications for Use

Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software indicated for use in
the analysis of non-contrast head CT (NCCT) images to assist hospital networks and trained clinicians in workflow
triage by flagging and communicating suspected positive findings of head NCCT images for large vessel occlusion
(LVO) of the intracranial ICA and M1 and intracranial hemorrhage (ICH). Specifically, the device is intended to be
used for the triage of images acquired from adult patients in the acute setting, within 24 hours of the onset of the
acute symptoms, or where this is unclear, since last known well (LKW) time. It is not intended to detect isolated
subarachnoid hemorrhage and symmetrical bilateral MCA occlusions.

Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with
detected NCCT LVO or ICH on the Brainomix server on premise or in the cloud in parallel to the ongoing standard
of care image interpretation. The user is presented with notifications for cases with suspected LVO or ICH findings
via a web user interface or mobile application. Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for
informational purposes only and are not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification.

The device does not alter the original medical image, and it is not intended to be used as a primary diagnostic
device. The results of Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient
information and based on professional judgment to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified
clinicians are ultimately responsible for reviewing full images per the standard of care.
RCD-42-155-3

Brainomix Limited
                                                                                                                     First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                             Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


Cautions:

    •   All patients should get adequate care for their symptoms, including angiography and/or other appropriate
       care per the standard clinical practice, irrespective of the output of Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke.
    •   Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke is not intended to be a rule-out device and for cases that have been processed
       by the device without notification for “Suspected LVO” should not be viewed as indicating that LVO is
        excluded. All cases should undergo angiography, per the standard stroke workup.

Limitations:

    •   Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke is not intended for mobile diagnostic use. Images viewed on a mobile platform
       are compressed preview images and not for diagnostic interpretation.
    •   Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke does not replace the need for CTA in ischemic stroke workup - it provides
       workflow prioritization and notification only.
    •   Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke has been validated and is intended to be used on Siemens, GE and Philips
        scanners.
    •   Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke  is not intended to be used on patients with recent (within 6 weeks)
       neurosurgery or endovascular neurointervention or recent (within 4 weeks) previous diagnosis of stroke.
    •   Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke is not intended to detect isolated subarachnoid hemorrhage and symmetrical
         bilateral MCA occlusions.

Contraindications:

Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke is not suitable for use with scan data containing image features associated with:

    •  tumors or abscesses
    •   coils, shunts, embolization or movement artifacts

Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke is not intended to be used for analyzing CT images in intracranial vascular pathologies
such as arterial aneurysms, arteriovenous malformations or venous thrombosis.
Device Description

Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke is a radiological computer aided triage and notification software package compliant
with the DICOM standard and running on an off-the-shelf physical or virtual server.

The Triage Stroke module is a non-contrast CT processing module which operates within the integrated Brainomix
360 Platform to provide triage and notification prioritization of suspected large vessel occlusion (LVO) and
intracranial hemorrhage (ICH). Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke is a stand-alone software device which uses machine
learning algorithms that uses advanced non adaptive imaging algorithms, artificial intelligence, and large data
analytics to automatically identify suspected LVO and ICH on non-contrast CT (NCCT) imaging acquired from adult
patients in the acute setting, within 24 hours of the onset of the acute symptoms, or where this is unclear, since
last known well (LKW) time. The output of the module is a priority notification to clinicians indicating the suspicion
of LVO or ICH based on positive findings. Specifically, Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke’s ICH analysis is optimized to
identify findings of hyperdense volume in the parenchyma typically associated with acute intracranial hemorrhage;
and the NCCT LVO suspicion uses the combined analysis of the ASPECTS and hyperdense vessel sign (HDVS)
algorithms.  It  is not intended to detect isolated subarachnoid hemorrhage and symmetrical bilateral MCA
occlusions. The Triage Stroke module uses the basic services supplied by the Brainomix 360 Platform including
DICOM processing, job management, imaging module execution and imaging output including the notification and
compressed image.

RCD-42-155-3

Brainomix Limited
                                                                                                                     First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                             Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke notification capabilities enable clinicians to review and preview images via mobile app
notification. Alternatively, intended users can also access the notification (a “Suspected LVO” or “Suspected
hemorrhage” flag) and straightened images via the Brainomix 360 web user interface. Images that are previewed
via mobile app are compressed, are for preview informational purposes only, and not intended for diagnostic use
beyond notification.

The device is intended for use as an additional tool for assisting study triage within existing patient pathways. It
does not replace any part of the current standard of care. It is designed to assist in prioritization of studies for
reading within a worklist, in addition to any other pre-existing formal or informal methods of study prioritization in
place. Specifically, it does not remove cases from a reading queue and operates in parallel to the standard of care.
This device is not intended to replace the usual methods of communication and transfer of information in the
current standard of care.
Comparison of Technological Characteristics

Both subject and predicate device use automatic data identification and transfer to send images from the local
hospital network to a remote server for image processing and analysis, i.e., via a DICOM router that automatically
identifies relevant images on a local IT Network and transfers them to a Backend Server using a DICOM compliant
communication protocol. The Backend Server software for each device has the same additional software
functionality that interacts with the image management architecture, including a notifier module.

Both subject and predicate device provide triage and notification of suspected ICH and LVO. In case of both devices,
the ICH analysis is optimized to identify findings of hyperdense volume in the parenchyma typically associated with
acute ICH; and the NCCT LVO suspicion uses the combined analysis of the ASPECTS and hyperdense vessel sign
(HDVS) algorithms. The algorithms do not externalize any internal segmentation, analysis, or intermediate outputs
used in determining if an ICH or LVO is present in the NCCT, nor does either algorithm mark the analyzed NCCT
image. Both devices support a mobile application that allows a user to receive push notifications, preview related
images, and view patient details associated with a series. The mobile application of both devices is subject to nondiagnostic viewing limitations and have a non-diagnostic warning on the image viewing screen.

Where subject device differs from the predicate is that Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke may also notify the user of a
suspected LVO or ICH via a web user interface, as an additional output. The unprocessed images are subjected to
rotation and resampling (pre-processing and registration) which do not alter the original imaging in relation to aid
for diagnostic. Identically to the predicate, the notified clinicians are responsible for viewing non-compressed
images on a diagnostic viewer and engaging in appropriate patient evaluation and relevant discussion with a
treating physician before making care-related decisions or requests. Therefore, the technical differences in how the
notification may be sent to the user between the proposed and predicate devices do not raise different questions
of safety and effectiveness. The predicate device offers two additional channels of notification via email and PACS,
which the subject device does not, and therefore, the risks associated with these are not applicable to the subject
device.

The below table summarizes and compares data on the Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke device, the subject of this filing,
with the Rapid NCCT Stroke device (K222884).

 Characteristic/Parameter    Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke                 iSchemaView Rapid NCCT Stroke
                             Subject Device (K232496)                      Predicate Device (K222884)
 Product Code            QAS                                QAS
 Regulation               21 C.F.R. §892.2080                        21 C.F.R. §892.2080


RCD-42-155-3

Brainomix Limited
                                                                                                                     First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                             Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


 Indications for Use          Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke is a radiological     Rapid NCCT Stroke is a radiological
                          computer aided triage and notification         computer aided triage and notification
                            software indicated for use in the analysis of     software indicated for use in the analysis
                             non-contrast head CT (NCCT) images to assist    of (1) nonenhanced head CT (NCCT)
                               hospital networks and trained clinicians in       images. The device is intended to assist
                           workflow triage by flagging and                  hospital networks and trained clinicians in
                          communicating suspected positive findings of   workflow triage by flagging and
                         head NCCT images for large vessel occlusion     communicating suspected positive findings
                            (LVO) of the intracranial ICA and M1 and         of (1) head CT images for Intracranial
                                 intracranial hemorrhage (ICH). Specifically, the  Hemorrhage (ICH) and (2) NCCT large
                             device is intended to be used for the triage of    vessel occlusion (LVO) of the ICA and MCAimages acquired from adult patients in the     M1.
                            acute setting, within 24 hours of the onset of                                                                        Rapid NCCT Stroke uses an artificial                            the acute symptoms, or where this is unclear,                                                                                    intelligence algorithm to analyze images                               since last known well (LKW) time. It is not                                                                and highlight cases with detected (1) ICH                            intended to detect isolated subarachnoid                                                                           or (2) NCCT LVO on the Rapid server on                         hemorrhage and symmetrical bilateral MCA                                                                      premise or in the cloud in parallel to the                                occlusions.                                                                      ongoing standard of care image
                            Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke uses an artificial     interpretation. The user is presented with
                                 intelligence algorithm to analyze images and     notifications for cases with suspected ICH
                                highlight cases with detected NCCT LVO or ICH   or LVO findings via PACS, email or mobile
                        on the Brainomix server on premise or in the     device. Notifications include compressed
                             cloud in parallel to the ongoing standard of      preview images that are meant for
                             care image interpretation. The user is            informational purposes only, and are not
                            presented with notifications for cases with      intended for diagnostic use beyond
                            suspected LVO or ICH findings via a web user     notification.
                                interface or mobile application. Notifications                                                                  The device does not alter the original                              include compressed preview images that are                                                                         medical image, and it is not intended to be                        meant for informational purposes only and are                                                                    used as a primary diagnostic device. The                            not intended for diagnostic use beyond                                                                                     results of Rapid NCCT Stroke are intended                                  notification.                                                                            to be used in conjunction with other
                         The device does not alter the original medical    patient information and based on
                            image, and it is not intended to be used as a     professional judgment to assist with
                            primary diagnostic device. The results of          triage/prioritization of medical images.
                            Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke are intended to     Notified clinicians are ultimately
                         be used in conjunction with other patient        responsible for reviewing full images per
                             information and based on professional          the standard of care. Rapid NCCT Stroke is
                          judgment to assist with triage/prioritization of   for Adults only.
                            medical images. Notified clinicians are                                                                              Cautions:                               ultimately responsible for reviewing full
                           images per the standard of care.               •  All patients should get adequate care
                                                                                       for their symptoms including CTA or                              Cautions:                                                    MRA and/or other appropriate care per
                            •  All patients should get adequate care for        the standard clinical practice,
                                    their symptoms, including angiography           irrespective of the device output.
                              and/or other appropriate care per the        • The device is not intended to be a rulestandard clinical practice, irrespective of the     out device and for cases that have been
                              output of Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke.          processed by the device without
                            • Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke is not intended      notification for “Suspected LVO” should
                                to be a rule-out device and for cases that        not be viewed as indicating that LVO is
                            have been processed by the device without      excluded. All cases should undergo CTA
                                    notification for “Suspected LVO” should not     or MRA, per the standard stroke
                           be viewed as indicating that LVO is             workup.
                                excluded. All cases should undergo
RCD-42-155-3

Brainomix Limited
                                                                                                                     First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                             Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


                               angiography, per the standard stroke          Limitations:
                             workup.                                                                        • Rapid NCCT Stroke does not replace the
                                Limitations:                                need for CTA in ischemic stroke workup,
                                                                                                                         it provides workflow prioritization and                            • Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke is not intended                                                                                       notification only.                                   for mobile diagnostic use. Images viewed
                                                                        • Rapid ICH has been shown to reliably                          on a mobile platform are compressed
                                                                                        identify hemorrhages of ≥ 0.4ml.                              preview images and not for diagnostic
                                   interpretation.                               Contraindications/Exclusions/Cautions:
                            • Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke does not                                                                        •  Patient Motion: excessive motion                                replace the need for CTA in ischemic stroke                                                                                 leading to artifacts that make the scan                           workup - it provides workflow prioritization                                                                                      technically inadequate.                           and notification only.
                                                                        • Hemorrhagic Transformation,                            • Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke has been                                                            Hematoma                                 validated and is intended to be used on
                              Siemens, GE and Philips scanners.            Very thin or no Ventricles
                            • Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke is not intended
                                to be used on patients with recent (within 6
                             weeks) neurosurgery or endovascular
                                neurointervention or recent (within 4
                             weeks) previous diagnosis of stroke.
                            • Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke is not intended
                                to detect isolated subarachnoid
                            hemorrhage and symmetrical bilateral MCA
                                  occlusions.
                               Contraindications:
                            Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke is not suitable for
                           use with scan data containing image features
                              associated with:
                            •  tumors or abscesses
                            •  coils, shunts, embolization or movement
                                       artifacts
                            Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke is not intended to
                         be used for analyzing CT images in intracranial
                               vascular pathologies such as arterial
                           aneurysms, arteriovenous malformations or
                          venous thrombosis.
 Environment of use           Clinical/Hospital environment                     Clinical/Hospital environment
 User                           Clinician                                            Clinician
 Anatomical Region        Head                                  Head
 Input Data              NCCT (ICH and LVO)                      NCCT (ICH and LVO)
 Technical Implementation   AI/ML/Neural Network                       AI/ML/Neural Network
 Diagnostic application        Notification-only                                 Notification-only
 Results of image analysis     Internal, no image marking                        Internal, no image marking
 Segmentation of ROI       The device does not highlight or direct user’s    The device does not highlight or direct
                              attention to a specific location in the image      user’s attention to a specific location in the
                                         file                                      image file
 Notification Display         PACS, email and mobile device            Web user interface and mobile device
 Preview Images             Presentation of a preview of the study for       Presentation of a preview of the study for
                                        initial assessment not meant for diagnostic        initial assessment not meant for diagnostic
                             purposes.                                    purposes.

RCD-42-155-3

Brainomix Limited
                                                                                                                     First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                             Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


                         The device operates in parallel with the        The device operates in parallel with the
                            standard of care.                             standard of care.
 Annotation / Localization    Device does not mark, highlight, or direct        Device does not mark, highlight, or direct
                                users’ attention to a specific location in the       users’ attention to a specific location in the
                                  original image                                      original image
 Results of Image Analysis     Internal, no image marking                        Internal, no image marking
 Prioritization Notification    Yes                                         Yes
 Clinical SoC Workflow        In parallel to                                       In parallel to
 Technical Pipeline        Two cascaded functions (ICH then LVO) using   Two cascaded functions (ICH then LVO)
                             three integrated algorithms                     using three integrated algorithms
 Removal of Cases from     No                                No
 SoC review

Performance Data

A retrospective study was conducted with the primary endpoint of assessing the performance of Brainomix 360
Triage Stroke in identifying NCCT head images containing intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) or large vessel occlusion
(LVO) findings in 267 cases (ICH positive: 40 cases; LVO positive: 112 cases; Negative for ICH or LVO: 115; excluded:
3 cases due to technical inadequacy). ICH positive cases were previously truthed using NCCT imaging with additional
clinical information as described in the standalone study for our previously cleared device, Brainomix 360 Triage
ICH (K231195). The LVO positive and negative cases were truthed using acute CTA imaging and additional clinical
information by consensus of three experienced US board certified neuroradiologists.

Sensitivity and specificity exceeded the pre-specified performance goals for ICH and NCCT LVO. Specifically, ICH
performance was observed at 92.5% sensitivity (95% CI: 80.97-98.36%) and 87.22% specificity (CI: 82.39-91.18%).
These results were consistent with the Triage ICH standalone module performance (K231195). NCCT LVO
performance was observed at 68.75% sensitivity (CI: 59.71-76.90%) and 89.57% specificity (CI: 82.92-94.36%).

In addition, a reader study was conducted to compare NCCT LVO sensitivity of the device to that of radiologists.
Secondary endpoints of expert non-inferiority and non-expert superiority were used. Triage Stroke passed both
conditions, with a sensitivity for all readers (experts and non-experts) of 47.94% (CI: 37.91-57.97%). The difference
between the device’s sensitivity and that of all readers was 20.52% (CI: 8.26-32.78%). The general radiologists (nonexperts) performed with a sensitivity of 47.18% (CI: 33.62-60.75%). The difference between the device and nonexpert sensitivity was 21.28% (CI: 5.84-36.72%).

The Triage Stroke time-to-notification analysis includes three steps: (1) the time taken to transfer the image for
DICOM transfer, (2) the device processing time, and (3) the time taken to deliver a notification after processing.
The combined time-to-notification was compared to an acceptability criterion of 3.5 minutes. The minimum and
maximum estimates for each of the three steps was assessed and combined to create a range of expected values
for the total time-to-notification. The results were a minimum expected time-to-notification of 62 seconds, and a
maximum of 134 seconds. This met the acceptability criterion of time-to-notification of under 3.5 minutes.

Performance across subgroups

Subgroup analyses were conducted for the LVO indication (the ICH algorithm is the same as the device cleared
under K231195). The analyses assessed performance across age, gender, slice thickness and scanner manufacturer
subgroups.
      Metrics           21 < Age < 50           50 ≤ Age < 70            Age ≥ 70
   Total Positives            13                    39                    60

RCD-42-155-3

Brainomix Limited
                                                                                                                     First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                             Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


     Sensitivity       84.62% (58.59-97.46)     74.36% (59.09-86.41)     61.67% (48.93-73.39)
     Specificity       94.74% (77.09-99.67)     89.09% (78.7-95.74)      87.8% (75.07-95.75)

      Metrics                   Female                          Male
   Total Positives                  48                               64
      Sensitivity             75.0% (61.4-85.89)                 64.06% (51.78-75.19)
      Specificity            88.14% (77.94-94.92)                91.07% (81.32-96.95)

       Metrics              Slice Thickness     1 mm ≤ Slice Thickness         Slice Thickness
                          < 1 mm               < 3 mm                ≥ 3 mm
   Total Positives            44                   25                    42
      Sensitivity       61.36% (46.46-74.93)      76.0% (56.8-90.0)       71.43% (56.52-83.7)
      Specificity       87.76% (76.29-95.19)    96.67% (84.74-99.79)     86.11% (71.95-95.11)

      Metrics            SIEMENS        GE MEDICAL SYSTEMS             Philips

   Total Positives            48                    33                    27
     Sensitivity        62.5% (48.25-75.4)      69.7% (52.68-83.68)     77.78% (59.56-90.82)
      Specificity       88.24% (77.15-95.39)     83.87% (67.93-94.24)     96.97% (86.02-99.81)


Additional subgroup  analysis  is reported  in the  labeling.  In summary, the performance  validation data
demonstrated that the proposed device provides accurate detection of acute ICH and LVO under a range of clinically
relevant variables associated with the intended use of the software. The notification functionality of the device also
met the acceptability criterion.
Prescriptive Statement

Caution: Federal law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.
Safety and Effectiveness

Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke has been designed, verified and validated in compliance with 21 CFR Part 820.30
requirements. The device has been designed to meet the requirements associated with EN ISO 14971:2019 for risk
management and the software development process conforms to IEC 62304:2015. The performance of Brainomix
360 Triage Stroke has been validated through retrospective case data based on expert reader truthing of the data
and reader testing.
Substantial Equivalence Discussion

The subject device includes similar features as compared to the predicate device. Both devices have substantially
equivalent indications for use, technical approaches and roles within a clinical workflow relative to triage and
notification. Both devices are intended to automatically process and analyze non-contrast CT scans to provide a
notification to users in case of a suspected LVO or ICH being identified. The subject device does not introduce any
new risks when compared to the predicate and both include similar mitigation strategies for reducing the risk of off
label use of preview images which are shared via mobile. Compared to the predicate device, the subject device

RCD-42-155-3

Brainomix Limited
                                                                                                                     First Floor, Seacourt Tower, West Way
                                                                                             Oxford OX2 0JJ, United Kingdom


offers one additional channel of notification (web user interface), while the predicate offers notification via email
and PACS, which the subject device does not.
Conclusion

In conclusion, Brainomix 360 Triage Stroke has the same intended use and  is substantially equivalent in
technological characteristics, safety, and performance characteristics to the legally marketed predicate device,
Rapid NCCT Stroke (K222884).


RCD-42-155-3