December 15, 2023
VideaHealth, Inc.
℅ Adam Foresman
Director of Quality & Regulatory Affairs
179 South Street Floor 5
BOSTON, MA 02111


Re: K232384
    Trade/Device Name: Videa Dental Assist
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2070
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Analyzer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MYN
    Dated: July 31, 2023
    Received: August 8, 2023


Dear Adam Foresman:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K232384 - Adam Foresman                                                            Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                      Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K232384

Device Name
Videa Dental Assist


Indications for Use (Describe)
Videa Dental Assist is a computer-assisted detection (CADe) device that analyzes intraoral radiographs to identify and
localize the following features. Videa Dental Assist is indicated for the review of bitewing, periapical, and panoramic
radiographs acquired from patients aged 3 years or older.
Suspected Dental Findings:
● Caries
● Attrition
● Broken/Chipped Tooth
● Restorative Imperfections
● Pulp Stones
● Dens Invaginatus
● Periapical Radiolucency
● Widened Periodontal Ligament
● Furcation
● Calculus

Historical Treatments:
● Crown
● Filling
● Bridge
● Post and Core
● Root Canal
● Endosteal Implant
● Implant Abutment
● Bonded Orthodontic Retainer
● Braces

Normal Anatomy:
● Maxillary Sinus
● Maxillary Tuberosity
● Mental Foramen
● Mandibular Canal
● Inferior Border of the Mandible
● Mandibular Tori
● Mandibular Condyle
● Developing Teeth
● Erupting Teeth
● Non-matured Erupted Teeth
● Exfoliating Teeth
● Impacted Teeth
● Crowding Teeth
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 2                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                     This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
       The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
          of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                      Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 2 of 2

K232384

510(k) Summary                                                           Page 1 of 15


In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87(h) and 21 CFR 807.92 the 510(k) Summary for the Videa
Dental Assist device is provided below.


1.       SUBMITTER

Applicant:                   VideaHealth, Inc.
                         179 South Street, Floor 5
                            Boston, MA, 02111
                        +1 617-340-9940
                              florian@videa.ai

Contact & Submission     Adam Foresman
Correspondent:               Director of Quality & Regulatory Affairs
                            VideaHealth, Inc.
                       +1 617-340-9940
                          adam@videa.ai

Date Prepared:               July 31, 2023


2.       DEVICE

Device Trade Name:        Videa Dental Assist

Device Common Name:     Dental AI System


Classification Name:        Medical Image Analyzer

Classification Regulation    21 CFR 892.2070
Number:

Device Class:             2

Product Code:        MYN


PREDICATE DEVICE

Device Trade Name:        Videa Caries Assist

Device Common Name:     Dental AI System


Classification Name:        Medical Image Analyzer

510(k) Summary                                                           Page 2 of 15


Classification Regulation    21 CFR 892.2070
Number:

Device Class:             2

Product Code:        MYN


3.       PREDICATE DEVICE

Predicate Device:  K213795 VideaHealth’s Videa Caries Assist (VCA)


4.       DEVICE DESCRIPTION
Videa Dental Assist (VDA) software is a cloud-based AI-powered medical device for the
automatic detection of the features listed in the Indications For Use statement in dental
radiographs. The device itself is available as a service via an API (Application Programming
Interface) behind a firewalled network. Provided proper authentication and an eligible bitewing,
periapical or panoramic image, the device returns a set of bounding boxes representing the
suspect dental finding, historical treatment or normal anatomy detected.
VDA is accessed by the dental practitioner through their dental image viewer. From within the
dental viewer the user can upload a radiograph to VDA and then review the results. The device
outputs a binary indication to identify the presence or absence of findings for each indication. If
findings are present the device outputs the number of findings by finding type and the
coordinates of the bounding boxes for each finding. If no findings are present the device outputs
a clear indication that there are no findings identified for each indication. The device output will
show all findings from one radiograph regardless of the number of teeth present.
The intended users of Videa Dental Assist are trained dental professionals such as dentists and
dental hygienists. For the suspect dental findings indications specifically, VDA is intended to be
used as an adjunct tool and should not replace a dentist’s review of the image. Only dentists that
are performing diagnostic activities shall use the suspect dental finding indications.
VDA should not be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or solely relied upon to make or
confirm a diagnosis. The system is to be used by trained dental professionals including, but not
limited to, dentists and dental hygienists.

Depending on the specific VDA indication for use, the intended patients of Videa Dental Assist
are patients 3 years of age and older above with primary, mixed and/or permanent dentition
undergoing routine dental visits or suspected of one of the suspected dental findings listed in the
VDA indications for use statement above. VDA may be used on eligible bitewing, periapical or
panoramic radiographs depending on the indication.

See Table 1 below for the specific patient age group and image modality that each VDA
indication for use is designed and tested to meet. VDA uses the images metadata to only show

510(k) Summary                                                           Page 3 of 15


the indications for the patient age and image modalities in scope as shown in Table 1. VDA will
not show any findings output for an indication for use that is outside of the patient age and
radiographic view scope.


Table 1: VDA Indications Scope by Patient Age and Image Modality Type

 Videa Dental Assist Indication           Patient Age in Scope   Radiographic View in
                                                         Scope

 Caries                              3 years and older        Bitewing and Periapical

 Attrition                             3 years and older        Bitewing and Periapical

 Broken/Chipped                      3 years and older        Bitewing and Periapical

 Restorative Imperfection                3 years and older        Bitewing and Periapical

 Pulp Stone                           12 years of age and      Bitewing and Periapical
                                            older with permanent
                                              dentition

 Dens Invaginatus                      3 years & older         Bitewing and Periapical

 Periapical Radiolucency                22 years of age and       Periapical only
                                            older with permanent
                                              dentition

 Furcation                            22 years of age and      Bitewing and Periapical
                                            older with permanent
                                              dentition

 Calculus                            3 years and older        Bitewing and Periapical

 Widened Periodontal Ligament          3 years and older        Bitewing and Periapical

 Historical Treatments: All Indications     3 years and older         All on Bitewing,
                                                                        Periapical and
                                                            Panoramic

                                    12 years and older        1. Impacted Tooth
 Normal Anatomy: All Indications                                       2. Mental Foramen
                                                                            3. Maxillary Tuberosity

                                               On Bitewing, Periapical
                                     & Panoramic

510(k) Summary                                                           Page 4 of 15


 Videa Dental Assist Indication           Patient Age in Scope   Radiographic View in
                                                         Scope

                                    3 years and older         All other indications are
                                                         on Bitewing, Periapical
                                     & Panoramic except:

                                                                 1.‘Mandibular Condyle’
                                        VDA normal anatomy
                                                                        indication is only on
                                                            Panoramic images.


5.       INTENDED USE/INDICATIONS FOR USE
Videa Dental Assist is a computer-assisted detection (CADe) device that analyzes intraoral
radiographs to identify and localize the following features. Videa Dental Assist is indicated for
the review of bitewing, periapical, and panoramic radiographs acquired from patients aged 3
years or older.

       Suspected Dental Findings:
       ●  Caries
       ●  Attrition
       ●  Broken/Chipped Tooth
       ●  Restorative Imperfections
       ●  Pulp Stones
       ●  Dens Invaginatus
       ●  Periapical Radiolucency
       ●  Widened Periodontal Ligament
       ●  Furcation
       ●  Calculus

        Historical Treatments:
       ●  Crown
       ●  Filling
       ●  Bridge
       ●  Post and Core
       ●  Root Canal
       ●  Endosteal Implant
       ●  Implant Abutment
       ●  Bonded Orthodontic Retainer
       ●  Braces

510(k) Summary                                                           Page 5 of 15


      Normal Anatomy:
       ●  Maxillary Sinus
       ●  Maxillary Tuberosity
       ●  Mental Foramen
       ●  Mandibular Canal
       ●  Inferior Border of the Mandible
       ●  Mandibular Tori
       ●  Mandibular Condyle
       ●  Developing Tooth
       ●  Erupting Teeth
       ●  Non-matured Erupted Teeth
       ●  Exfoliating Teeth
       ●  Impacted Teeth
       ●  Crowding Teeth


6.       SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE

Comparison of Indications
Videa Dental Assist is an expansion of the design input scope of Videa Caries Assist. Videa
Dental Assist and Videa Caries Assist both analyze dental radiographs and highlight regions of
interest in an image viewer. For the VDA suspect dental finding indications, both devices are
only intended as an aid to the trained professional and are not intended to replace the diagnosis
by the physician. Both devices are intended to assist dental professionals by identifying caries
regions of interest. Videa Dental Assist’s Indication For Use includes additional description on
the output of the device which is not a safety or efficacy concern.
Videa Dental Assist contains historical treatment and normal anatomy indications whereas Videa
Caries Assist does not. These indications are not intended to be diagnostic aides. They are used
for general understanding of features present in a radiograph and to assist the dental practice in
patient operations management. These Videa Dental Assist indications do not assess quality or
the need for treatment of these features. Therefore for these Videa Dental Assist indications,
dental professionals are included in the intended user scope whereas Videa Caries Assist is
limited to dentists as the intended user.
The difference in patient ages does not constitute a safety or efficacy concern. Videa Dental
Assist artificial intelligence algorithms were trained with that patient population and VideaHealth
followed the pediatric medical device guidance document among other standards and guidance
documents listed in Section 7 below in the design process. Videa Dental Assist testing has
shown to be safe and effective for patients between 3 and 21 years of age with primary, mixed or
permanent dentition in the image.
The difference in radiographic views does not constitute a safety or efficacy concern. Videa
Dental Assist artificial intelligence algorithms were trained with bitewing, periapical and
panoramic radiographs. Videa Dental Assist testing has shown to be safe and effective for
bitewing, periapical and panoramic radiographs. Additionally panoramic radiographs are only

510(k) Summary                                                           Page 6 of 15


intended to be used on historical treatment and normal anatomy indications which are not
diagnostic aides.

Technological Comparisons
Table 2 compares the key technological feature of the subject devices to the predicate device
(Videa Caries Assist, K213795).


Table 2:       Device Comparison Table

                           Proposed Device              Predicate Device

510(k) Number          TBD                     K213795

Applicant                     VideaHealth, Inc.              VideaHealth, Inc.

Device Name                 Videa Dental Assist            Videa Caries Assist

Classification Regulation      892.2070                    892.2070

Product Code          MYN              MYN

Image Modality            X-Ray                    X-Ray

Radiograph View Type        Bitewing Images, Periapical    Bitewing Images
                              Images, and Panoramic
                              Images.


                             Radiograph view type scope is
                             Videa Dental Assist indication
                                    specific.

Suspect Dental Findings       Caries: Active and Secondary   Caries: Active and Secondary
Indications                    Caries at all penetration depths  Caries at all penetration
                                                                 depths.
                               Additional Suspect Dental
                              Findings listed in the Videa
                              Dental Assist’s Indications For
                          Use statement.

Historical Treatment and      Included                    Not Included
Normal Anatomy
Indications

510(k) Summary                                                           Page 7 of 15


                           Proposed Device              Predicate Device

Tooth Surface                For the caries indication only:   Caries: Proximal,
                               Proximal, Buccal/Lingual,      Buccal/Lingual, Occlusal,
                                Occlusal, Root, Cervical.       Root, Cervical.


                         None of the additional VDA
                               ‘Suspect Dental Finding’
                                 indications are specific to a
                                tooth surface.

Clinical Output            Message indicating if and    Message indicating if and
                     how many findings were    how many carious lesions
                              detected for each enabled    were detected.
                          Videa Dental Assist’s
                               indication for use.                                                          Set of togglable bounding
                                                     boxes around suspected
                             All Videa Dental Assist’s      lesions.
                               indications use a set of
                              togglable bounding boxes
                           around suspected areas of
                                   interest.

Patient Population             Patients ≥3 years of age.       Adults ≥22 years of age

                                  Patient age range is Videa
                              Dental Assist indication
                                    specific.

Intended User               Dental professionals      US licensed dentists

Development Technology     Supervised Deep Learning    Supervised Deep Learning

Image Source             X-Ray Sensor            X-Ray Sensor

Image Viewing              Image Viewer               Image Viewer

510(k) Summary                                                           Page 8 of 15

7.      PERFORMANCE DATA

Biocompatibility, Sterilization, and Reprocessing
Not applicable. The subject device is a software-only device. There are no direct or indirect
patient-contacting components of the subject device. There are no sterile or reprocessed
components.

Electrical Safety and Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC)
Not applicable. The subject device is a software-only device.  It contains no electric
components, generates no electrical emissions, and uses no electrical energy of any type.

Software Verification and Validation Testing
Software verification and validation testing were conducted and documentation was provided as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.” The software for this
device was considered as a moderate level of concern.
Among others, the following standards and guidance documents were used during the Videa
Dental Assist design, development, and testing.
  ●  ISO 14971:2019 Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices.
  ● AAMI CR34971:2022 Guidance on the Application of ISO 14971 to Artificial
        Intelligence and Machine Learning
  ●  IEC 62304 Edition 1.1 2015-06 Consolidated Version: Medical Device Software -
       Software Life Cycle Processes
  ●  Good Machine Learning Practice for Medical Device Development: Guiding Principles
       October 2021.
  ● FDA Premarket Assessment of Pediatric Medical Devices Guidance Document (March
       24, 2014)

Bench Testing
A Standalone Performance Assessment was conducted to measure and report the performance of
Videa Dental Assist by itself, in the absence of any interaction with a dental professional in
identifying the regions of interest for that specific indication. All suspect dental finding,
historical treatment and normal anatomy VDA indications were in scope. The dataset was 1,445
radiographs collected from more than 35 US sites that were ground-truthed by three US
board-certified dentists. The patients in the dataset were 18% female and 17% male, 16% other
and 48% unknown. There were N=17 sensor manufacturers in the study and 8 sensor
manufacturers had enough samples to perform generalizability statistical analysis on. Those
image sensors were: AirTechniques, Carestream, Dexis, Gendex, Kavo, Schick, PaloDex Group,
and Sirona. Tables 3 and 4 describe the distribution of the study for the two significant design
input expansions between Videa Dental Assist and the predicate Videa Caries Assist; patient age
and radiographic view.

510(k) Summary                                                           Page 9 of 15


Table 3: Demographic breakdown by age

  Subject Age     Percentage
  (Years)

  3 - 11         13%

  12 - 21        15%

  22 - 40        19%

  41 - 60        19%

  61 and older    16%

  Unknown      18%

All images, regardless of patient age, were classified as being primary dentition only, mixed
dentition and permanent dentition only.


Table 4: Image breakdown by radiographic view

  Radiographic    Percentage
  View

  Bitewing       45%

  Periapical      43%

  Panoramic      12%


Tables 5, 6 and 7 contain the sensitivity and specificity for all Videa Dental Assist indications
from the bench study. All of these sensitivity and specificity results met their acceptance criteria.
All of VDA indications’ standalone performance was assessed against the following potential
patient, device input and image confounders: age, gender, image dentition type, radiograph view
type, image quality, imaging sensor manufacturer, bit-depth, image size, and image clinic
acquisition location among others.
Additionally VDA indication-specific standalone performance was assessed against the
following potential subject and image confounders:
  ●  Caries type, severity, location and specific tooth dentition type
  ●  Periapical radiolucency type
  ●  Crown material type
  ●  Filling material type
  ●  Onlay or inlay material type
  ●  Bridge material type
  ●  Root canal material type

510(k) Summary                                                          Page 10 of 15


The bench study results were:
  ●  All VDA historical treatment and normal anatomy indications that were included in the
        indications for use statement above met their sensitivity and specificity acceptance
         criteria. All specificity values for all historical treatment and normal anatomy indications
      were above their acceptance criteria regardless of their prevalence rates.
  ●  All VDA suspect dental findings indications met their sensitivity and specificity
       acceptance criteria with the exception of caries specificity. Caries specificity was the
       only to not pass the target however performed well enough to still pass the clinical study


Additional statistical analysis were performed for each VDA indication including the VDA’s
false positive fraction rate, non-lesion fraction, and positive predictive value.


Generalizability was observed for all confounders and warnings and limitations were listed in the
Instructions For Use where necessary. The generalizability analysis results and related
information including a list of types (such as material types) are in the Videa Dental Assist
Instructions For Use for users.

Animal Testing
Not applicable. Animal studies are not necessary to establish the substantial equivalence.

Clinical Testing
A fully crossed, randomized, multiple reader multiple case (MRMC) controlled study was
performed to determine whether the diagnostic accuracy of readers aided by VDA is superior to
reader accuracy when unaided by VDA, as determined by the AFROC Figure of Merit (AFROC
FOM). The hypothesis to be tested is:

   H0: AFROC FOMaided - AFROC FOMunaided ≤0
   H1: AFROC FOMaided - AFROC FOMunaided > 0

where AFROC FOMaidedis the population-mean AFROC FOM for aided reads, and similarly
with AFROC FOMunaided for unaided reads.


All suspect dental finding VDA indications were in scope of the clinical test. Clinical testing
was performed on 378 radiographs collected from over 25 US locations spread across the
country. US licensed dentists labeled the data and a US licensed dentist adjudicated those labels
to establish a reference standard for the study.
There were N=26 readers that participated in the study and reviewed all images with and without
VDA AI predictions in a randomized fashion.
The patients in the dataset were 24% female and 21% male, 15% other and 39% unknown.
There were N=6 sensor manufacturers that had enough samples to perform generalizability
statistical analysis on. Those image sensor manufacturers were: AirTechniques, Carestream,
Dexis, Gendex, Kavo, and Schick. Tables 5 and 6 describe the distribution of the study for the

510(k) Summary                                                          Page 11 of 15


two significant design input expansions between Videa Dental Assist and the predicate Videa
Caries Assist; patient age and radiographic view.


Table 5: Demographic breakdown by age

  Subject Age     Percentage
  (Years)

  3 - 11         28%

  12 - 21        20%

  22 - 40        14%

  41 - 60        14%

  61 and older    8%

  Unknown      15%

All images, regardless of patient age, were classified as being primary dentition only, mixed
dentition and permanent dentition only.


Table 6: Image breakdown by radiographic view

  Radiographic    Percentage
  View

  Bitewing       56%

  Periapical      44%

  Panoramic       N/A. Not in
                    scope.


Table 7 contains the AFROC FOM results for all Videa Dental Assist indications in the clinical
study. All of these results met their acceptance criteria.

Table 7: Clinical Performance Metrics of VDA by radiographic view type and line type.

 Videa Dental Assist         Average Percentage Improvement With VDA
 Indication              (VDA Aided vs. Unaided Mean AFROC FOM)

                                0.171
 Attrition
                              (28.5% improvement; p-value 3.3e-16)

 Broken or Chipped              0.105
                              (15.3% improvement; p-value 1.5e-11)

510(k) Summary                                                          Page 12 of 15


 Videa Dental Assist         Average Percentage Improvement With VDA
 Indication              (VDA Aided vs. Unaided Mean AFROC FOM)

 Calculus                        0.163
                              (23.0% improvement; p-value e-12)

 Caries                          0.024
                              (4.3% improvement; p-value 0.0085)

 Dens Invaginatus                0.236
                              (36.8% improvement; p-value 1.9e-9)

 Furcation                       0.199
                              (29.7% improvement; p-value 0.00057)

 Periapical Radiolucency          0.092
                              (11.5% improvement;
                                  p-value 0.0072)

 Pulp Stone                      0.211
                              (35.4% improvement;
                                  p-value 2.2e-16)

 Restorative Imperfection         0.164
                              (27.9% improvement p-value of <1e-16)

 Widened Periodontal Ligament    0.141
                              (28.4% improvement; p-value of 9.6e-13)

 Historical Treatments:          Not applicable.
 All Indications                Not a clinical diagnostic aide.

 Normal Anatomy:              Not applicable.
 All Indications                Not a clinical diagnostic aide.


All of VDA indications’ clinical performance was assessed against the following potential
patient, device input and image confounders among others: age, sex, clinician experience level in
years of practice, image dentition type, radiograph view type, image quality, imaging sensor
manufacturer, bit-depth, image size, and image clinic acquisition location.
Additionally VDA indication-specific clinical performance was assessed against the following
potential lesion and image confounders:
  ●  Caries type, severity, location and tooth dentition type
  ●  ‘Periapical Radiolucency’ type
Additional statistical analysis were performed for each VDA indication including the VDA
stand-alone Alternative Free-response Receiver Operating Characteristic Figure of Merit
(AFROC FOM), false positive fraction rate, non-lesion fraction, and positive predictive value.

510(k) Summary                                                          Page 13 of 15


Because multiple indications were being tested in parallel, VideaHealth performed a multiple
endpoint statistical analysis using the FDA’s Multiple Endpoints in Clinical Trials Guidance for
Industry (October 2022). Per the guidance, this minimizes the chances of a falsely favorable
conclusion for any primary endpoint due to Type 1 error, regardless of which and how many of
these endpoints in the study have no effect. VideaHealth performed a Holms analysis according
to the FDA guidance document and determined that this Type 1 error risk across all VDA suspect
dental finding indications is acceptable. A Type 1 error of 0.05 was used for this analysis (I.E.
the probability of falsely finding a favorable effect on at least one primary endpoint (VDA
indication) is approximately 0.05). The VDA suspect dental findings indications were verified
as being independent for this analysis.


Generalizability was observed for all confounders and warnings and limitations were listed in the
Instructions For Use where necessary. The clinical testing confirmed that the patient age ranges
listed above are appropriate. The generalizability analysis results and related information are in
the Videa Dental Assist Instructions For Use for users.


The primary device expansions of VDA over the predicate VCA include adding periapical
radiographs and the pediatric patient population. The AFROC analysis for those two device
expansions are provided below. These analyses are reference only, therefore no p-values are
provided. These tables were a part of the generalizability assessment, but not the primary
acceptance criteria, portion of the clinical study.


AFROC Scores On Periapical Radiographs

VDA Suspect      Average Percentage Improvement With VDA
Dental Finding    (VDA Aided vs. Unaided Mean AFROC FOM)
Indication

                   0.157
Attrition          (25.9% improvement)

Broken/Chipped    0.075
Tooth            (10.4% improvement)

                   0.207
Calculus          (31.1% improvement)

                   0.031
Caries            (5.0% improvement)

                   0.216
Dens Invaginatus   (34.2% improvement)

                   0.187
Furcation         29.3% improvement)

510(k) Summary                                                          Page 14 of 15

VDA Suspect      Average Percentage Improvement With VDA
Dental Finding    (VDA Aided vs. Unaided Mean AFROC FOM)
Indication
                 N/A. See table above on the overall PRL indication level
Periapical            results. PRL is only applicable on periapical radiographs so
Radiolucency       there is no subgroup analysis to perform.

                   0.244
Pulp Stones       (39.8% improvement)

Restorative        0.167
Imperfections      (28.2% improvement)

                   0.120
Widened PDL     (24.4% improvement)


AFROC Scores On Pediatric Patients (Ages 3 to 21 Years of Age Unless Otherwise Noted)

                Average Percentage Improvement
VDA Suspect    With VDA
Dental Finding  (VDA Aided vs. Unaided Mean
Indication     AFROC FOM)                     Notes

                0.199
Attrition       (35.3% improvement)             None

Broken/Chipped 0.125
Tooth          (18.4% improvement)             None

                                                     Calculus is only intended for
                0.230                                   patients 12 years of age and
Calculus       (37.0% improvement)                   older.

                0.028
Caries         (5.2% improvement)              None

Dens           0.247
Invaginatus     (39.3% improvement)             None

                                                      Furcation is only intended for
                                                           patients 22 years of age and
Furcation      N/A                                      older.

                                                          Periapical radiolucency is only
Periapical                                            intended for patients 22 years
Radiolucency   N/A                                  of age and older.

510(k) Summary                                                          Page 15 of 15


                Average Percentage Improvement
VDA Suspect    With VDA
Dental Finding  (VDA Aided vs. Unaided Mean
Indication     AFROC FOM)                     Notes
                                                  Pulp Stones indication is only
                0.196                                intended for patients 12 years
Pulp Stones     (33.2% improvement)                 of age and older.

Restorative     0.231
Imperfections   (39.4% improvement)             None

                0.131
Widened PDL   (26.1% improvement)             None


No adverse events were observed during the clinical study.


Clinical testing demonstrated that the Videa Dental Assist meets performance requirements.

Conclusion
There are differences in design input scopes between Videa Dental Assist and Videa Caries
Assist namely the indications, patient population, and radiograph view types. As shown in the
Videa Dental Assist testing these differences do not raise different questions of safety and
efficacy. There are no significant differences between Videa Dental Assist and Videa Caries
Assist in the AI model training methodology or other technological differences that raise
different questions of safety and efficacy.


Although there are differences in the testing methodology (namely the use of an adjudicator in
addition to ground truthers for VDA that was not used for VCA to identify smaller or more
subtle findings), they do not raise different questions of safety and efficacy. The calculations
methodology for sensitivity, specificity, Alternative Free-response Receiver Operating
Characteristic Figure of Merit (AFROC FOM) and other statistical techniques are the same
between Videa Dental Assist and Videa Caries Assist. Both Videa Dental Assist and Videa
Caries Assist had the same clinical study acceptance criteria. The results of the bench testing
and clinical testing demonstrate that the performance of Videa Dental Assist is comparable to
that of Videa Caries Assist. Both Videa Dental Assist and Videa Caries Assist met their
acceptance criteria. Therefore, Videa Dental Assist can be found substantially equivalent to
Videa Caries Assist.