Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
℅ John Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells U.S. LLP
555 Thirteenth Street NW
WASHINGTON, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 20004


                                                                  October 30, 2023

Re: K232751
    Trade/Device Name:  BriefCase-Triage
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological Computer Aided Triage And Notification Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QAS
    Dated: September 8, 2023
    Received: September 8, 2023


Dear John Smith:


We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K232751 - John Smith                                                                 Page 2


If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.


Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).


Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.


Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.


For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-

K232751 - John Smith                                                                 Page 3


assistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).


                                                 Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES              Form  Approved: OMB  No.  0910-0120
                                                                                         Expiration Date: 06/30/2023                       Food and Drug Administration
                                                                   See PRA Statement below
                 Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)

 K232751
Device Name

BriefCase-Triage
Indications for Use (Describe)

BriefCase-Triage is a radiological computer-aided triage and notification software indicated for use in the analysis of
CTPA images in adults or transitional adolescents aged 18 and older. The device is intended to assist hospital
networks and appropriately trained medical specialists in workflow triage by flagging and communicating suspected
positive cases of Central Pulmonary Embolism (Central PE).

BriefCase-Triage uses an  artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with detected
findings in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is presented with notifications for
cases with suspected Central PE findings. Notifications include compressed preview images that are meant for
informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use beyond notification. The device does not alter the
original medical image and is not intended to be used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase-Triage are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information and based on
their professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified clinicians are responsible
for viewing full images per the standard of care.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
        ☒ Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)    ☐ Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including
          the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and
         complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any
          other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human
                                           Services Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                       Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                 information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                             Page 1 of 1                                           PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740 EF

510(k) Summary
                        Aidoc Medical, Ltd.’s BriefCase-Triage
                                   K232751

Submitter:

       Aidoc Medical, Ltd.
      3 Aminadav St.
        Tel-Aviv, Israel
      Phone:             +972-73-7946870

       Contact Person:      Amalia Schreier, LL.M.

      Date Prepared:       October 16, 2023

Name of Device:             BriefCase-Triage

Classification Name:         Radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software
                            device

Regulatory Class:          Class II

Product Code:          QAS (21 C.F.R. 892.2080)

Primary Predicate Device:   Rapid PE Triage and Notification (PETN) (K220499)

Reference Device:          BriefCase of Pulmonary Embolism (PE) (K222277)


Device Description

BriefCase-Triage is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification software device. The
software  is based on an algorithm programmed component and is intended to run on a linux-based
server in a cloud environment.

The BriefCase-Triage receives filtered DICOM images, and processes them chronologically by
running the algorithms on each series to detect suspected cases. Following the AI processing, the
output of the algorithm analysis is transferred to an image review software (desktop application). When
a suspected case is detected, the user receives a pop-up notification and is presented with a
compressed, low-quality, grayscale image that is captioned “not for diagnostic use, for prioritization
only” which is displayed as a preview function. This preview is meant for informational purposes only,
does  not  contain any marking  of  the  findings, and  is  not  intended  for  primary  diagnosis
beyond notification.

Presenting the users with worklist prioritization facilitates efficient triage by prompting the user to
assess the relevant original images in the PACS. Thus, the suspect case receives attention earlier
than would have been the case in the standard of care practice alone.

The algorithm was trained during software development on images of the pathology. As is customary
in the field of machine learning, deep learning algorithm development consisted of training on manually


                                      1

labeled (“tagged”) images. In that process, critical findings were tagged in all CTs in the training data
set.

Intended Use / Indications for Use

BriefCase-Triage is a radiological computer-aided triage and notification software indicated for use in
the analysis of CTPA images, in adults or transitional adolescents aged 18 and older. The device is
intended to assist hospital networks and appropriately trained medical specialists in workflow triage
by flagging and communicating suspected positive cases of Central Pulmonary Embolism (Central
PE).

BriefCase-Triage uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images and highlight cases with
detected findings in parallel to the ongoing standard of care image interpretation. The user is presented
with notifications for cases with suspected Central PE findings. Notifications include compressed
preview images that are meant for informational purposes only and not intended for diagnostic use
beyond notification. The device does not alter the original medical image and is not intended to be
used as a diagnostic device.

The results of BriefCase-Triage are intended to be used in conjunction with other patient information
and based on their professional judgment, to assist with triage/prioritization of medical images. Notified
clinicians are responsible for viewing full images per the standard of care.

Comparison of Technological Characteristics

The subject BriefCase-Triage of Central Pulmonary Embolism (Central PE) is substantially similar to
primary predicate Rapid PE Triage and Notification (PETN) (K220499) and is similar to reference
device BriefCase of Pulmonary Embolism (PE) (K222277), as explained below.

The subject, predicate and the reference devices are radiological computer-aided  triage and
notification software programs.  All devices are  artificial  intelligence,  deep-learning algorithms
incorporated in software packages for use with DICOM compliant CT scanners, PACS, and radiology
workstations. The subject and the reference devices differ in the fact the SW architecture was changed
to separate the image communication platform from the BriefCase-Triage SW. The subject device
consists of only the algorithm analysis module which can be integrated with image communication
platforms that meet the BriefCase-Triage input and output requirements.

All devices are intended to aid in triage and prioritization of radiological images and utilize the same
design of deep learning algorithm trained on medical images. All devices are intended to provide the
specialists with notifications and unannotated, compressed, low-quality, and grayscale preview
images of suspect studies for the purpose of preemptive triage.

The subject, predicate and reference devices raise the same types of safety and effectiveness
questions, namely, accurate triage of findings within the processed study. It is important to note that,
like the predicate and reference devices, the subject device neither removes cases from the standard
of care reading queue nor de-prioritizes cases. All devices operate in parallel with the standard of care,
which remains the default option for all cases. A table comparing the key features of the subject and
the primary predicate devices is provided below.


                                      2

Table 1. Key Feature Comparison

                        Predicate Device      Reference Device       Subject Device
                    Rapid PE Triage and   BriefCase-Triage for                                                              Aidoc BriefCaseNotification (PETN)       PE triage                                                                     Triage of Central
                          (K220499)                                               (K222277)           Pulmonary
                                                         Embolism (Central
                                                                   PE)

Intended   Use       /  Rapid PE Triage and  BriefCase is       a  BriefCase-Triage  is a
Indications for Use       Notification (PETN)  is   radiological  computer   radiological computera           radiological  aided    triage   and  aided    triage   and
                     computer aided triage   notification   software   notification   software
                    and         notification  indicated for use in the  indicated for use in the
                       software indicated for  analysis   of  CTPA  analysis   of  CTPA
                                                              images  in  adults  or                    use in the analysis of  images  in  adults  or
                                                                                   transitional                 CTPA  images.  The   transitional
                                                                     adolescents aged 18                       device  is intended to  adolescents aged 18
                                                            and older. The device                          assist          hospital  and older. The device
                                                                                            is intended  to  assist
                      networks and  trained   is     intended      to
                                                                             hospital networks and
                           clinicians  in workflow   assist hospital
                                                                           appropriately   trained
                          triage by flagging and  networks        and
                                                                    medical specialists  in
                     communication      of  appropriately   trained                                                                     workflow   triage  by
                      suspected     positive  medical  specialists in                                                                            flagging         and
                          findings   of   central  workflow         triage                                                                 communicating
                     pulmonary  embolism  by flagging      and                                                                  suspected     positive
                      (PE)   pathology    in  communication      of  cases    of    Central
                          adults. The software is  suspected     positive  Pulmonary  Embolism
                        only  intended  to  be   findings of Pulmonary  (Central PE).
                    used on single-energy  Embolism       (PE)
                     exams.                  pathologies.
                                                                       BriefCase-Triage uses
                                                            an artificial intelligence
                     Rapid PETN uses an  BriefCase    uses an  algorithm  to  analyze
                                 artificial    intelligence   artificial    intelligence  images and  highlight
                        algorithm  to  analyze  algorithm  to  analyze  cases  with  detected
                     images and  highlight  images and  highlight   findings  in parallel to
                     cases  with  detected  cases with   detected  the ongoing standard
                                                                                of     care    image                          findings on a server or   findings    on    a
                                                                                  interpretation.    The                       standalone   desktop  standalone   desktop
                                                                    user is presented with                         application  in  parallel   application  in  parallel
                                                                                  notifications for cases                           to     the    ongoing   to     the    ongoing
                                                                           with suspected Central
                       standard of care image  standard of      care
                                                  PE            findings.
                           interpretation.    The  image   interpretation.
                                                                                Notifications   include


                                     3

Predicate Device      Reference Device       Subject Device
Rapid PE Triage and   BriefCase-Triage for                                          Aidoc BriefCaseNotification (PETN)       PE triage                                               Triage of Central
     (K220499)                          (K222277)           Pulmonary
                                      Embolism (Central
                                               PE)

user is presented with  The user is presented  compressed  preview
notifications for cases  with notification     for  images that are meant
with       suspected  cases with suspected   for       informational
findings.  Notifications   findings.  Notifications  purposes only and not
include   compressed  include compressed     intended for diagnostic
preview  images  that  preview  images  that  use         beyond
                                                         notification.      Theare    meant      for  are
                                              device does not alterinformational purposes  meant for informationa
                                                the  original  medicalonly and not intended     l purposes  only and
                                         image  and   is   notfor   diagnostic   use  not    intended     for
                                              intended to be used as
beyond     notification.  diagnostic       use
                                        a diagnostic device.
The device does not  beyond notification. T
alter    the    original  he  device  does  not
medical image and is   alter    the    original  The     results     of
not  intended  to  be  medical image and is  BriefCase-Triage  are
used as a diagnostic  not  intended  to  be  intended to be used in
device.               used as a diagnostic  conjunction with other
                         device.                   patient information and
                                         based    on     their
The  results  of Rapid                           professional judgment,
PETN are intended to  The     results     of   to      assist     with
be used in conjunction  BriefCase         are   triage/prioritization  of
with   other    patient  intended to be used in  medical      images.
information and based  conjunction with other   Notified clinicians are
on  their  professional   patient information and  responsible for viewing
judgment,   to   assist  based    on     their   full  images  per  the
with                     professional judgment,  standard of care.
triage/prioritization   of   to      assist     with
medical      images.   triage/prioritization  of
Notified clinicians are  medical      images.
responsible for viewing   Notified clinicians are
full  images  per  the  responsible for viewing
standard    of    care.   full  images  per  the
Rapid   PETN      is  standard of care.
validated  for use on
GE,   Siemens   and
Toshiba scanners.


                  4

Predicate Device      Reference Device       Subject Device
                    Rapid PE Triage and   BriefCase-Triage for                                                              Aidoc BriefCaseNotification (PETN)       PE triage                                                                     Triage of Central
                          (K220499)                                               (K222277)           Pulmonary
                                                         Embolism (Central
                                                                   PE)

User population         Hospital networks and  Hospital networks and  Hospital networks and
                         trained clinicians         appropriately   trained  appropriately   trained
                                             medical specialists      medical specialists

Anatomical  region  of  Chest                Chest                Chest
interest

Data       acquisition  CTPA             CTPA             CTPA
protocol

Notification-only,      Yes                Yes                Yes
parallel workflow tool

Interference      with  No               No               No
standard workflow

Algorithm                    Artificial    intelligence   Artificial    intelligence   Artificial    intelligence
                        algorithm         with  algorithm         with  algorithm         with
                     database of images.    database of images.    database of images.

Structure                          -  The    Rapid        -  AHS  module        -   Integrated with
                      PETN module         (image               image  routing
                              operates within           acquisition);           module     via
                               the  integrated                             image                                                                     -  ACS  module
                            Rapid Platform                              communicatio                                                  (image
                          and uses  the                            n     platform                                                         processing);
                               basic services                                 (ICP)  (image
                                                                     -   Aidoc Desktop                               supplied by the                                      acquisition).
                                                          Application for                            Rapid Platform                                                                                                         -   Algorithm                                                     workflow                                 including                                                                   module (image                                                            integration                      DICOM                                                                              processing)                                                        (Feed/Worklist                               processing, job
                                                             (alternate               -   Integrated with                          management,
                                              names)   and         desktop                             imaging
                                                       non-diagnostic           application  for                          module
                                              Image                 workflow                              execution and
                                                        Viewer).                  integration                             imaging
                                                                                 (feed and non-                                 output.
                                                                                  diagnostic


                                     5

Predicate Device      Reference Device       Subject Device
                     Rapid PE Triage and   BriefCase-Triage for                                                               Aidoc BriefCaseNotification (PETN)       PE triage                                                                      Triage of Central
                           (K220499)                                                (K222277)           Pulmonary
                                                          Embolism (Central
                                                                    PE)

                                                                   Image
                                                                                 Viewer).


Performance Data

Pivotal Study Summary

Aidoc conducted a retrospective, blinded, multicenter, study with the BriefCase-Triage software to
evaluate the software’s performance in identifying CTPA images containing Central Pulmonary
Embolism (Central PE) in 328 cases from unique patients, from 6 US-based clinical sites. The study
compared the software’s performance to the ground truth, as determined by three senior boardcertified radiologists, using majority voting. The cases collected for the pivotal dataset were all distinct
in time or center from the cases used to train the algorithm.

Primary endpoints were  sensitivity and  specificity with an 80% performance goal. Secondary
endpoints were BriefCase-Triage time-to-notification compared to the predicate device. Positive
Predictive Value (PPV), Negative Predictive Value (NPV), Positive Likelihood Ratio (PLR), and
Negative Likelihood Ratio (NLR) were also assessed.

Primary Endpoint

Sensitivity and specificity exceeded the 80% performance goal. Sensitivity was 89.2% (95% CI: 82.5%,
93.9%) and specificity was 94.5% (95% CI: 90.3%, 97.2%).

Secondary Endpoint

In addition, the time-to-notification metric observed for the BriefCase-Triage software, when integrated
with a compatible image communication platform, was compared to the equivalent metric of the
predicate devices. The BriefCase-Triage time-to-notification includes the time to get the DICOM exam,
de-identify it, upload it to the cloud, analyze and send a notification on a positive suspect case back to
the desktop application.

The BriefCase-Triage time-to-notification was measured for all True Positive cases (i.e., identified as
positive both by the reviewers as well as the BriefCase-Triage device) and is given in Table 2 below.
The table also displays the same metric reported for the predicate Rapid PE Triage and Notification
(PETN).

The time-to-notification results obtained for the subject BriefCase-Triage device show comparability
with the primary predicate with regard to time savings to the standard of care review. The BriefCase-

                                      6

Triage mean time-to-notification for the subject Central PE triage was 29.3 seconds (95% CI: 26.8-
31.9). The time-to-notification for the predicate Rapid PE Triage and Notification (PETN) was 158.4
seconds (95% CI: 140.4-288).

     Table 2. Time-to- Notification Comparison for BriefCase-Triage and Predicate Devices
                                      (Seconds)


       Time -to-     N       Mean    95% Lower  95% Upper    Median      IQR
        notification               Estimate     CL       CL


         Predicate
        Rapid PE
        Triage and
         Notification     306        158.4        140.4        288        N/A        N/A
        (PETN)
       Processing
         Time


        BriefCaseTriage +
         Image
      Communicati     115         29.3         26.8         31.9         28.0         20.2
      on Platform
        Time-ToNotification


NPV was 99.2% (95% CI: 98.7%- 99.5%) and PPV was 52.9% (95% CI: 38.6%- 66.6%).

PLR was 16.1 (95% CI: 9.1- 28.7 and NLR was 0.1 (95% CI: 0.1- 0.2).

Thus, the reported similar time-to-notification data demonstrates that when using the subject
BriefCase-Triage for Central PE the clinician may have the same benefit in time saving as with the
predicate Rapid PE Triage and Notification (PETN).

As can be seen in Table 3 the mean age of patients whose scans were reviewed for Central PE was
60.3 years, with a standard deviation of 17.4 years. Gender distribution was 44.5% male, and 55.5%
female (Table 4). Scanner distribution can also be found in Table 5 below.

                          Table 3. Descriptive Statistics for Age


                     Mean     Std     Min   Median   Max    N

          Age (Years)     60.3     17.4     19      63      90      328


                                      7

Table 4. Frequency Distribution of Gender


                              Gender
  Ground
    Truth             Male                 Female                        All
   Results
             N      %        N      %        N      %

 Positive         65        19.8%        64        19.5%       129       39.3%

 Negative        117       35.7%        82        25.0%       199       60.6%

 All             182       55.5%       146       44.5%       328       100.0%


                     Table 5. Frequency Distribution of Manufacturer


        Manufacturer                N                %

              Philips                       99                       30.2%


   GE MEDICAL SYSTEMS                90                       27.4%


        SIEMENS                      78                       23.8%


        TOSHIBA                      61                       18.6%

             Total                       328                    100%


Clinical Subgroups and Confounders:

Pathologies present in negative cases: Chronic lung diseases; Heart and vascular; Inflammatory;
Oncology; Trauma and None of the above.

Additional Operating Point:

In addition to the default operating point one additional operating point was selected to maximize
sensitivity, while maintaining a lower bound 95% confidence interval of 80% for specificity and
sensitivity.

AOP1: Sensitivity was 96.9% (95% CI: 92.3%-99.2%) and specificity was 85.9% (95% CI: 80.3%-
90.4%).

In summary, performance goals were achieved for the default and one additional operating point.
Combined with the comparison results of time-to-notification metric with the predicate device, these
data establish the achievement by the subject BriefCase-Triage of preemptive triage in the range of
several minutes.

                                      8

Conclusions

The subject BriefCase-Triage of Central Pulmonary Embolism (Central PE), the predicate Rapid PE
Triage and Notification (PETN) and the reference BriefCase for PE triage devices are intended to aid
in prioritization and triage of radiological images for the indications for suspected positive findings of
Pulmonary Embolism (the subject and predicate device specifically aid in Central PE). All devices are
software packages consisting of deep learning AI algorithms that process images and produce
analysis results, which are displayed to the user by a prioritization alert and a compressed, low-quality,
grayscale, unannotated preview image. In all devices, the labeling clearly states that the devices are
not for diagnostic use and instructs the user to further evaluate and diagnose based only on the original
images in the local PACS.

All devices operate in parallel to the standard of care workflow in the sense that they do not change
the original image, do not provide any marking on the output preview, do not remove images from the
standard of care FIFO queue and do not de-prioritize cases, thus not disturbing standard interpretation
of the images. All devices notify the radiologist of time-sensitive critical cases within the range of
several minutes, and thus contribute similarly to the standard of care workflow turnaround time
reduction through preemptive triage.

The subject BriefCase-Triage device of Central Pulmonary Embolism (Central PE) triage is thus
substantially equivalent to the predicate Rapid PE Triage and Notification (PETN) and the reference
BriefCase for PE triage.


                                      9

aidoc