September 28, 2023

Anumana, Inc.
℅ Alexia Haralambous
Senior Principal
RQM+
2251 San Diego Ave, Suite B-257
San Diego, California 92110


Re: K232699
    Trade/Device Name: Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 870.2380
    Regulation Name: Cardiovascular Machine Learning-Based Notification Software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QYE
    Dated: September 3, 2023
    Received: September 5, 2023

Dear Alexia Haralambous:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced
above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the
enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the
enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance
with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a
premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general
controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that
some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 3
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K232699 - Alexia Haralambous                                                                 Page 2


statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for
combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-
542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                         Robert T. Kazmierski -S                                              for
                             LCDR Stephen Browning
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Division of Cardiac Electrophysiology,
                                                 Diagnostics, and Monitoring Devices
                                              Office of Cardiovascular Devices
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K232699

Device Name
Low Ejection Fraction AI ECG Algorithm


Indications for Use (Describe)
The Anumana Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm is software intended to aid in screening for Left Ventricular
Ejection Fraction (LVEF) less than or equal to 40% in adults at risk for heart failure. This population includes, but is not
limited to:
• patients with cardiomyopathies
• patients who are post-myocardial infarction
• patients with aortic stenosis
• patients with chronic atrial fibrillation
• patients receiving pharmaceutical therapies that are cardiotoxic, and
• postpartum women.

Anumana Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm is not intended to be a stand-alone diagnostic device for cardiac
conditions, should not be used for monitoring of patients, and should not be used on ECGs with a paced rhythm.

A positive result may suggest the need for further clinical evaluation in order to establish a diagnosis of Left Ventricular
Ejection Fraction (LVEF) less than or equal to 40%. Additionally, if the patient is at high risk for the cardiac condition, a
negative result should not rule out further non-invasive evaluation.

The Anumana Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm should be applied jointly with clinician judgment.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary
            Low Ejection Fraction AI ECG Algorithm
                                 K232699

Applicant Name:               Anumana, Inc.
                           One Main Street, Suite 400
                                   East Arcade 4th Floor
                                Cambridge, MA 02142

Contact Person:                 Suzanne Goodman
                       VP Regulatory and Quality
                             Anumana, Inc.
                                      Tel. (919) 608-6082
                                sgoodman@nference.net

Consultant:                      Alexia Haralambous, MS, RAC
                                    Allison Komiyama, Ph.D, RAC
                                   Erin Gontang, Ph.D.
                     RQM+
                               aharalambous@rqmplus.com
                                      Tel. (267) 778-5114

Date Summary Prepared:        September 22, 2023
Proprietary Name of Device:    Low Ejection Fraction AI ECG Algorithm
Common or Usual Name:      ECG AI analysis tool
Classification Panel:              Cardiology
Regulation Number:            21 CFR § 870.2380
Regulation Name:                 Cardiovascular machine learning-based notification software
Regulation Class:                 Class II
Product Code:             QYE

1  Predicate Device
Device Name:                 VIZ HCM
Manufacturer:                       Viz.ai
Application Number:            DEN230003

2  Device Description
The Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm interprets 12-lead ECG voltage times series data
using an artificial intelligence-based algorithm. The device analyzes 10 seconds of a single 12-
lead ECG acquisition, and within seconds provides a prediction of likelihood of LVEF (ejection
fraction less than or equal to 40%) to third party software. The results are displayed by the thirdparty software on a device such as a smartphone, tablet, or PC. The Low Ejection Fraction AIECG Algorithm was trained to predict Low LVEF using positive and control cohorts, and the
prediction of Low LVEF in patients is generated using defined conditions and covariates.
The Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm device is intended to address the unmet need for
a point-of-care screen for LVEF less than or equal to 40% and is expected to be used by


                     K232699 Page 1 of 9

510(k) Summary                         Low Ejection Fraction AI ECG Algorithm

cardiologists, front-line clinicians at primary care, urgent care, and emergency care settings,
where cardiac imaging may not be available or may be difficult or unreliable for clinicians to
operate. Clinicians will use the Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm to aid in screening for
LVEF less than or equal to 40% and making a decision for further cardiac evaluation.

3  Intended Use/Indications for Use
The Anumana Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm is software intended to aid in screening
for Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction (LVEF) less than or equal to 40% in adults at risk for heart
failure. This population includes, but is not limited to:
    •       patients with cardiomyopathies
    •       patients who are post-myocardial infarction
    •       patients with aortic stenosis
    •       patients with chronic atrial fibrillation
    •       patients receiving pharmaceutical therapies that are cardiotoxic, and
    •      postpartum women.

Anumana Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm is not intended to be a stand-alone
diagnostic device for cardiac conditions, should not be used for monitoring of patients, and
should not be used on ECGs with a paced rhythm.

A positive result may suggest the need for further clinical evaluation in order to establish a
diagnosis of Left Ventricular Ejection Fraction (LVEF) less than or equal to 40%. Additionally,
if the patient is at high risk for the cardiac condition, a negative result should not rule out further
non-invasive evaluation.

The Anumana Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm should be applied jointly with clinician
judgment.

4  Technological Characteristics
The subject device, Anumana’s Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm, is a Software as a
Medical Device (SaMD) provided as a software module packaged in a Docker container. The
Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm does not provide a graphical user interface (GUI) of
its own. It is integrated with other medical systems such as Electronic Medical Record (EMR)
systems or ECG Management Systems (EMS). The third-party integrating software furnishes a
12-lead ECG digital waveform as input to the Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm and
records the algorithm output for display via the integrated medical system or for printing in an
offline report.

5  Summary of Clinical Performance Data
The performance characteristics for the Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm have been
clinically validated for the presence of a low ejection fraction of less than or equal to 40% in
patients, with a sensitivity and specificity greater than the study’s predetermined acceptance
criteria (80%).


                    K232699 Page 2 of 9

510(k) Summary                         Low Ejection Fraction AI ECG Algorithm

                       Table 1: Performance Characteristics
            Performance Characteristic              Value

                         Sensitivity               80% or higher

                         Specificity               80% or higher

Algorithm Training
To develop the Anumana Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG (Low EF ECG-AI) algorithm, 93,722
patients with an ECG and transthoracic echocardiogram (TTE) performed within a 2-week
interval were identified from a research use authorized clinical database from Mayo Clinic. For
each patient, the left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) measurement from the earliest TTE
was selected and paired with the closest ECG recording within a 2-week interval of the TTE. The
disease cohort was defined as LVEF ≤ 40% and consisted of 11% of the overall cohort. The
control cohort was defined as LVEF > 40% and consisted of 89% of the overall cohort. The
cohorts were split into training (50%), tuning (20%) and set-aside testing (30%) datasets. Within
the set-aside test set, the sensitivity and specificity of the algorithm were 85.7% and 84.2%,
respectively.

Performance analyses were also conducted in subgroups of age, sex, and race. Within the
training set-aside test dataset, 91.2% of patients were White, 1.4% Black/African American,
1.3% Asian, 0.4% American Indian and 5.7% were of other or unknown races. Patients were
57.6% male and 43.4% female. The average age was 61.5 (± 16.4) years and 11.2% of patients
were under age 40, 10.0% were 40-49, 18.1% were 50-59, 25.9% were 60-69, 22.3% were 70-
79, and 12.5% were over 80.

Summary of Clinical Validation

Study Design
The performance profile of the Anumana Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG (Low EF AI-ECG)
algorithm was validated in a retrospective study of 16,000 patient records across 4 health
systems across the United States and 16,000 patients. The objective of the study was to establish
the diagnostic performance of the device for the purpose of detecting the presence of an EF ≤
40% in a clinically and demographically diverse population. The sole inclusion criteria for a
subject was age ≥ 18 and the availability of at least one digital 12-lead ECG paired with an
echocardiogram with quantitative left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) information within 30
days following the date of the ECG. Candidate cases were identified in reverse chronological
order from the date the site was activated. For each patient, the most recent echocardiogram was
paired with the most recent ECG (without pacing present) acquired for that patient prior to the
echocardiogram, up to the 30 days limit. Four models of 12-L ECGs (GE Dash 3000, GE MAC®
5500 Resting Analysis System, GE MAC VU360 Resting ECG, and Philips PageWriter TC70
ECG machines (model 860315) were represented in the ECG inputs to the algorithm.

Summary of Study Results
Each of the 4 sites contributed 4,000 patient-ECG pairs to a final pool of 16,000 patient-ECG
pairs. The study sample was representative of the US population and was 65.9% White, 11.0%


                    K232699 Page 3 of 9

510(k) Summary                         Low Ejection Fraction AI ECG Algorithm

Hispanic, 10.1% Black/African American, 5.3% American Indian or Alaska Native, 2.2% Asian,
and 0.4% Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander. The sample consisted of 52% male and 48%
female participants. The average age as 66 and 11.6% of participants were under age 40, 9.2%
were 40-49, 15.8% were 50-59, 22.8% were 60-69, 21.6% were 70-79, and 19% were over 80. A
total of 2,040 records were excluded as a result of the quality checks performed by the Anumana
Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG (Low EF AI-ECG) algorithm.

Within this diverse study sample, a total of 1,096 LVEF ≤ 40% cases were identified (prevalence
of 7.9%) from 13,960 samples. The Anumana Low EF ECG-AI device achieved a sensitivity of
84.5% (95% CI of 82.2% to 86.6%), a specificity of 83.6% (95% CI of 82.9% to 84.2%), a
positive predictive value of 30.5% (PPV, 95% CI of 28.8% to 32.1%), and a negative predictive
value of 98.4% (NPV, 95% CI of 98.2% to 98.7%). Results are provided in Figure 1: Matrix of
primary results with subgroup analyses results provided in Table 2: Subgroup Analyses.


                         Figure 1: Matrix of primary results

Subgroup Analyses
Subgroup assessments of diagnostic performance were conducted to determine  if there was
heterogeneity in device performance across clinical sites, demographics, clinical characteristics,
conduction disorders, ECG manufacturer, and ECG devices. To assess for heterogeneity, BreslowDay tests for the strata were conducted on the odds ratio for condition presence given a positive
ECG-AI result. The results are summarized in Table 2 below.


                    K232699 Page 4 of 9

510(k) Summary                         Low Ejection Fraction AI ECG Algorithm


                            Table 2: Subgroup Analyses
 Subgroup                   Result of Test for Heterogeneity Analysis
 Clinical Site        Not statistically significant

 Biological Sex      Not statistically significant

 Race/Ethnicity      Not statistically significant

 Age Group          Diagnostic performance varied across age strata (p < 0.01). The diagnostic odds
                          ratio was higher than the overall estimate in patients aged 40 to 69 years and lower
                        in younger and older patients. In younger patients, sensitivity was lower while
                         specificity was higher, whereas in patients of advanced age, sensitivity was higher
                     while specificity was lower.
 Clinical           ●   Diagnostic performance varied across body mass index strata (p = 0.02), with
 Characteristics           the lowest diagnostic performance observed in underweight (BMI <18.5
                       kg/m2) participants and the highest diagnostic performance observed in
                         overweight (BMI 25+ to <30) and obese (BMI 30+) participants.
                 ●   Diagnostic performance varied across certain elements of medical history
                          derived from ICD9/ICD10 codes in patient medical records. The diagnostic
                       odds ratio was lower in patients with prior history of heart failure (p<0.01),
                         myocardial infarction (p<0.01) and coronary revascularization (p=0.07). In
                        each of these cases, the disease prevalence was high (>17% for the three
                           conditions) and the algorithm had higher sensitivity and lower specificity.
                         This combination, at the higher prevalence values, resulted in robust positive
                            predictive value (>35%) and negative predictive value (>94%).
 Conduction         Not statistically significant
 Disorders
 ECG Manufacturer   Not statistically significant

 ECG Device        Not statistically significant

6  Summary of Non-Clinical Performance Data
The performance characteristics for the Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm have been
evaluated with the following non-clinical testing: software verification and validation (per IEC
62304), cybersecurity, labeling validation, and human factors.

Substantial Equivalence Conclusion
The subject device, Anumana Low Ejection Fraction AI-ECG Algorithm, is substantially
equivalent to the predicate device Viz HCM (DEN230003). The devices have similar intended
uses, principles of operation, and technical characteristics. Where differences occur between the
subject device and the predicate, results of clinical performance and results of non-clinical
verification and validation demonstrate that the subject device is as safe and as effective as the
predicate.


                    K232699 Page 5 of 9

510(k) Summary                                             Low Ejection Fraction AI ECG Algorithm


                    Table 3: Substantial Equivalence Comparison of Subject Device to the Predicate
                            Subject Device                   Predicate Device
  Product Name   Anumana Low Ejection Fraction             Viz HCM                    Comparison
                    AI-ECG Algorithm
Application No.     K232699                       DEN230003                                                        -
Product Codes    QXX                    QXO                                                                 -
              DQK
Regulation No.      21 CFR 870.2380                   21 CFR 870.2380                                                  -
                                                     21 CFR 870.1425
Regulation Name    Cardiovascular machine learning-       Cardiovascular machine learning-                               -
                      based notification software             based notification software
Rx / OTC         Rx                           Rx                           Same
Intended Use/      The Anumana Low Ejection Fraction    Viz HCM, a standalone                Similar – The subject device is
Indications for     AI-ECG Algorithm is software          electrocardiogram (ECG) analysis      intended to aid in screening for Left
Use                   intended to aid in screening for Left      software to identify patients 18 or       Ventricular Ejection Fraction
                        Ventricular Ejection Fraction            older for further follow-up for        (LVEF) less than or equal to 40% in
                   (LVEF) less than or equal to 40% in     hypertrophic cardiomyopathy           adults at risk for heart failure,
                         adults at risk for heart failure. This     (HCM), a rare condition in which the   whereas the predicate device is an
                       population includes, but is not            heart muscle becomes abnormally       analysis software used to identify
                        limited to:                                thick and makes it difficult for the       patients for further follow-up for
                      • patients with cardiomyopathies        heart to pump blood. This device can    hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
                      • patients who are post-myocardial     analyze recordings from compatible    (HCM).
                            infarction                           12-lead ECGs, detect signs
                      • patients with aortic stenosis           associated with HCM, and allow the
                                                                user to view the ECG and software                      • patients with chronic atrial
                                                                     analysis. The device does not provide                               fibrillation
                                                            a diagnosis of HCM and is not                      • patients receiving pharmaceutical
                                                              intended for use on patients with                            therapies that are cardiotoxic, and
                                                            implanted pacemakers                      • postpartum women.
                  Anumana Low Ejection Fraction AIECG Algorithm is not intended to be
                      a stand-alone diagnostic device for


                                     K232699 Page 6 of 9

510(k) Summary                                             Low Ejection Fraction AI ECG Algorithm

                            Subject Device                   Predicate Device
  Product Name   Anumana Low Ejection Fraction             Viz HCM                    Comparison
                    AI-ECG Algorithm
                        cardiac conditions, should not be
                     used for monitoring of patients, and
                      should not be used on ECGs with a
                     paced rhythm.
              A positive result may suggest the
                     need for further clinical evaluation in
                       order to establish a diagnosis of Left
                        Ventricular Ejection Fraction
                   (LVEF) less than or equal to 40%.
                        Additionally, if the patient is at high
                          risk for the cardiac condition, a
                       negative result should not rule out
                         further non-invasive evaluation.
                   The Anumana Low Ejection Fraction
                 AI-ECG Algorithm should be
                       applied jointly with clinician
                      judgment.
Operational         Spot check                           Spot check                      Same
Mode
Motion            None                             Hemosphere Advanced Monitoring     Similar – The subject device is a
                                                             Platform and ClearSight Module     SaMD that does not need to take into
                                                       (K201446)                           account motion correction.
                                                 WorkMate Claris System (K210392)
Patient               Adults                                Adults                         Same
Population
Environment of    Primary care, urgent care, and            Hospital and Pre-Hospital Setting       Similar – Both devices are to be used
Use                emergency care settings                                                              in professional healthcare settings


                                     K232699 Page 7 of 9

510(k) Summary                                             Low Ejection Fraction AI ECG Algorithm

                            Subject Device                   Predicate Device
  Product Name   Anumana Low Ejection Fraction             Viz HCM                    Comparison
                    AI-ECG Algorithm
Algorithm          Machine learning based algorithm      Machine learning based algorithm      Similar – The subject device
                      with a predetermined change control                                         submission proactively pre-specifies
                       plan (PCCP)                                                                 intended modifications (and their
                                                                                      method of implementation) that do
                                                                                                     not require additional marketing
                                                                                                   submission.
Algorithm            Detection of LVEF (Left Ventricular     Presence of signs associated with       Similar – Both devices identify a
Calculation and      Ejection Fraction less than or equal   HCM derived from an ECG signal      single cardiovascular condition
Output                 to 40%) from an ECG signal
Ground Truth for   Transthoracic echocardiogram (TTE)    Cardiologist adjudicated signs          Similar – Both devices rely upon
Model Training      with disease                             associated with a disease using an       established clinical diagnostic
                                        ECG waveform                     methods as ground truth
Physiological        12-Lead ECG waveform in digital       Parameters gathered from the           Similar – Both devices utilize ECG
Parameter Inputs   format                            Hemosphere Advanced Monitoring      digital waveforms as input
                                                             Platform and ClearSight Module
                                                       (K201446) and
                                                 WorkMate Claris System (K210392).
                                                               Includes oximetry, heart rate, and
                                                                  additional cardiac parameters (e.g.,
                                                          blood pressure) using an EKG.
Data Displayed      Algorithm output is provided to third    Device flags suspected ECGs and       Similar – Both devices provide data
                        party software that displays the result    categorizes patients as requiring        suggesting the likelihood of a
                         to clinicians. Output provided for         further follow up.                      cardiovascular disease or condition
                      each ECG is “Low LVEF Detected”                                                for further referral or diagnostic
                 “Low LVEF Not Detected” or                                                  follow-up.
                         “Error”).
Hardware           Compatible 12-Lead diagnostic ECG    Hemosphere Advanced Monitoring     Similar – Both devices are
                     machines with 500Hz digital output      Platform and ClearSight Module       compatible with devices providing
                                                       (K201446) and                            digital ECG outputs
                                                 WorkMate Claris System (K210392)


                                     K232699 Page 8 of 9

510(k) Summary                                             Low Ejection Fraction AI ECG Algorithm

                            Subject Device                   Predicate Device
  Product Name   Anumana Low Ejection Fraction             Viz HCM                    Comparison
                    AI-ECG Algorithm
Software          Anumana proprietary algorithm and     Viz.AI proprietary algorithm and       Similar – Both devices incorporate
                        application                               application                                 their own proprietary algorithms and
                                                                                                              applications.


                                    K232699 Page 9 of 9