InVision Medical Technology Corporation
Golnaz Moeini
Regulatory and Strategy Consultant
9702 Cisco St.
Los Angeles, CA 90034

Re: K232331                                                                  April 25, 2024
    Trade/Device Name: InVision Precision LVEF (LVEF)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: March 27, 2024
    Received: March 27, 2024

Dear Golnaz Moeini:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K232331 - Golnaz Moeini                                                             Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                          Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K232331

Device Name
InVision Precision LVEF (LVEF)


Indications for Use (Describe)
In Vision Precision LVEF is used to process previously acquired trans thoracic cardiac ultrasound images, store images,
and manipulate and make measurements on images using an ultrasound device, personal computer, or a compatible
DICOM compliant PACS system to provide an automated estimation of LVEF. This measurement can be used to assist
the clinician in a cardiac evaluation. In Vision Precision is indicated for use in patients 22 years and older by sonographers
and physicians evaluating cardiac ultrasound.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K232331


                      510(k) Summary


Correspondent Information

InVision Medical Technology Corporation
℅Golnaz Moeini
MedEdge Consulting
Email: golnaz.moeini@gmail.com
Phone: (408) 504-3187
Date prepared: March 27, 2024

Device

Proprietary name:       InVision Precision LVEF (LVEF)

Common name:         InVision Precision

Classification name:    Medical image management and processing system

Regulation:           21 CFR 892.2050

Regulatory class:            II

Product code:        QIH Automated Radiological Image Processing Software


Predicate Device

Caption Interpretation Automated Ejection Fraction, K210747.

Device Description
InVision Precision LVEF  is a software as a medical device (SaMD), manufactured by
InVision Medical Technology Corporation, intended as an aid in diagnostic review and
analysis of echocardiographic data, including the evaluation of left ventricular ejection
fraction (LVEF) in cardiovascular ultrasound images in DICOM format.


InVision Medical Technology Corporation, InVision Precision 510(k)                             Page 1 of 5

The software interfaces with data files uploaded to a PACS by any ultrasound or data
collection equipment.  It selects a set of echocardiogram videos of the correct view and
generates semi-automatic segmentations of the left ventricle using a machine learning
algorithm to form the basis for the calculator of the LVEF output. The analysis results
are visualized by the clinician’s integrated image view application as adjustable
annotations. The user has the option to modify the semi-automatic segmentations
suggested by the software. The EF calculation is updated in real-time with the user’s
modification of the segmentation. A cardiologist can adjust the annotations and the
downstream measurement of LVEF prior to finalization.

Intended Use/ Indications for Use
InVision Precision LVEF is used to process previously acquired transthoracic cardiac
ultrasound images, store images, and manipulate and make measurements on images
using an ultrasound device, personal computer, or a compatible DICOM-compliant
PACS system to provide an automated estimation of LVEF. This measurement can be
used to assist the clinician in a cardiac evaluation. InVision Precision is indicated for
use in patients 22 years and older by sonographers and physicians evaluating cardiac
ultrasound.

Summary of Technological Characteristics

A comparison of technological similarities and differences between the subject and
predicate devices is as follows:


                                                       Predicate Device:
                               Subject Device:      Caption Interpretation
           Feature/
                               InVision Precision     Automated Ejection
          Function
                                                       Fraction Software
                                                   K210747

                       General Principles of Operation

      Machine LearningYes                   Yes
       Based Algorithm

      Operates on DICOM
                                  Yes                   Yes
                clips


InVision Medical Technology Corporation, InVision Precision 510(k) Summary                      Page 2 of 5

Predicate Device:
                               Subject Device:      Caption Interpretation
           Feature/
                               InVision Precision     Automated Ejection
          Function
                                                       Fraction Software
                                                   K210747

        Automation level        Semi automated           Fully automated

       Automated View
                                  Yes                   Yes
            Selection

    Views for EF Calculation    Single view or Biplane     Single view or Biplane

      Automated Ejection
                                  Yes                   Yes
       Fraction Calculation

        Ejection Fraction
                              Numerical estimate       Numerical estimate
            reported

                          Uses the interface of       Includes own user
        User Interface
                           approved PACS system           interface

     Quantitative feedback to
       enable clinician to       Adjustable annotation      Confidence Metric
     assess EF calculation

     EF result shown with      Yes, with adjustable
                                                        Yes
           video clip                annotation

       User confirmation/
                                  Yes                   Yes
         rejection of result

                        Technological Characteristics

     Network Architecture     Spatiotemporal Pooling       Simple Pooling


Both subject and predicate devices have similar technological characteristics and
principles of operation. Any differences do not raise new concerns of safety and
efficacy.


InVision Medical Technology Corporation, InVision Precision 510(k) Summary                      Page 3 of 5

Performance Data

The InVision Precision software was developed and tested in accordance with InVision
Medical Technology’s Design Control processes and has been subjected to extensive
safety and performance testing. Verification and validation testing was conducted to
demonstrate the substantial equivalence of the subject device to the predicate. The
primary success criterion was that the subject device would produce an ejection fraction
number with a Root Mean Square Deviation below a set threshold as compared to the
reference ground truth EF as well as Dice score above a set threshold compared to the
consensus annotation of three cardiologists.

Extensive algorithm development and software verification and clinical validation
testing, assessed the performance of the software’s image video clip selection function
and performance characteristics of the algorithm, including accuracy and overall
functional performance. Images and cases used for verification and validation testing
were separate and carefully segregated from training datasets. Non-clinical verification
and validation test results established that the device meets its design requirements and
intended use.

Machine Learning Performance Evaluation Summary

A retrospective, multicenter study was designed to evaluate the capability of the
Precision machine learning model in calculating LVEF against ground truth. A variety of
imaging equipment manufacturers included Philips, GE and Siemens were used for the
input data. The average RMSD (Root Mean Square Deviation) for the device’s biplane
view was around 6.06, for A4C view was 6.17, for A2C view was 7.12. The Dice score
for A4C segmentation was 0.89 and for A2C segmentation was 0.90. Data analysis of
subgroups included race/ ethnicity, age, gender, BMI, imaging site and equipment, and
ejection fraction values. The Precision device met all endpoints.


Conclusions

Performance testing demonstrated that the InVision Precision software performs as
expected and in a manner that is substantially equivalent to the predicate device. The
InVision Precision software has the same intended use, and similar indications for use,
principles of operation and technological characteristics as the predicate device. The


InVision Medical Technology Corporation, InVision Precision 510(k) Summary                      Page 4 of 5

differences do not raise new concerns of safety and effectiveness, therefore the InVision
Precision software is substantially equivalent to the predicate device.


InVision Medical Technology Corporation, InVision Precision 510(k) Summary                      Page 5 of 5