January 18, 2024

Software Nemotec S.L.
℅ Kevin Walls
Principal Consultant
Regulatory Insight, Inc.
33 Golden Eagle Lane
LITTLETON, CO 80127


Re: K232698
    Trade/Device Name: NemoScan
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: September 1, 2023
    Received: September 5, 2023

Dear Kevin Walls:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K232698 - Kevin Walls                                                               Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                         Lu Jiang

                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K232698

Device Name

NemoScan

Indications for Use (Describe)

NemoScan is an implant planning and surgery planning software tool intended for use by dental professionals who have
appropriate knowledge in the field of application. The software reads imaging information output from medical scanners
such as CBCT or CT scanners.

It is indicated for pre-operative simulation and evaluation of patient anatomy, dental implant placement, surgical
instrument positioning, and surgical treatment options, in edentulous, partial edentulous or dentition situations, which may
require a surgical guide. It is further indicated for the user to design such guides for, alone or in combination, the guiding
of a surgical path along a trajectory or a profile, or to help evaluate a surgical preparation or step.

NemoScan software allows for surgical guide export to a validated manufacturing center or to the point of care.

Manufacturing at the point of care requires a validated process using CAM equipment (additive manufacturing system,
including software and associated tooling) and compatible material (biocompatible and sterilizable).
A surgical guide may require to be used with accessories.

NemoScan is intended to be used only for Adolescents (12-21 years of age) to adults (>21 years of age) patients.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary

Premarket Notification Number K232698

Date of Summary: 01/16/2024

Substantial equivalence is claimed to the following devices:

Subject Device

Trade Name: NemoScan
Common Name: System, Image Processing, Radiological
Device Class: Class II
Product Code: QIH
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
Classification Name: Medical image management and processing system

Predicate Device

Trade Name: coDiagnostiX Implant Planning Software (K130724)
Common Name: System, Image Processing, Radiological
Product Code: LLZ
Device Class: Class II
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
Classification Name: Medical image management and processing system

Reference Device

Trade Name: NemoScan (K192571)
Common Name: System, Image Processing, Radiological
Device Class: Class II
Product Code: LLZ
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
Classification Name: Medical image management and processing system

Name and Address of the Applicant/Sponsor

Software Nemotec S.L.
Av. Juan Caramuel,
1 28919 Leganés,
Madrid, Spain

Contact person: Kevin Walls
Telephone: 1-720-962-5412
Email: kevin@reginsight.com

Indications for use

NemoScan is an implant planning and surgery planning software tool intended
for use by dental professionals who have appropriate knowledge in the field of
application. The  software reads imaging  information  output from medical
scanners such as CBCT or CT scanners.

It is indicated for pre-operative simulation and evaluation of patient anatomy,
dental  implant  placement,  surgical  instrument  positioning,  and  surgical

treatment options,  in edentulous,  partial edentulous or dentition  situations,
which may require a surgical guide. It is further indicated for the user to design
such guides for, alone or in combination, the guiding of a surgical path along a
trajectory or a profile, or to help evaluate a surgical preparation or step.

NemoScan  software  allows  for  surgical  guide  export  to  a  validated
manufacturing center or to the point of care.

Manufacturing at the point of care requires a validated process using CAM
equipment (additive manufacturing system, including software and associated
tooling) and compatible material (biocompatible and sterilizable).
A surgical guide may require to be used with accessories.

NemoScan is intended to be used only for Adolescents (12-21 years of age) to
adults (>21 years of age) patients.


Device Description

NemoScan is a comprehensive diagnosis and treatment planning software for
dental implantology intended to be used by dental professionals who have
appropriate knowledge in surgical implantology and dental implants prosthesis.
The software works with volume data sets imported from DICOM format
produced by third-party CT/CBCT scanners and stored in a filedata repository.
Additionally, optical scans of dental impressions can be imported from standard
file formats like STL or PLY and registered over the volume to get reliable high
definition of the anatomy of teeth and gums of the patients. The software is
provided in three configurations: desktop, cloud and web.
Surgical planning is performed through convenient layouts of views, analysis of
image data and the placement of virtual dental implants and optionally virtual
prosthetic teeth. One patient file may contain multiple surgical plan proposals
which allow the user to choose the ideal surgical plan.
Additional functions are available to the user for refinement of the surgical
planning, such as:
  ●  Import, organize, store images from CT or CBCT  in DICOM format
       (optionally if the case has these images, called Volume Images).
  ●  Import  digital impressions  of the teeth (scanned stone models and
       intraoral scanner) and/or implant files in STL or PLY format, and align
     them over the volume image (if exists).
  ●  Import facial scanner or 3D photos in OBJ or PLY format.
  ●  Measurements of distances and angles in 2D, for slices, and 3D, for 3D
       views.
  ●  Merge the dental digital impressions into the CT/CBCT patient volume.
  ● Do Orientation of the Volume according to the Natural Head Position of
      the patient (Reorient the 3D volume).
  ●  Patient gums, teeth, bones, mandibular nerves and sinus segmentation
       to help the planner in viewing those anatomical conditions in 3D and their
      corresponding cross sections in the 2D slices.
  ●  Possibility  of simulation  of teeth extractions  for immediate implants
      placement.
  ●  Specific  layouts  of  views  with  the  selected  implant  centered  to
       accurately positioning the virtual implant according to the anatomical
      volume conditions.
  ●  Bone densitometry with a density statistic for density measuring in the
      area around a distance outside and inside the limits of the positioned

implant.
  ●  Real time distances and angles to sensible areas like other implants,
      nerves, patient teeth, sinus, etc.
  ●  Possibility of adding prosthetic teeth for designing the immediate loading
       prosthesis or just for helping in orienting the implants according to the
       prosthetic conditions.

NemoScan works with many manufacturers of implants, abutments, drills,
analog, sleeves, hand pieces, etc., libraries to be used for simulation and
treatment planning. The software allows importing these libraries and designing
different kinds of surgical guides and immediate loading prosthesis to export the
designed file in STL format. Finally, these designed files will be used to a
validated manufacturing center or to the point of care.

The device has no patient contact nor does it control any life-sustaining devices.

Warning: Anatomical segmented structures cannot be used as sole information
for the clinician to make clinical decisions.
3D manufacturing is out of NemoScan software control, depends on many
external factors and lies within the sole responsibility of the user.

Warning: The guide must be fabricated based on the FDA cleared or legally
marketed 3D printing fabrication method. The STL  is to be exported to a
validated manufacturing center or to the point of care. Manufacturing at the
point of care requires a validated process using CAM equipment (additive
manufacturing  system,  including  software  and  associated  tooling)  and
compatible material (biocompatible and sterilizable).

Substantial Equivalence Determination

The general intended use is identical for both the subject device and primary
predicate device.
As to the indications for use, the subject device specifies the indicated patient
conditions: for use in edentulous, partial edentulous, and dentition conditions.
However,  this  is already included  in the labeling of the primary predicate
(K130724).
The purpose of  this submission  is also to expand the functionalities from
desktop application to web application.

Similarities to Predicate

The subject and predicate devices are intended for supporting the pre-operative
digital implant planning and design surgical guide files. They share the same
fundamental principles of operation – Software is used to convert individual
patient CT scans to digital models for subsequent implant planning.

The subject and predicate devices utilize image data obtained from a CT scan,
which  is  input  into  validated  commercially  off-the-shelf (COTS)  software
applications  to  transfer  patient imaging from DICOM  to. STL format and
manipulate the images to design a final guide file.

Both systems utilize implants, anatomical models, guides, pins, analog and
abutments to design guide files. In addition, the systems design digital models
and generate PDF case  reports  for  the doctors  to use  for planning  of
implantology surgeries or to use during surgery.

The predicate device (K130724) and the subject device NemoScan includes
Tooth-supported, Gingiva-supported and Bone-supported surgical guide design
possibilities. Also, both systems have options to add a label to identify the
surgical guide.


Differences to Predicate

The subject device differs from the predicate mainly in that the subject device is
able to add prosthetic design data using the prosthesis wizard of the reference
device. coDiagnostiX  is able  to connect  to DWOS  to access the wizard
prosthesis.
coDiagnostiX uses DWOS Synergy interface to communicate with Dental Wings
DWOS. It makes prosthetic design data available in coDiagnostiX and, in turn,
sends planning. Also, DWOS Synergy  interface would be used  for mesh
transformation.
The alternate workflow involving the printouts and manufacturing method using
the manually operated gonyX is not included in the subject device.

Finally, the target population of the subject device is adolescents (12-21 years
of age) to adults (>21 years of age), which is a subgroup of the general public of
the predicate device.

Reference Devices

NemoScan (K192571) has been included as a reference device because  it
included all the immediate loading prosthesis features, mesh transformation,
photo mapping and import 3D photograph.

Align 3D with Photos is the same functionality presented on the last NemoScan
K192571 submission with the name Photo Mapping. Import 3D Photos (OBJ) is
the same functionality presented on the last NemoScan K192571 submission
with the name Import 3D Photograph. These functionalities have no medical
purpose; they are used only for visualization.


Performance Testing

Although NemoScan (K192571) did not include exhaustive performance testing,
the points Sterilization and Shelf  Life, Biocompatibility, EMC and Electrical
Safety are not applicable.
NemoScan (K192571) included Labeling and verification and validation testing
Report.
The subject device NemoScan includes a performance testing report which
justify the types of performance testing applicable to software as a medical
device.

A risk assessment has been performed based on FDA guidance, “Use of
RealWorld  Evidence  to  Support  Regulatory  Decision-Making  for  Medical
Devices, Aug  2017”  with  supporting  peer-reviewed  clinical  literature  to
demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of the subject device for use of the
new guides.

Non Clinical Performance Data

Process performance qualifications of the manufacturing process are conducted
to  assure a  guide  of a  certain  material can  safely and  effectively be
manufactured. Worst case testing of representative guide designs is utilized.
Expected results are met. This process performance qualifications includes
centralized manufacturing and point of care procedures. The validated materials
and manufacturing processes are safe and effective for their intended use.


Comparison of Technological Characteristics
The subject and predicate device are software based planning tools which allow
for transfer of medical images, and design of 3D guides.
A comparison of the subject, reference device and predicate devices are
provided in the table below.

A device comparison table of the subject, predicate, and reference devices is provided below:

 Feature              SUBJECT DEVICE               PREDICATE DEVICE            REFERENCE DEVICE

                         NemoScan                            coDiagnostiX,              NemoScan, Software Nemotec
                                                           Implant Planning Software (K130724)              S.L, (K192571)
 Indications for   NemoScan  is an implant planning  CoDiagnostiX is an implant planning and NemoScan is a software indicated
 Use Statement    and surgery planning software tool  surgery planning software tool intended  for supporting the diagnostic and
                    intended    for   use   by   dental  for use by dental professionals who have  treatment   planning   of   dental
                     professionals who have appropriate  appropriate   knowledge    in    dental  implants. NemoScan  is software
                  knowledge in the field of application.   implantology and surgical dentistry.         that  is also used as an image
                                                                                            segmentation system and for the
                The    software   reads   imaging  This software reads imaging information  transfer  of  imaging  information
                     information  output  from  medical  output from medical scanners such as CT  from a scanner such as a CT
                   scanners  such  as CBCT  or CT  or DVT scanners.                         scanner.
                    scanners.
                                                                                                It  allows  pre-operative  simulation and
                                  It   is  indicated   for  pre-operative  evaluation of patient anatomy and dental
                     simulation and evaluation of patient  implant placement.
                  anatomy, dental implant placement,
                      surgical instrument positioning, and  For  automated  manufacturing  of   drill
                      surgical   treatment   options,    in  guides    in   the   dental   laboratory
                    edentulous,  partial  edentulous  or  environment,   the   coDiagnostiX  can
                      dentition   situations,  which  may  provide printouts of template plans for the
                     require a surgical guide.               creation  of  surgical templates using a
                                                      manually operated gonyX table.
                                  It is further indicated for the user to
                   design such guides for, alone or in
                    combination,   the   guiding   of  a
                      surgical path along a trajectory or a
                         profile, or to help evaluate a surgical
                    preparation or step.

NemoScan   software   allows   for
                     surgical guide export to a validated
                  manufacturing center or to the point
                     of care.

                  Manufacturing at the point of care
                    requires a validated process using
            CAM      equipment       (additive
                  manufacturing   system,   including
                   software and associated tooling) and
                  compatible  material  (biocompatible
                and sterilizable).
             A surgical guide may require to be
                used with accessories.
Classification     21 CFR 892.2050, Class II          21 CFR 892.2050, Class II              21 CFR 892.2050, Class II
Product Code    QIH                            LLZ                               LLZ
Product Code     System,     Image     Processing,  System, Image Processing, Radiological   System,    Image    Processing,
Name              Radiological                                                                      Radiological
General           Dental Surgery Planning System      Dental Surgery Planning System          Dental Surgery Planning System
Description
Prescription Use  Yes                            Yes                               Yes
Core              Stand-alone software                Stand-alone software                    Stand-alone software
Component
Target            Adolescents (12-21 years of age) to   General public                            Adults
population         adults (>21 years of age)
Patient           For edentulous, partial edentulous or  For  edentulous,  partial  edentulous  or  non-specific
condition           dentition situations                      dentition situations
Input Source    CT / CBCT scanner             CT / CBCT, DVT scanners            CT / CBCT scanner
Input Data       DICOM, .stl, .ply, .obj files          DICOM, .stl files                    DICOM, .stl, .obj  files
formats
Export                  .stl file format                                    .stl file format                                          .stl file format

Printouts        Make   reports    of   the   implant  Make reports of the implant treatment   Make   reports   of  the  implant
                   treatment plan.                         plan.                                     treatment plan.
Anatomical site    Oral-maxillofacial regions               Oral-maxillofacial regions                   Oral-maxillofacial regions
Physical output   Yes                            Yes                               Yes
design per
Planning
Minimum       PC with specified requirements on   PC with specified requirements on      PC with specified requirements on
system           hardware, operating system and      hardware, operating system and security   hardware, operating system and
requirements      security (in user manual)                 (in user manual)                            security (in user manual)
Image           The scanned surface data acquired  The scanned surface data acquired by  The   scanned   surface   data
registration       by the optical/intraoral scanner can  the   optical/intraoral  scanner  can  be  acquired by  the  optical/intraoral
(alignment)      be   aligned   to   the  CT/CBCT  aligned to the CT/CBCT reconstruction  scanner can be  aligned  to  the
                    reconstruction through a point-based  through   a   point-based    registration CT/CBCT reconstruction through a
                      registration technique                technique                                point-based registration technique
Interface         Desktop Application                Desktop Application                    Desktop Application
requirements    Web Application
DICOM Standard  Yes                            Yes                               Yes
Compliant
Projects           Project exporting/importing             Project exporting/importing                 Project exporting/importing
management
Mean Features/  CAD   tools   to  manipulate/modify/ CAD    tools    to    manipulate/modify/ CAD tools to manipulate/modify/
Tools              render/import/export/sectioning         render/import/export/sectioning    patient  render/import/export/sectioning
                     patient models  (teeth, upper/lower  models (teeth, upper/lower jaws), surgical  patient models (teeth, upper/lower
                     jaws), surgical item models, areas of   item models, areas of interest. Includes:    jaws), surgical item models, areas
                       interest. Includes:                             - Panoramic curve                           of interest. Includes:
                           - Panoramic curve                            - Nerve detection                                    - Panoramic curve
                           - Nerve detection                              - Virtual structures                                  - Nerve detection
                           - Virtual structures                            -  Orient  images  to  occlusal  plane-   - Virtual structures
                           - Orient images to occlusal plane-   Surgical item libraries                             - Orient images to occlusal planeSurgical item libraries                       -  Bone  density  analyses,  geometric  Surgical item libraries
                           - Bone density analyses, geometric  measurements                                       -   Bone    density    analyses,
                measurements                                                              geometric measurements

Case          2D gray value images            2D gray value images               2D gray value images
visualization     3D model rendering             3D model rendering                 3D model rendering.
                 Panoramic mode                  Panoramic mode                      Panoramic mode
            MPR mode                 MPR mode                   MPR mode
                     Individual editing of imaging artifacts   Individual editing of imaging artifacts     3D Photo in .Obj format
              3D Photo in .Obj format                                                           Align 3D with Photos
                    Align 3D with Photos
                Image treatment
Measurement     Distance/Angle                       Distance/Angle                           Distance/Angle
tool            Bone density measurement         Bone density measurement            Bone density measurement
Virtual Wax-up    Possible                             Possible                                  Possible
Nerve tracing      Possible                             Possible                                  Possible
Implant           Teeth segmentation and coordinate  Teeth  segmentation  and   coordinate  Teeth     segmentation     and
Preparation       system;                             system;                                  coordinate system;
tools          DICOM to STL conversion;        DICOM to STL conversion;           DICOM to STL conversion;
               Mesh transformation;                Sinus segmentation;                 Mesh transformation;
                  Sinus segmentation;                  Reorient the 3D volume;                 Sinus segmentation;
                   Reorient the 3D volume;            Root and teeth segmentation;              Reorient the 3D volume;
                 Root and teeth segmentation;         Teeth extractions;                      Roots segmentation and complete
                 Teeth extractions;                  Panoramic curve;                          teeth fusion;
                 Panoramic curve;                                                         Teeth extractions;
                                                                                      Panoramic curve;
Implant Planning  Implant,   sleeve,    drill,  abutment,  Implant, sleeve,  drill, abutment, analog,  Implant,  sleeve,  drill, abutment,
tools              analog, and pin positioning;         and pin positioning;                   and pin positioning;
                Custom   Implant,   Sleeve,    Drill,  Custom Implant, Sleeve, Drill, Abutment,  Custom  Implant,  Sleeve,   Drill,
                  Abutment, and Pin creation;         and Pin creation;                       Abutment, and Pin creation;
                    Implant-to-implant,  Implant-to-nerve  Implant-to-implant,      Implant-to-nerve  Implant-to-implant,
                    canal,     Sleeve-to-Sleeve,    and  canal,     Sleeve-to-Sleeve     surface  Implant-to-nerve             canal,
                    Sleeve-to-      STL       surface  distance/collision warning;                 Sleeve-to-Sleeve, and Sleeve-todistance/collision warning;                                         STL   surface   distance/collision
                                                                                             warning
                   Prosthesis wizards;

Implant validations:                                                            Prosthesis wizards;
                                                                                                 Implant validations;
Surgical guide    Design the surgery guide based on  Design the surgery guide based on the  Design the surgery guide based
design            the implant treatment plan, such as:   implant treatment plan, such as:         on  the  implant  treatment  plan,
                 ●  Tooth-supported       surgical    ●  Tooth-supported   surgical   guide  such as:
                        guide design possible;               design possible;                  ●  Tooth-supported    surgical
                 ●  Gingiva-supported     surgical    ●  Gingiva-supported surgical guide        guide design possible;
                        guide design possible;               design possible;                  ●  Gingiva-supported  surgical
                 ●  Bone-supported       surgical    ●  Bone-supported   surgical   guide        guide design possible;
                        guide design possible;               design possible;                  ●  Bone-supported    surgical
                 ●  Export   of   surgical   guide    ●  Gingivectomy guide;                     guide design possible;
                        design data set possible;        ●  Export  of  surgical  guide design    ●  Offset, wall thickness and
                 ●  Gingivectomy guide;                 data set possible;                        connector thickness setting
                 ●  Offset,     thickness    and    ●  Offset,    wall    thickness   and         possible;
                        connector setting possible;           connector    thickness     setting    ●  Export  of  surgical  guide
                 ●  Add  label   text   in  surgical         possible.                               design data set possible;
                           guide;                      ●  Add label text in surgical guide;
Surgical            Details protocol: available per          Details protocol: available per implant      Details protocol: available per
protocol design   implant providing detailed implant,     providing detailed implant, sleeve and      implant
and creation tool  sleeve and surgical protocol            surgical protocol information together      providing detailed implant, sleeve
                    information together with images of    with images of the planning views;        and surgical protocol information
                   the planning views;                    Surgical protocol: The sequence of         together with images of the
                    Surgical protocol: The sequence of     surgical instruments to be used as         planning views;
                     surgical instruments to be used as     specified by the selected guided surgery    Surgical protocol: The sequence
                    specified by the selected guided      system (selected manufacturers only)       of surgical instruments to be used
                   surgery system (selected                                                as specified by the selected
                  manufacturers only)                                                        guided surgery system (selected
                                                                                             manufacturers only)
Other tools       Analog model, Virtual pour up and  N/A                                 N/A
                model builder.
Minimum      OS - Windows 10 64-bit;         OS - Windows 7, 64-bit;               Windows 7/8/8.1/10
system          16 GB RAM Memory minimum      8GB RAM Memory minimum            4 GB RAM Memory minimum

hardware and    (CPU) - Intel Core i7 at 2.8GHz      (CPU) - Intel® Core™ 2 Duo processor  16   GB   RAM    Memory
 software         Network   cards   wired,  minimum  P8600                             recommended
 requirements     speed 1 Gb./sec;                    Graphics Card and Network cards- Not   Intel Core i7 at 2.8GHz
                   NVidia graphics card. Minimum 2   specified                            5 GB free disc space or more
                GB. VRAM                 HDD – 128 GB of free space                Internet connection requirement
             HDD – 15 GB of free space
 Payment model   Pay per use                        License Fee                        Pay per use
                   License Fee                       Annual Fee                             License Fee
                  Annual Fee                                                             Annual Fee


Conclusion from nonclinical and clinical tests

Image treatment includes functionalities such as: crop image, edit image and calibrate image. These functionalities are added
to modify the input image or photo and  it is not used for patients directly, these functionalities do not affect the security or
effectiveness of the subject device.

Other tools from table before include: Analog model, Virtual pour up and model builder, which are functionalities used to export
models to inspect them physically in 3D, but they are not used in the patient. These functionalities do not affect the security
and effectiveness of the device.

The Indications for Use statement between the subject and predicate devices are equivalent;
minor differences in wording do not alter the intended use of the subject device. In addition, there are minimum differences in
the software functions or technical requirements; none of these differences affect the safety and effectiveness of the subject
device relative to the predicate, both can be considered equivalent.