October 27, 2023


MeVis Medical Solutions AG
Rolf Rzodeczko
Manager Regulatory Affairs
Caroline-Herschel-Strasse 1
BREMEN, BREMEN 28359
GERMANY

Re: K232045
    Trade/Device Name: MeVis Liver Suite
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-Ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: September 27, 2023
    Received: September 27, 2023

Dear Rolf Rzodeczko:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K232045 - Rolf Rzodeczko                                                             Page 2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                                                                   Digitally signed by                                                                                                        for
                                                           Gabriela M. Rodal -S
                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8B: Division of Imaging Devices and Electronic
                                             Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K232045

Device Name
MeVis Liver Suite


Indications for Use (Describe)
MeVis Liver Suite is an image analysis software and intended to be used for visualization of hepatic imaging studies
derived from CT and MR scanning devices (image source: single- and multiframe DICOM).

MeVis Liver Suite supports physicians in their workflow for evaluating the liver, related vascular anatomy, and the
volume of liver and liver vascular territories for treatment planning, preoperative evaluation of surgery strategies, and
post-procedure or therapy follow-up assessment of the hepatic system and related vascular structures.

MeVis Liver Suite supports image analysis for multiphase contrast enhanced CT, dynamic contrast enhanced MRI, and
MRCP. MeVis Liver Suite only allows import of homogenous image series (i.e., image and pixel size must be constant
within each series) and with orthogonal image matrix (without a gantry tilt). Images with a resolution of > 5mm slice
spacing are not suitable for image analysis with MeVis Liver Suite.

MeVis Liver Suite can be used for manual segmentation, user-defined manual labeling, and 3D visualization of:
    - abdominal organs (i.e., liver, stomach, duodenum, spleen, kidney, gallbladder, and pancreas)
    - liver related vascular structures (i.e., bile ducts, hepatic artery, hepatic vein, portal vein, and inferior vena cava)
    - lesions inside and adjacent to the liver

The tools for manual segmentation and 3D visualization are applicable for CT and MR imaging studies.
In addition to the manual segmentation tools, MeVis Liver Suite provides AI based semi-automatic pre-segmentation
tools for liver, hepatic artery, hepatic vein, and portal vein restricted to CT scans of potential living liver donors with
healthy livers and intended for:
    - Liver: contrast enhanced late-venous and venous phase
    - Hepatic vein: contrast enhanced late-venous and venous phase
    - Portal vein: contrast enhanced late-venous and venous phase
    - Hepatic artery: contrast enhanced arterial phase

Using MeVis Liver Suite, users can evaluate the segmented objects by exploring, calculating, and manually correcting:
    - the volume of the segmented abdominal organs (see above)
    - the volume of the segmented lesions inside and adjacent to the liver
    - the volume of the manually defined parts of the liver
      - by defining separation planes (“separation proposals”)
      - from vascular territories that are derived from the user-defined labeling of the liver related vascular structures
    - 3D visualizations of user-defined (vascular) tumor margins (coloring of area - based on user-defined margin sizes/
    distances - between the edges of user-defined lesions in relation to the edges of user-defined vascular structures of the
     liver)
    - based on user provided values, calculation of liver volume to body weight ratios (i.e., estimated weight for remnant or
     graft, body surface area, graft to recipient body weight ratio, graft to SLV ratio, remnant to body weight ratio).

Using a manual spatial registration of the images, the segmented objects (created on different CT phases and MRI
sequences) can be visualized together.


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 2                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

The information created with MeVis Liver Suite is intended to be used only in addition to the original images, clinical
data, and the real anatomical and clinical situation. Physicians make all final patient management, assessment, and
treatment decisions.
MeVis Liver Suite is not intended for the anatomical systems integumentary, skeletal, muscular, lymphatic, respiratory,
nervous, reproductive, and cardiovascular (excluding hepatic).
MeVis Liver Suite does not support the following application areas: real time viewing, diagnostic review, image
manipulation, optimization, virtual colonoscopy, and automatic lesion detection.
MeVis Liver Suite does not utilize high-resolution displays or display drivers and should not be used as a replacement for
a PACS workstation.

Intended Patient Population:
The intended patients for MeVis Liver Suite are oncologic patients or hepatic donor/transplant patients. CT or MR
imaging with contrast agents need to be possible for analysis of vascular structures inside the liver. The age group for the
intended patient population is 18 or older.
In addition, the semi-automatic pre-segmentation tools are restricted to CT scans of potential living liver donors with
healthy livers.

Intended Part of the Body:
Images supported for the intended medical indication include the abdominal body part with the liver and related vascular
structures (bile ducts, hepatic artery, hepatic vein, portal vein, inferior vena cava).

Intended User Profile:
The intended users are radiologists and surgeons.

Intended Use Environment:
The use environment is expected to be in an office environment under typical office conditions in hospitals or medical
practices.

Operation Principle:
The software acts as modality for display of CT or MR imaging data, and for visualization of the image analysis results on
a computer system. MeVis Liver Suite does not come into direct contact or indirect contact with patients or other medical
devices.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”


FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 2 of 2

K232045 510(k) Summary

1   Submitter

Submitted Name:        MeVis Medical Solutions AG
                           Caroline-Herschel-Straße 1
                       28359 Bremen
                      Germany

Establishment Name:     MeVis Medical Solutions AG

Establishment
Registration Number:     3010601176

Date Prepared:           07/10/2023

Contact Person:            Rolf Rzodeczko
                       Manager Regulatory Affairs

Telephone:             +49 (0)421 22495-120

Fax:                   +49 (0)421 22495-999

2   Device

Device Trade Name:      MeVis Liver Suite

Device Common Name:   MeVis Liver Suite

Regulation:             21 CFR 892.1750

Classification Name:     Computed tomography x-ray system

Product Code:          JAK

Class:                    Class II

Panel:                    Radiology


                                                                 MeVis Liver Suite 510(k) – K232045
                                                                               001-005, Rev 1 – 09/27/2023
                                                                                    Page 1

3   Primary Predicate Device

 510(k) Number  Primary Predicate Device                         Product Code

 K133643        syngo.CT Liver Analysis                         JAK


4  Secondary Predicate Device(s)

 510(k) Number  Secondary Predicate Device                       Product Code

 K173420        Radiomics App v1.0                             LLZ


5   Reference Device1

 510(k) Number  Reference Device                                Product Code

 K193562        AI-Rad Companion Organs RT                 QKB


6   Device Description

MeVis Liver Suite is an image analysis software and intended to be used for visualization of
hepatic imaging studies derived from CT and MR scanning devices (image source: single- and
multiframe DICOM).

MeVis Liver Suite supports physicians in their workflow for evaluating the liver, related vascular
anatomy, and the volume of liver and liver vascular territories for treatment planning, preoperative
evaluation of surgery strategies, and post-procedure or therapy follow-up assessment of the
hepatic system and related vascular structures.

The information created with MeVis Liver Suite is intended to be used only in addition to the
original images, clinical data, and the real anatomical and clinical situation. Physicians make all
final patient management, assessment, and treatment decisions.

Software and Operating System
MeVis Liver Suite is a standalone software application that can be installed on any PC that runs
on Windows 10 which meet the hardware requirements.

Supported Modalities
DICOM compatible CT and MR image data with or without contrast.
The tools for manual segmentation and 3D visualization (see below) are applicable for CT and
MR image data with the exception of the AI based semi-automatic pre-segmentation tools. The


1 Reference device for liver AI pre-segmentation performance acceptance criteria

                                                                 MeVis Liver Suite 510(k) – K232045
                                                                               001-005, Rev 1 – 09/27/2023
                                                                                    Page 2

semi-automatic pre-segmentation tools are restricted to CT scans of potential living liver donors
with healthy livers.

Image import and selection
MeVis Liver Suite supports image analysis for multiphase contrast enhanced CT, dynamic contrast
enhanced MRI, and MRCP. MeVis Liver Suite only allows import of homogenous image series
(i.e., image and pixel size must be constant within each series) and with orthogonal image matrix
(without a gantry tilt). Images with a resolution of > 5mm slice spacing are not suitable for image
analysis with MeVis Liver Suite.

MeVis Liver Suite can be used to manually select DICOM images (CT and MR) for import.
The user can visually inspect the images, if the anatomical structures are visible and if the image
resolution and image quality is acceptable for the manual segmentation and the user’s needs.

Segmentation and 3D visualization
MeVis Liver Suite provides multiple contouring tools for manual segmentation.
The user has  full control over the workflow and decides which structures to segment. 3D
visualizations are created on demand. The following segmentation workflows are available:

     •  Abdominal organs
      MeVis Liver Suite is intended to be used to manually segment and visualize liver, stomach,
      duodenum, spleen, kidney, gallbladder, or pancreas using contouring tools. Users can
       inspect and manually correct, add, and delete their segmentation until they are satisfied
       with the result. The following tools are available:
        o  Freehand contouring
        o  Region Growing
    •   Liver related vascular structures
      MeVis Liver Suite is intended to be used to manually segment and visualize bile ducts,
       hepatic artery, hepatic vein, portal vein, and inferior vena cava, including the option to
      manually classify different vessels of the vascular branches by assigning them userdefined labels. Users can inspect and manually correct, add, and delete their segmentation
         until they are satisfied with the result. The following tools are available:
        o  Freehand drawing and freehand contouring
        o  Region Growing
        o  Edit and label 3D tree
    •  Lesions inside and adjacent to the liver
      MeVis Liver Suite is intended to be used to manually segment, visualize, and label user
        identified lesions inside and adjacent to the liver using:
        o  Freehand contouring
      MeVis Liver Suite does not identify or highlight lesions or other abnormalities.

Additionally, the user can use AI based semi-automatic pre-segmentation of liver and liver
related vascular structures to create a segmentation proposal. The semi-automatic presegmentation uses locked/non adaptive AI networks.
   •  Semi-automatic pre-segmentation of the liver
        o  Supported modalities
                  CT, contrast enhanced late-venous and venous phase
        o  Limitations
                  Only intended for living donor liver transplantation cases (healthy livers)
   •  Semi-automatic pre-segmentation for liver related vascular structures

                                                                 MeVis Liver Suite 510(k) – K232045
                                                                               001-005, Rev 1 – 09/27/2023
                                                                                    Page 3

o  Supported modalities
                  Hepatic vein: CT, contrast enhanced late-venous and venous phase
                   Portal vein: CT, contrast enhanced late-venous and venous phase
                  Hepatic artery: CT, contrast enhanced arterial phase
       o  Limitations
                  Only intended for living donor liver transplantation cases (healthy livers)

Evaluation of segmented objects
Users can evaluate the segmented objects by exploring, calculating, and manually correcting:
   •  Volume
      MeVis Liver Suite calculates the volume (via voxel-counting of segmentation mask) and
       displays the volume information to the user for the following manually segmented objects:
        o  Abdominal organs (i.e., liver, stomach, duodenum, spleen, kidney, gallbladder,
             pancreas)
        o  Lesions inside and adjacent to the liver
        o  Manually defined parts of the liver
                    “Separation proposals”
                 The user can manually define separation planes that part the liver into
                          virtual parts. The user manually labels the parts as either “resection”/”graft”
                          (for coloring the 3D visualization of the user-defined part with a red color),
                      or “remnant” (green color)
                  “Vascular territories”
                   Using the user-defined labeling (name and color) of vessel subtrees, the
                     software calculates segmentation masks for the corresponding vascular
                          territories within the liver
    •  3D visualizations of user-defined (vascular) tumor margins (coloring of area - based
      on user-defined margin sizes/distances - between the edges of user-defined lesions in
        relation to the edges of user-defined vascular structures of the liver)
        o  The distance of vascular structures to user selected lesions can be visualized with
              colored 3D visualizations:
                     with color coded vascular structures (“vascular tumor margins”)
                     with color coded voxels around a lesion inside the liver (“tumor margins”)
   •  Based on user provided values, calculation of liver volume to body weight ratios
      MeVis Liver Suite provides the following calculations:
        o  Estimated Weight for Remnant and Graft
        o  Body Surface Area
        o  Graft to Recipient Body Weight Ratio
        o  Graft to Standard Liver Volume (SLV) Ratio
        o  Remnant Volume to Body Weight Ratio
Manual spatial registration
MeVis Liver Suite supports performing a manual spatial registration of the images from different
modalities and studies (CT and MR). The user can manually align the imported images visually in
pairs on top of each other using manual rigid registration.

Reporting
Using MeVis Liver Suite, the user can report results of the image analysis in different formats
(DICOM for archiving, with DICOM definitions for 2D segmentation and 3D volumes; HTML
report).


                                                                 MeVis Liver Suite 510(k) – K232045
                                                                               001-005, Rev 1 – 09/27/2023
                                                                                    Page 4

7   Indications for Use

MeVis Liver Suite is an image analysis software and intended to be used for visualization of
hepatic imaging studies derived from CT and MR scanning devices (image source: single- and
multiframe DICOM).

MeVis Liver Suite supports physicians in their workflow for evaluating the liver, related vascular
anatomy, and the volume of liver and liver vascular territories for treatment planning, preoperative
evaluation of surgery strategies, and post-procedure or therapy follow-up assessment of the
hepatic system and related vascular structures.

MeVis Liver Suite supports image analysis for multiphase contrast enhanced CT, dynamic contrast
enhanced MRI, and MRCP. MeVis Liver Suite only allows import of homogenous image series
(i.e., image and pixel size must be constant within each series) and with orthogonal image matrix
(without a gantry tilt). Images with a resolution of > 5mm slice spacing are not suitable for image
analysis with MeVis Liver Suite.

MeVis Liver Suite can be used for manual segmentation, user-defined manual labeling, and 3D
visualization of:
     •   abdominal organs  (i.e.,  liver, stomach, duodenum, spleen, kidney, gallbladder, and
       pancreas).
     •    liver related vascular structures (i.e., bile ducts, hepatic artery, hepatic vein, portal vein,
      and inferior vena cava)
     •   lesions inside and adjacent to the liver
The tools for manual segmentation and 3D visualization are applicable for CT and MR imaging
studies.
In addition to the manual segmentation tools, MeVis Liver Suite provides AI based semi-automatic
pre-segmentation tools for liver, hepatic artery, hepatic vein, and portal vein restricted to CT scans
of potential living liver donors with healthy livers and intended for:
     •       Liver: contrast enhanced late-venous and venous phase
     •      Hepatic vein: contrast enhanced late-venous and venous phase
     •       Portal vein: contrast enhanced late-venous and venous phase
     •      Hepatic artery: contrast enhanced arterial phase

Using MeVis Liver Suite, users can evaluate the segmented objects by exploring, calculating, and
manually correcting:
     •   the volume of the segmented abdominal organs (see above)
     •   the volume of the segmented lesions inside and adjacent to the liver
     •   the volume of the manually defined parts of the liver
        o  by defining separation planes (“separation proposals”)
        o  from vascular territories that are derived from the user-defined labeling of the liver
               related vascular structures
     •  3D visualizations of user-defined (vascular) tumor margins (coloring of area - based on
       user-defined margin sizes/distances - between the edges of user-defined lesions in relation
        to the edges of user-defined vascular structures of the liver)
     •  based on user provided values, calculation of liver volume to body weight ratios (i.e.,
       estimated weight for remnant or graft, body surface area, graft to recipient body weight
         ratio, graft to SLV ratio, remnant to body weight ratio).


                                                                 MeVis Liver Suite 510(k) – K232045
                                                                               001-005, Rev 1 – 09/27/2023
                                                                                    Page 5

Using a manual spatial registration of the images, the segmented objects (created on different CT
phases and MRI sequences) can be visualized together.

The information created with MeVis Liver Suite is intended to be used only in addition to the
original images, clinical data, and the real anatomical and clinical situation. Physicians make all
final patient management, assessment, and treatment decisions.
MeVis Liver Suite is not intended for the anatomical systems integumentary, skeletal, muscular,
lymphatic, respiratory, nervous, reproductive, and cardiovascular (excluding hepatic).
MeVis Liver Suite does not support the following application areas: real time viewing, diagnostic
review, image manipulation, optimization, virtual colonoscopy, and automatic lesion detection.
MeVis Liver Suite does not utilize high-resolution displays or display drivers and should not be
used as a replacement for a PACS workstation.

Intended Patient Population:
The intended patients for MeVis Liver Suite are oncologic patients or hepatic donor/transplant
patients. CT or MR imaging with contrast agents need to be possible for analysis of vascular
structures inside the liver. The age group for the intended patient population is 18 or older.
In addition, the semi-automatic pre-segmentation tools are restricted to CT scans of potential living
liver donors with healthy livers.

Intended Part of the Body:
Images supported for the intended medical indication include the abdominal body part with the
liver and related vascular structures (bile ducts, hepatic artery, hepatic vein, portal vein, inferior
vena cava).

Intended User Profile:
The intended users are radiologists and surgeons.

Intended Use Environment:
The use environment is expected to be in an office environment under typical office conditions in
hospitals or medical practices.

Operation Principle:
The software acts as modality for display of CT or MR imaging data, and for visualization of the
image analysis results on a computer system. MeVis Liver Suite does not come into direct contact
or indirect contact with patients or other medical devices.

8   Technological Characteristics Comparison

The design, function, and specifications of MeVis Liver Suite are similar to the identified legally
marketed primary predicate and secondary predicate device. The MeVis Liver Suite software
combines  functionalities  of the  predicate devices. MeVis  Liver  Suite  allows the medical
professionals to display DICOM CT and MR images, and to do a segmentation of internal
structures of interest as organs, lesions, vascular structures, including functionality of automatic
pre-segmentation that supports the clinicians for contouring.
From a functionality point of view, MeVis Liver Suite and the combination of the predicate devices
are substantially equivalent and they cover the same (combined) intended use.


                                                                 MeVis Liver Suite 510(k) – K232045
                                                                               001-005, Rev 1 – 09/27/2023
                                                                                    Page 6

Key differences in design and performance between MeVis Liver suite and the predicate devices
are solely on a technical level.

Table 1  Comparison table for indications for use.
       Device                                           Indications for Use
 Subject Device      MeVis Liver Suite is an image analysis software and intended to be used for visualization of
 MeVis Liver Suite    hepatic imaging studies derived from CT and MR scanning devices (image source: single- and
                       multiframe DICOM).

                    MeVis Liver Suite supports physicians in their workflow for evaluating the liver, related vascular
                     anatomy, and the volume of liver and liver vascular territories for treatment planning,
                       preoperative evaluation of surgery strategies, and post-procedure or therapy follow-up
                    assessment of the hepatic system and related vascular structures.

                    MeVis Liver Suite supports image analysis for multiphase contrast enhanced CT, dynamic
                        contrast enhanced MRI, and MRCP. MeVis Liver Suite only allows import of homogenous
                    image series (i.e., image and pixel size must be constant within each series) and with
                       orthogonal image matrix (without a gantry tilt). Images with a resolution of > 5mm slice spacing
                      are not suitable for image analysis with MeVis Liver Suite.

                    MeVis Liver Suite can be used for manual segmentation, user-defined manual labeling, and 3D
                          visualization of:
                            •   abdominal organs (i.e., liver, stomach, duodenum, spleen, kidney, gallbladder, and
                               pancreas).
                            •    liver related vascular structures (i.e., bile ducts, hepatic artery, hepatic vein, portal
                                   vein, and inferior vena cava)
                            •   lesions inside and adjacent to the liver
                   The tools for manual segmentation and 3D visualization are applicable for CT and MR imaging
                         studies.
                          In addition to the manual segmentation tools, MeVis Liver Suite provides AI based semiautomatic pre-segmentation tools for liver, hepatic artery, hepatic vein, and portal vein
                          restricted to CT scans of potential living liver donors with healthy livers and intended for:
                            •    Liver: contrast enhanced late-venous and venous phase
                            •   Hepatic vein: contrast enhanced late-venous and venous phase
                            •    Portal vein: contrast enhanced late-venous and venous phase
                            •   Hepatic artery: contrast enhanced arterial phase

                     Using MeVis Liver Suite, users can evaluate the segmented objects by exploring, calculating,
                   and manually correcting:
                            •   the volume of the segmented abdominal organs (see above)
                            •   the volume of the segmented lesions inside and adjacent to the liver
                            •   the volume of the manually defined parts of the liver
                            o   by defining separation planes (“separation proposals”)
                            o   from vascular territories that are derived from the user-defined labeling of the
                                                   liver related vascular structures
                            •  3D visualizations of user-defined (vascular) tumor margins (coloring of area - based
                           on user-defined margin sizes/distances - between the edges of user-defined lesions in
                                    relation to the edges of user-defined vascular structures of the liver)
                            •   based on user provided values, calculation of liver volume to body weight ratios (i.e.,
                               estimated weight for remnant or graft, body surface area, graft to recipient body
                               weight ratio, graft to SLV ratio, remnant to body weight ratio).

                     Using a manual spatial registration of the images, the segmented objects (created on different
                CT phases and MRI sequences) can be visualized together.

                   The information created with MeVis Liver Suite is intended to be used only in addition to the
                           original images, clinical data, and the real anatomical and clinical situation. Physicians make all
                             final patient management, assessment, and treatment decisions.


                                                                 MeVis Liver Suite 510(k) – K232045
                                                                               001-005, Rev 1 – 09/27/2023
                                                                                    Page 7

MeVis Liver Suite is not intended for the anatomical systems integumentary, skeletal,
                     muscular, lymphatic, respiratory, nervous, reproductive, and cardiovascular (excluding
                        hepatic).
                  MeVis Liver Suite does not support the following application areas: real time viewing,
                       diagnostic review, image manipulation, optimization, virtual colonoscopy, and automatic lesion
                        detection.
                  MeVis Liver Suite does not utilize high-resolution displays or display drivers and should not be
                   used as a replacement for a PACS workstation.

                     Intended Patient Population:
                  The intended patients for MeVis Liver Suite are oncologic patients or hepatic donor/transplant
                        patients. CT or MR imaging with contrast agents need to be possible for analysis of vascular
                       structures inside the liver. The age group for the intended patient population is 18 or older.
                        In addition, the semi-automatic pre-segmentation tools are restricted to CT scans of potential
                           living liver donors with healthy livers.

                     Intended Part of the Body:
                   Images supported for the intended medical indication include the abdominal body part with the
                            liver and related vascular structures (bile ducts, hepatic artery, hepatic vein, portal vein, inferior
                   vena cava).

                     Intended User Profile:
                  The intended users are radiologists and surgeons.

                     Intended Use Environment:
                  The use environment is expected to be in an office environment under typical office conditions
                          in hospitals or medical practices.

                     Operation Principle:
                  The software acts as modality for display of CT or MR imaging data, and for visualization of the
                   image analysis results on a computer system. MeVis Liver Suite does not come into direct
                      contact or indirect contact with patients or other medical devices.
Primary Predicate   syngo.CT Liver Analysis is an image analysis software for CT volume data sets. It analyses the
device:                  liver and its intrahepatic vessel structures to identify the vascular territories of sub-vessel
Siemens syngo.     systems in the liver. These regions can be evaluated by exploring the volume of the liver and
CT Liver Analysis     its vascular territories.
(K133643)
                    Using syngo.CT Liver Analysis, you can evaluate the liver volume and examine the vessels of
                      the liver. The following evaluation tools are provided:
                      •   Computation and manual correction of liver volumes
                      •   Computation and manual correction of tumor volumes and extent
                      •   Computation and manual correction of liver vessel tree structure
                      •   Computation of territories based on vessel branches
                      •   Tumor position in relation to vessels (i.e. 3D visualization of liver, tumor and vessels)
                      •   Manual definition of separation plane proposals
                      •   Computation of volume of liver parts
                      •   Combination of information from different CT and MR phase volumes

                   syngo.CT Liver Analysis facilitates reporting by using of appropriate reporting tools, for
                    example, volume statistics and key image creation. You can use syngo.CT Liver Analysis to
                      create a DICOM Structured Report.
Secondary           Microsoft Radiomics Advanced Image Contouring v1.0 (Radiomics App) is a software-only
Predicate device:    medical device intended for use by trained radiation oncologists, dosimetrists and physicists to
Radiomics App      derive optimal organ and tumor contours for input to radiation treatment planning. Supported
v1.0 (K173420)      image modalities are Computed Tomography and Magnetic Resonance. Radiomics App
                       assists in the following scenarios:

                    Load, save and display of medical images and contours for treatment evaluation and treatment
                       planning.


                                                                MeVis Liver Suite 510(k) – K232045
                                                                              001-005, Rev 1 – 09/27/2023
                                                                                   Page 8

Creation, transformation, and modification of contours for applications including, but not limited
                              to: transferring contours to radiotherapy treatment planning systems, aiding adaptive therapy,
                    and archiving contours for patient followup.

                         Localization and definition of both solid tumors and healthy anatomical structures.

                      Fusion display of compatible images for treatment planning.

                       Three-dimensional rendering of medical images and the segmented contours.

                    Images reviewed using the Radiomics App software should not be used for primary image
                           interpretations.

                      Radiomics App is not for use with digital mammography.


Table 2  Comparison table for Substantial Equivalence Discussion
      Feature/      MeVis Liver Suite (subject     Primary Predicate device    Secondary Predicate device
       Item                  device)
  Device Name    MeVis Liver Suite           Siemens syngo. CT Liver     Radiomics App v1.0
                                                Analysis
  510(k) Number   K232045                   K133643                   K173420
  Indications for   See above                 See above                 See above
  Use
  Intended Users  The intended users are          intended for use by physicians   intended for use by trained
                       radiologists and surgeons.                                           radiation oncologists,
                                                                                         dosimetrists and physicists to
                                                                                       derive optimal organ and
                                                                             tumor contours for input to
                                                                                            radiation treatment planning.
  Patient         The intended patients for         Patients requiring analysis of    Oncologic patients
  population      MeVis Liver Suite are               liver and its intrahepatic vessel
                    oncologic patients or hepatic      structures.                   Designed to contour/delineate
                     donor/transplant patients.       (No restrictions regarding        both healthy anatomical
                                                     healthy liver donors, oncologic   structures as well as lesions
              CT or MR imaging with            patients, …)                  such as solid tumors.
                     contrast agents need to be
                     possible for analysis of
                    vascular structures inside the
                           liver.

                 The age group for the intended
                      patient population is 18 or
                       older.

                       In addition, the semi-automatic
                    pre-segmentation tools are
                       restricted to CT scans of
                       potential living liver donors
                      with healthy livers.

  Intended Part    Images supported for the           liver and its intrahepatic vessel  No restrictions.
  of the Body      intended medical indication       structures
                     include the abdominal body
                      part with the liver and related
                    vascular structures (bile ducts,
                     hepatic artery, hepatic vein,
                       portal vein, inferior vena cava).
  Product Code   JAK                     JAK                       LLZ


                                                                  MeVis Liver Suite 510(k) – K232045
                                                                                001-005, Rev 1 – 09/27/2023
                                                                                    Page 9

Software        Standalone software           Image analysis software for      Software only medical device
                                                  syngo.via
OS            Windows 10 (64-bit)             syngo.via platform               Microsoft Windows


Supported     DICOM CT and MR         CT and MR               CT and MR
Modalities
Image import   DICOM images are manually    The user has to decide which   The user manually loads
and selection     selected and imported into       anatomical structures need to   images into the software.
               MeVis Liver Suite.            be evaluated and on which CT
                                                     series the necessary
                                                      structures have to be
                                             segmented.
Segmentation    •    Liver,                       •    Liver                       •  No restrictions
of abdominal     •   Stomach,
organs                   •   Duodenum,
                   •   Spleen,
                   •   Kidney,
                   •   Gallbladder, and
                   •   Pancreas
                Manual segmentation, user-     Automatic segmentation of       Assisted and automatic
                  defined manual labelling, and      liver, interactive manual         contouring modes. Creation,
             3D visualization.                  correction of the resulting        transformation, and
                 For segmenting the liver, the     contour.                         modification of contours.
                 user can trigger a semiautomatic pre-segmentation
                    that creates contours of the
                      liver. The created contours
                can be manually corrected with
                     interactive contouring tools.
Segmentation   Manual segmentation, user-     Segmentation of tubular                       n/a
of liver related    defined manual labelling, and     structures using a semivascular       3D visualization of liver related   automated segmentation of
structures        vascular structures (bile ducts,    arterial, portal venous and
                  hepatic artery, hepatic vein,     venous vascular bile ducts
                    portal vein, inferior vena cava).   tree.

                Semi-automatic pre-         The segmentation is
                segmentation for liver         performed by setting seed
                  related vascular structures is   point into vessels entering the
                    available: the user can click in     liver and the system
               a user-identified vessel and      automatically starts to
                  the software detects the        segment the whole
                 connected vessels. The user     intrahepatic vascular object.
                can manually correct, add, or    The user can manually add or
                   delete detected vessels          delete vessels.
                     interactively
Segmentation    Lesions inside and adjacent to   Semi-automated segmentation  Tumors
of lesions        the liver                           of liver lesions.
                Manual segmentation, user-     The user triggers automatic      Creation, transformation, and
                  defined manual labelling, and    segmentation by drawing a       modification of contours.
             3D visualization of lesions        stroke across a lesion at its       Localization and definition of
                    inside and adjacent to the liver.   largest extent. The user can      solid tumors.
                                                      correct the given contour of a
                                                         lesion.
Users can       Abdominal organs (i.e., liver,     Computation and manual       Segmentation volume
evaluate the     stomach, duodenum, spleen,     correction of liver volumes.
segmented       kidney, gallbladder, pancreas)
objects by

                                                                MeVis Liver Suite 510(k) – K232045
                                                                              001-005, Rev 1 – 09/27/2023
                                                                                  Page 10

exploring,        Lesions inside and adjacent to   Computation and manual
calculating,      the liver (according to their       correction of tumor volumes
and manually    user defined label)            and extent.
correcting the
volume of        Manually defined parts of the    Manual definition of separation
manually           liver “Separation Proposals”:”    plane proposals and
segmented      The user can manually define    computation of volume of liver
objects of        separation planes that part the    parts.
interest             liver into virtual parts. The user
                 manually labels the parts as
                    either “resection”/”graft”.

                 Manually defined parts of the    Computation of territories
                       liver “Vascular territories”:       based on vessel branches by
                 Using the user-defined          semi-automated 3D mapping
                     labelling of vessel branches       of vascular territories onto liver
                  the software can approximate    tissue and computation of
             3D visualizations of vascular    volume of liver parts.
                      territories within the liver and
                   calculate the appropriate
                volumes of the different parts
3D             The user can manually enter    Tumor position in relation to     2d distance measurement
visualizations     different margin values, which    vessels (i.e. 3D visualization of
of user-defined   are used to create color-coded    liver, tumor and vessels). The
(vascular)      3D visualizations around user    margin size can be chosen
tumor margins   defined lesions.                    interactively for calculating
(coloring of                                        safety margin around given
area - based on                                  tumors.
user-defined
margin
sizes/distances
- between the
edges of userdefined lesions
in relation to
the edges of
user-defined
vascular
structures of
the liver)
Based on user   The user can enter the weight    n/a                             n/a
provided        and height of a patient. Using
values,           the user-defined manually
calculation of    created segmentations, MeVis
liver volume to   Liver Suite can calculate liver
body weight     volume to body weight ratios
ratios                  (i.e., estimated weight for
                remnant or graft, body surface
                   area, graft to recipient body
                  weight ratio, graft to SLV ratio,
                remnant to body weight ratio).
Spatial          Using a manual spatial         Manual rigid registration of CT   Manual rigid registration.
Registration      registration of the images, the   phase volumes -
                 segmentations created on        In case more than one CT (or
                     different images (i.e. different   MR) series has been selected,
             CT phases and MRI             the series have to be manually
                sequences) can be visualized    aligned to each other to match
                   together. The user can         up the liver anatomy, using the
                 manually align the images in    manual alignment tool.
                    pairs on top of each other
                  using manual rigid registration


                                                                MeVis Liver Suite 510(k) – K232045
                                                                              001-005, Rev 1 – 09/27/2023
                                                                                  Page 11

Reporting        Reporting the results of image   Reporting - All findings                        n/a
                     analysis.                      generated by the user as well
                                              as calculated volumes and 3D
                                             images of the structures are
                                            summarized in one report.

9   Performance Data

Non-clinical Tests Discussion:

MeVis Liver Suite is the result of combining functionalities of the predicate devices into a single
new device. The validation and verification covered successful testing of the performance and
functionality of the subject device with respect to conformance to specifications. For validation,
human factors and usability engineering has been applied during development, which included a
formative evaluation as well as a summative evaluation with the intended user group. In addition,
user acceptance tests were conducted in order to get clinical feedback and to demonstrate that
MeVis Liver Suite supports clinical workflows.

The performance of the AI pre-segmentation for the liver and liver related vasculature has been
validated in a retrospective multi-center performance study:
        Liver: For semi-automatic AI pre-segmentation of the liver, MeVis Liver Suite achieved a
     mean and median DICE score > 85% with a median 95% Hausdorff (HD) value of <2.0
     mm. Subgroup analysis  indicates  that the AI algorithm generalize  well across  all
      subgroups. Compared to the reference device AI-Rad Companion Organs RT (K193562),
       both the DICE score and the HD value were similar in nature and achieved appropriate
        quality. As it can be seen in Table 3, the achieved performance of the MeVis Liver Suite
         liver AI pre-segmentation algorithm and reference device are comparable in DICE and
       Hausdorff Distance.

               Table 3  Performance comparison of liver AI pre-segmentation between MeVis
                            Liver Suite and reference device.
                                                       95% Hausdorff
                                                    DICE                                                                            Distance (HD)
                AI-Rad Companion Organs RT (K193562)     Median: 0.85   Median: 2.0 mm
                                                          Median: 0.98               MeVis Liver Suite                                         Median: 1.5 mm                                                       Mean: 0.98

       Liver  related vasculature: For the semi-automatic AI pre-segmentation  of vascular
       structures HV, PV and HA, bench tests that compare the output of the AI pre-segmentation
       algorithms with ground truth annotated by qualified experts show that the algorithms
      performed as expected.
      For a representative clinical multi-center dataset, the AI pre-segmentation results were
      assessed by 3 board certified surgeons/radiologists using a 5-point Likert scale. The
        qualitative scoring demonstrates that >80% of all expert scores rated the algorithm results
      as sufficiently accurate in the context of the clinical use.

Volume calculation of segmentations by MeVis Liver Suite are successfully verified and validated
via simulated phantom and clinical test data:
    •  The accuracy of volume is validated by comparing the measured volume of lesions in
         digital simulated phantom data with a reference value. The pass criteria for accuracy of
      volume calculation is fulfilled.

                                                                 MeVis Liver Suite 510(k) – K232045
                                                                               001-005, Rev 1 – 09/27/2023
                                                                                   Page 12

•   Clinical test data was used to validate the precision of volume calculation in terms of
        repeatability. The pass  criteria  for  precision  of volume  calculation based on a
       representative test data set is fulfilled

The results of performance, functional, and validation testing demonstrate that the subject device
MeVis Liver Suite meets the specification and intended use, and is substantially equivalent to
those of the listed predicate devices.

Clinical Tests Discussion:

N/A - No clinical testing has been conducted to demonstrate substantial equivalence.

10  Conclusion

MeVis Medical Solutions has determined that  its device, MeVis Liver Suite, is substantially
equivalent to the identified predicate devices listed above. A comparison with the legally marketed
predicate devices indicates that it is substantially equivalent to these devices, and that it does not
raise any new safety or efficacy concerns. Non-clinical tests demonstrate that the device is
substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.


                                                                 MeVis Liver Suite 510(k) – K232045
                                                                               001-005, Rev 1 – 09/27/2023
                                                                                   Page 13