December 5, 2023

Adra Corporation
℅ Moeini Golnaz
Regulatory Consultant
GM Consulting
1425 Golden Meadow Square
SAN JOSE, CA 95117


Re: K232440
    Trade/Device Name: Adravision Perio
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical image management and processing system
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: November 9, 2023
    Received: November 9, 2023

Dear Moeini Golnaz:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K232440 - Moeini Golnaz                                                             Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                     Lu Jiang
                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiologic Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K232440

Device Name
Adravision Perio


Indications for Use (Describe)
Adravision Perio is a radiological semi-automated image processing software device intended to aid dental professionals
in the measurements of mesial and distal bone levels associated with each tooth from bitewing and periapical
radiographs. It should not be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or solely relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis.
The intended users of Adravision Perio are trained professionals including, but not limited to, dentists and dental
hygienists.

The intended patient population of the device is patients living in the United States, who are 22 years old or older, and that
do not have any remaining primary teeth. Adra Corporation has not evaluated the performance of the device on primary
dentition.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) Summary (K232440)

This summary of 510(k) information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements
of 21 CFR Part 807.92.

Date:                  Dec 1, 2023

Applicant:             MedEdge Consulting
                         Golnaz Moeini
                         golnaz.moeini@gmail.com
                         408-504-3187


Trade Name:              Adravision Perio

Common Name:           Dental Image Processing Software

Regulation Name:         Medical Image Management and Processing System

Regulation Number:      21 CFR 892.2050

Product Code: Device     QIH

Classification: Device      Class II

Description:               Adravision Perio is a Software as a Medical Device (SaMD)
                           intended to aid dentists in the measurement of mesial and distal
                        bone  levels  associated  with  each  tooth on  bitewing and
                              periapical dental radiographs of permanent teeth in patients 22
                            years of age or older.

                       The device provides assistance to dentists by suggesting the
                        measurement  of  interproximal  bone  levels.  The  device
                         recommendations are for reference only and the user should
                          review associated radiographs, view annotations and modify
                            annotations   if  needed. The  device  is  not  intended  as  a
                           replacement for a complete clinician's review or their clinical
                         judgment because users can take into account other relevant
                            information from the image, intraoral exam or patient history.

Indications for Use:        Adravision  Perio  is  a  radiological  semi-automated  image
                            processing software device intended to aid dental professionals
                              in the measurements of mesial and distal bone levels associated
                           with each tooth from bitewing and periapical radiographs. It
                           should not be used in-lieu of full patient evaluation or solely
                               relied upon to make or confirm a diagnosis.

                       The intended users of Adravision Perio are trained professionals
                             including, but not limited to, dentists and dental hygienists.

                       The intended patient population of the device is patients living
                              in the United States, who are 22 years old or older, and that do
                            not have any remaining primary teeth. Adra Corporation has not
                            evaluated the performance of the device on primary dentition.
Predicate Device:          Overjet Inc., Overjet Dental Assist, 510(k): K210187
                         Trade Name: Overjet Dental Assisst
                              Classification Name: Medical Image Management and Processing System
                           Regulation number: 21 CFR 892.2050, Product Code: LLZ, Class II
Substantial Equivalence:


                                         Primary Predicate
   Feature/        Proposed Device
                                                 Overjet Dental Assist       Identical?
   Function      Adravision Perio Device
                                            K210187

               Bitewing and periapical      Bitewing and periapical
 Data source                                                        Yes
                radiographs                  radiographs

               Images imported from the
                 radiographic device, or      Images imported from the
 Image input    from the practice             radiographic device, or from
                                                     No
 sources1      management system, or       the practice management
               manually uploaded into the   system
               system

            DICOM, JPEG, JPG, PNG,
 Image
                TIFF, TIF, JFIF or BMP       jpg, png, jfif, eop, etp, jif     No
 format2
                     file

             Web- Edge, Chrome,
 Platform3                         Web - Edge, Chrome, Firefox  No
                  Firefox, Brave, Safari

 End user        Dentist, dental hygienist      Dentist, dental hygienist       Yes
 Patient       The intended patient        The intended patient                                                                   Yes
 population     population of the device is    population of the device is

Primary Predicate
   Feature/        Proposed Device
                                                 Overjet Dental Assist       Identical?
   Function      Adravision Perio Device
                                            K210187

                  patients living in the United   patients living in the United
                   States, who are 22 years old   States, who are 22 years old
                 or older, that do not have     or older, and that do not have
               any remaining primary      any remaining primary teeth.
                   teeth.

 Operating
            Any                  Any                        Yes
 system

 User
              Mouse, keyboard, trackpad   Mouse, keyboard, trackpad     Yes
 Interface

 Patient
 Database     SQL                SQL                       Yes
 Compatibility

 Image
                   Full, thumbnail                Full, thumbnail              Yes
 Viewing

 Features
             Bone level               Bone level                  Yes
 detected

 Model output   Line segments              Line segments               Yes


Discussion of Differences
Both the proposed and the predicate device are designed to be similar in intended use,
indications for use, intended users, and intended use environment. Both devices utilize
machine learning technologies to measure interproximal bone levels in dental radiographs
and allow users to visualize the radiographs with annotations, add their own annotations and
use the information as part of their diagnostic decision.

Other similarities include both software have no direct contact with the patient and both
systems utilize standard image types.

A few technological differences between the proposed and the predicate device are discussed
below. These differences are deemed to not raise questions of safety and efficacy are detailed
below.

Image input sources1 - Both the proposed device and predicate support image input sources
from the radiographic device and the practice management system. The proposed device

additionally accepts manual upload of  radiographs into the software which the predicate
device does not support. The V&V testing for the device demonstrates the device’s capability
in supporting the analysis of all image input sources. This minor difference does not raise
new questions of safety and efficacy compared to the predicate device.

Image formats2 - Both the proposed device and predicate support image formats of JPG,
PNG, and JFIF. The proposed device additionally accepts DICOM, JPEG, TIFF, TIF and
BMP image formats that the predicate device does not support. The V&V testing for the
device demonstrates the device's capability in supporting the analysis of all the designated
image formats and demonstrates that this minor difference does not raise new questions of
safety and efficacy compared to the predicate device.

Platform3  - Both the proposed device and predicate device support common browsers of
Edge, Chrome and Firefox. The proposed device additionally works on Safari and Brave. The
V&V testing for the device demonstrates the device's capability to function on designated
browsers and demonstrates that this minor difference does not raise new questions of safety
and efficacy compared to the predicate device.

Performance Testing:

Software Verification and Validation Testing

Software verification and validation testing were conducted and documentation provided as
recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”. The software for this
device was considered as a Basic Documentation Level, since a failure or latent flaw could
indirectly  result  in minor  injury  to  the  patient or  user through  incorrect or delayed
information through the action of a care provider.

Bench Testing

Adra completed standalone studies according to the predefined protocols to demonstrate the
safety and effectiveness of the Adravision Perio device for its indications for use.

Bench testing included evaluation of performance based upon a ground truth data set utilizing
(i) Object Key Similarity (OKS) Assessment, and
(ii) Length Measurement Assessment.

In the OKS Assessment, Adravision Perio was evaluated with a total dataset of 340 dental
radiographs (bitewing and periapical radiographs) and evaluated the precision and recall
against the key points labeled by a ground truther within those radiographs.

Metric                   Bitewing                    Periapical

          Precision                  91.0%                   84.8%

           Recall                   94.0%                   89.3%


In the Length Measurement Assessment, Adravision Perio was evaluated with a dataset of 78
dental radiographs and evaluated the sensitivity and specificity against the consensus CAL
length measurements labeled by three (3) ground truthers within those radiographs.


          Metric                   Bitewing                   Periapical

           Sensitivity                    90.7 %                      92.5 %

          Specificity                    94.3 %                      86.8 %

    Mean Absolute Error              0.434 mm                   0.504 mm


Analysis of study results for patient age, gender, clinic site, region of the mouth and sensor
type were performed as subgroup analysis.

Adravision Perio also obtained an overall tooth number classification accuracy of 91.8% in
the OKS study and 93.2% in the Length Assessment demonstrating that it can well locate the
CAL measurements on the relevant tooth number and tooth surface.

Our bench testing showed that Adravision Perio software met the prespecified performance
requirements when evaluated against ground truth labeling and demonstrated robustness and
reliability in drawing CAL line segments in clinically relevant locations with accurate length
on the relevant tooth.

No adverse effects or complications were recorded associated with this bench study since all
radiographs were collected retrospectively and no treatment decisions were made.

Conclusion:

Adravision Perio is substantially equivalent to the predicate device, Overjet Dental Assist.
Differences do not raise any concerns about the safety or efficacy of the device.