Milvue
℅ Rory Carrillo
Regulatory Consultant
Cosm
45 Bartlett St.
San Francisco, California 94110

                                                  May 10, 2024
Re: K232410
    Trade/Device Name: SmartChest
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2080
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer aided triage and notification software
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QFM
    Dated: August 10, 2023
    Received: April 8, 2024

Dear Rory Carrillo:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 1 0
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K232410 - Rory Carrillo                                                               Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                                 Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                             Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                  Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                   Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                            See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 K23241 0
Device Name
 SmartChest

Indications for Use (Describe)
 SmartChest  is a radiological computer assisted triage and notification software that analyzes frontal
 chest X-ray images (Postero-Anterior (PA) or Antero-Posterior (AP)) of transitional adolescents (18
 21 yo but treated like adults) and adults (222 yo) for the presence of suspected pleural effusion
 and/or pneumothorax. SmartChest uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze the images for
 features suggestive of critical findings and provides case-level output available to a PACS (or other
 DICOM storage platforms) for worklist prioritization.

 As a passive notification for prioritization-only software tool within the standard of care workflow,
 SmartChest does not send a proactive alert directly to a trained medical specialist.

 SmartChest  is not intended to direct attention to a specific portion of an image. Its results are not
 intended to be used on a stand-alone basis for clinical decision-making.

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                  Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)         ]Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
                       This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information  is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
          time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
         and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                         Department of Health and Human Services
                                       Food and Drug Administration
                                               Office of Chief Information Officer
                                        Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                        PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
              "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                   information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) Summary
  Contact Details                                            21 CFR 807.92(a)(1)


  Applicant Address

  Applicant Contact Telephone

  Applicant Contact

  Applicant Contact Email

  Correspondent Name

  Correspondent Address

  Correspondent Contact Telephone

  Correspondent Contact

  Correspondent Contact Email

      Name                                           21 CFR 807.92(a)(2)IDevice

  Device Trade Name

 Common Name

  Classification Name

  Regulation Number

  Product Code

  Legally Marketed Predicate Devices                        21 CFR 807.92(a)(3)

  Predicate#            Predicate Trade Name (Primary Predicate is listed first)            Product Code

  K211733               Lunit INSIGHT CXR Triage                         QFM

         Description Summary                               21 CFR 807.92(a)(4)IDevice

SmartChest is a radiological computer assisted triage and notification software that analyzes frontal chest X-ray images (Postero-Anterior
(PA) and/or Antero-Posterior (AP)) of transitional adolescents (18 ≤ age ≤ 21 yo but treated like adults) and adults (22 yo ≤ age) for the
presence of suspected pleural effusion and/or pneumothorax. The software utilizes Al-based image analysis algorithms to detect the
findings.

SmartChest provides case-level output available in the workstation for worklist prioritization by appropriately trained medical specialists
qualified to interpret chest radiographs.Chest radiographs are automatically received from the user's image acquisition or storage
systems (e.g., PACS, other DICOM storage platforms) and processed by SmartChest for analysis. After receiving Chest X-Ray images, the
device automatically analyzes the images and identifies pre-specified suspected findings (pleural effusion and/or pneumothorax). Then
the analysis results are passively sent by SmartChest via a notification to the worklist software being used (PACS, or other platforms).

The results are made available via a newly generated DICOM series (containing a secondary capture image), where DICOM tags contains
the following information:

  1. "SUSPECTED FINDING" or "CASE PROCESSED" if the algorithm ran successfully, "NOT PROCESSED" if the algorithm receives a study
containing chest images that are not part of the intended use (lateral views or excluded age for example).

  2. "SUSPECTED PLEURAL EFFUSION" OR "SUSPECTED PNEUMOTHORAX" if one pre-specified finding category identified OR,

 3."SUSPECTED PLEURAL EFFUSION, PNEUMOTHORAX" if the two pre-specified finding categories identified

  4. The secondary capture image returned in the storage system indicates at the study-level:
    - The number of images received by SmartChest,
    - The number of images processed by SmartChest,
    - The status of the study: "NOT PROCESSED", "SUSPECTED FINDING" or "CASE PROCESSED".

The DICOM storage component may be a Picture Archiving and Communications (PACS) system or other local storage platforms. This
would allow the appropriately trained medical specialists to group suspicious exams together that may potentially benefit their
prioritization. Chest radiographs without an identified anomaly are placed in the worklist for routine review, which is the current
standard of care.

The device is not intended to be a rule-out device and for cases that have been processed by the device without notification for prespecified suspected findings it should not be viewed as indicating that the pre-specified findings are excluded. SmartChest device does
not alter the order nor remove imaging exams from the interpretation queue. Unflagged cases should still be interpreted by medical
specialists.

The notification is contextual and does not provide any diagnostic information. The results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone
basis for clinical decision-making. The summary image will display the following statement: "The product is not  for Diagnostic Use-For
Prioritization Only".

Model Training
The training of the algorithm is made by using X-Ray radiographies collected from an unfiltered stream of exams in four French
institutions between October 2018 & December 2021.

The distribution of data, aggregated from unfiltered streams of exams of targeted institutions is necessarily representative of the real-life
distribution. The Training Set is composed of 9560 images, the distribution of exams per pathology for the Training Set is as follows:

   i. No findings - 7,412 images
   ii. Pleural Effusion - 1,435 images
   iii. Pneumothorax - 713 images

These images are then processed to fit the model's requirements, which can involve resizing and normalizing the images. A structure of
the CNN is then defined, which consists of different types of layers. The collected data are used to train the model, adjusting its weights
based on the errors it makes in predictions. To fine-tune the model and prevent it from overly specializing in the training data, a separate
validation set is used. Finally, the model's performance is assessed with a testing set to see how well it can handle unseen data.
Depending on the results, it is possible to go back and adjust the data, model's structure, or fine-tuning parameters, then repeat the
training process until the model performs satisfactorily

Intended Use/Indications for Use                           21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)

  SmartChest is a radiological computer assisted triage and notification software that analyzes frontal chest X-ray images (Postero-Anterior
  (PA) or Antero-Posterior (AP)) of transitional adolescents (18 - 21 yo but treated like adults) and adults (≥22 yo) for the presence of
  suspected pleural effusion and/or pneumothorax. SmartChest uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze the images for features
  suggestive of critical findings and provides case-level output available to a PACS (or other DICOM storage platforms) for worklist
   prioritization.

  As a passive notification for prioritization-only software tool within the standard of care workflow, SmartChest does not send a proactive
  alert directly to a trained medical specialist.

  SmartChest is not intended to direct attention to a specific portion of an image. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone
  basis for clinical decision-making.


  Indications for Use Comparison                            21 CFR 807.92(a)(5)I

  The predicate device Indications for Use is: Lunit INSIGHT CXR Triage is a radiological computer-assisted triage and notification
  software that analyzes adult chest X-ray images for the presence of pre-specified suspected critical findings (pleural effusion and/or
  pneumothorax). Lunit INSIGHT CXR Triage uses an artificial intelligence algorithm to analyze images for features suggestive of critical
  findings and provides case-level output available in the PACS/workstation for worklist prioritization or triage. As a passive notification
  for prioritization-only software tool within standard of care workflow, Lunit INSIGHT CXR Triage does not send a proactive alert directly
  to the appropriately trained medical specialists. Lunit INSIGHT CXR Triage is not intended to direct attention to specific portions of an
  image or to anomalies other than pleural effusion and/or pneumothorax. Its results are not intended to be used on a stand-alone basis
  for clinical decision-making.

  The Indications for Use are similar and the Intended Use is the same.

  Technological Comparison                                21 CFR 807.92(a)(6)

  The subject device (SmartChest) and the predicate device (Lunit INSIGHT CXR) are both radiological computer assisted prioritization
  notification software. The technologies use artificial intelligence algorithms to analyze radiological images.

  The subject and predicate devices share similar technological characteristics as follows:
   - target population, intended user and use environment, anatomical site and modality, means of notification, standalone performance
  level, and triage effectiveness.

   All outputs are the same between the subject device and the primary device.

  The only difference is related to the predicate device being able to connect to radiological imaging equipment and in parallel also
  connecting to PACS. The subject device only connects to the PACS (or other DICOM storage platforms) and flags cases there.

  These differences do not change or modify the risks associated with the device type nor does it raise new questions of safety or
  effectiveness.

  Both the subject device and predicate device are only intended to passively notify the end user that a study is suspicious of the indicated
  findings and enable them to prioritize those studies, but the end user is still required to review all images and make the find clinical
  diagnosis.

  Therefore,Non-Clinicalby examinationand/orof the device'sClinicalintendedTestsuse andSummarytechnological attributes,& Conclusionssubstantial equivalence21isCFRsupported.807.92(b)

Safety and performance of the SmartChest product has been evaluated and verified in accordance with software specifications and
applicable performance standards through software verification and validation testing. Additionally, the software validation activities
were performed in accordance with IEC 62304:2006/ A1:2016 - Medical device software - Software life cycle processes, in addition to the
FDA Guidance documents, "Guidance for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices" and
"Content of Premarket Submission for Management of Cybersecurity in Medical Devices."

Standalone Performance Testing
Two individual standalone performance assessment studies were conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of SmartChest. The studies
were conducted on a dataset representative of the US population. This performance test data set was obtained from sites that were
different from the training data sites and therefore this ensured the independence of the test data from training data. Each study was
conducted on a dataset of 300 Chest X-Ray cases of transitional adolescent (18-21 years old) and adult (22 years and older) US subjects
obtained from multiple institutions across the US..The ground-truth for the presence or absence of pneumothorax and pleural effusion
was established by three ABR-certified radiologists with a minimum of 5 years of experience in cardiothoracic radiology: two radiologists
independently interpreted each case and the third radiologist independently reviewed the cases where there was disagreement
between the first two. The final reference standard was determined by majority consensus.

The evaluated performance metrics were similar to the predicate device: ROC AUC, Sensitivity, Specificity, and mean execution time
(time from submission of the CXR case to the device to the provision of an output as a notification). For pneumothorax, the results are as
follows: ROC AUC 0.989 [0.978; 0.997], Sensitivity 92.7% [95% Cl: 87.4-96.2], and Specificity 97.3% [95% Cl:93.4-99.1 ], Mean execution
time of 2.322 ± 0.267 seconds on a local server and 28.542 ± 8.254 seconds on a cloud server. The dataset consisted of male (167 cases)
and female (133 cases) and included an age range from 18 years to above 65 years. Images were obtained from rural (49) and urban (251)
sites from across New York, North Carolina, Texas, and elsewhere. The dataset was obtained from various imaging system manufacturers
and included AP (115 cases) and PA views (160 cases).

For pleural effusion, the results were as follows: ROC AUC 0.975 [0.960; 0.987], Sensitivity 93.3% [95% Cl: 88.1-96.4], Specificity 90.0%
[95% Cl: 84.1-94.1], Mean execution time of 2.288 ± 0.165 seconds on a local server and 28.257 ± 7.226 seconds on a cloud server. The
dataset consisted of male (158 cases) and female (142 cases) and included an age range from 18 years to above 65 years. Images were
obtained from rural (53) and urban (247) sites from across New York, North Carolina, Texas, Washington, and elsewhere. The dataset was
obtained from various imaging system manufacturers and included AP (105 cases) and PA views (180 cases).

In Summary, the SmartChest device performed successfully in the clinical pivotal studies. Standalone detection performance and
execution time for pleural effusion and pneumothorax were adequate as compared to the predicate device. SmartChest device can
therefore be considered as safe and effective as the predicate device.


Based on the information submitted in this premarket notification, and based on the indications for use, technological characteristics
and performance testing, the SmartChest product raises no new questions of safety and effectiveness and is substantially equivalent to
the predicate device in terms of safety, effectiveness, and performance.