February 15, 2024
Empatica, S.r.l.
Alberto Poli
Director, Quality & Regulatory Compliance
Via Stendhal, 36
Milan, 20144
Italy

Re: K232915
    Trade/Device Name: EpiMonitor
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 882.1580
    Regulation Name: Non-Electroencephalogram (EEG) Physiological Signal Based Seizure Monitoring
                    System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: POS, LEL, FLL
    Dated: January 18, 2024
    Received: January 18, 2024

Dear Alberto Poli:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K232915 - Alberto Poli                                                               Page 2


(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                                             Patrick
                                     Antkowiak -S
                                                  for
                                            Jay Gupta
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT5A: Division of Neurosurgical,
                                                Neurointerventional

K232915 - Alberto Poli Page 3
and Neurodiagnostic Devices
OHTS: Office of Neurological
and Physical Medicine Devices
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K232915

Device Name
EpiMonitor


Indications for Use (Describe)
EpiMonitor is a prescription only medical device system composed of a wearable device “EmbracePlus” and paired
mobile software application “EpiMonitor” intended as an adjunct to seizure monitoring in adults and children aged 6 and
up in a home environment or healthcare facilities. The device is worn on the wrist and senses Electrodermal Activity
(EDA) and motion data to detect patterns that may be associated with either primary or secondary generalized tonic clonic
seizures in patients with epilepsy or at risk of having epilepsy. When a seizure event is detected, the wearable device
component of EpiMonitor sends a command to a paired mobile device where the EpiMonitor App is programmed to
initiate an alert to a designated caregiver. The EpiMonitor app incorporates additional detection sensitivity modes, "high"
for use during periods of rest or sleeping or "low" for use during periods of low-intensity activity, in order to reduce false
alarm incidents.

EpiMonitor records, stores and transmits accelerometer, EDA, peripheral skin temperature and activity data for
subsequent retrospective review by a trained healthcare professional via a cloud-based software.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

K232915 - Page 1 of 14
Empatica Srl
Traditional 510(k)
EpiMonitor
empatica {>
EpiMonitor — 510(k)
510(k) Summary

Version 3.0

K232915 - Page 2 of 14
                        Empatica Srl
                         Traditional 510(k)
                                    EpiMonitor

                                   510(k) Summary

    I.   SUBMITTER

 Company Name                     Empatica Srl

 Establishment Registration Number    3012933969

 Contact Person                        Alberto Poli, Regulatory Affairs & Quality Manager

 Contact Person email               apo@empatica.com

 Address                               Via Stendhal, 36 - 20144, Milan, Italy

 Telephone Number                 +39 02 36165068

 Date prepared                       February 14, 2024

   II.   DEVICE
 Trade/Proprietary Name:     EpiMonitor
 Common/Usual Name:       non-EEG physiological signal based seizure monitoring system
Primary Product Code:

 Classification    Classification Name                    Device    Product  Classification
 Regulation                                                Class     Code     Panel

 882.1580       Non-electroencephalogram (EEG)         Class II   POS     Neurology
                  physiological signal based seizure
                monitoring system

Secondary Product Codes:

 Classification    Classification Name                    Device    Product  Classification
 Regulation                                                Class     Code     Panel

 882.5050       Device, Sleep Assessment                 Class II    LEL      Neurology

 880.2910      Thermometer, Electronic, Clinical          Class II    FLL      General Hospital

  III.   PREDICATE DEVICES

 Predicate    Name                Submitter       Product Code(s)            510(k)
 Device                                            Primary (Secondary)      Number

 Primary      Embrace             Empatica S.r.l.   POS                    K181861

               Empatica Health Secondary                         Empatica S.r.l.  DQA (DRG, FLL, GZO, LEL)   K221282               Monitoring Platform

None of these predicates have been subject to a design-related recall.
No reference devices were used in this submission.

K232915 - Page 3 of 14
                        Empatica Srl
                         Traditional 510(k)
                                    EpiMonitor

 IV.   DEVICE DESCRIPTION
The EpiMonitor system consists of a wearable device and mobile application:
   ●  A wearable medical device called EmbracePlus,
   ●  A mobile application running on smartphones called "EpiMonitor"
The EmbracePlus is worn on the user's wrist and continuously collects raw data via specific sensors,
these data are continuously analyzed by an on-board algorithm (EpiAlgo 2.1), which assesses the
physiological data and determines if the user may be undergoing a generalized tonic-clonic seizure
(GTCS). The  EpiAlgo  has been  validated  through  testing,  using  the  gold-standard  videoElectroencephalogram (EEG) methodology designed by a group of epileptologists at a top level 4
epilepsy center, from epilepsy patients experiencing GTCSs in hospital Epilepsy Monitoring Units.
When a likely GTCS is detected, EmbracePlus sends, via Bluetooth Low Energy, a message to the
EpiMonitor app. The EpiMonitor app communicates to the Empatica Cloud which initiates, through
the external provider a voice call and SMS text message is sent to summon the attention of userdesignated caregiver(s).
In addition to initiating alerts, the EpiMonitor app also continuously receives all the raw sensor data
collected by the EmbracePlus. These data are analyzed by one of the EpiMonitor app software
modules, EmpaDSP (paragraph 2.3.2), which computes the additional physiological parameters, such
as activity during sleep and peripheral skin temperature.
The EpiMonitor App is also responsible for transmitting, over a cellular data plan or Wi-Fi connection
the sensors' raw data, device information, and computed physiological parameters to the Empatica
Cloud. On the Empatica Cloud, these data are stored, and made available to healthcare providers via
a specific cloud-based software called Care Monitoring Portal.

 V.   INDICATION FOR USE
EpiMonitor  is a  prescription  only medical  device system composed  of a wearable  device
“EmbracePlus” and paired mobile software application “EpiMonitor” intended as an adjunct to seizure
monitoring in adults and children aged 6 and up in a home environment or healthcare facilities. The
device is worn on the wrist and senses Electrodermal Activity (EDA) and motion data to detect patterns
that may be associated with either primary or secondary generalized tonic clonic seizures in patients
with epilepsy or at risk of having epilepsy. When a seizure event is detected, the wearable device
component of EpiMonitor sends a command to a paired mobile device where the EpiMonitor App is
programmed to initiate an alert to a designated caregiver. The EpiMonitor app incorporates additional
detection sensitivity modes, "high" for use during periods of rest or sleeping or "low" for use during
periods of low-intensity activity, in order to reduce false alarm incidents.

EpiMonitor records, stores and transmits accelerometer, EDA, peripheral skin temperature and
activity data for subsequent retrospective review by a trained healthcare professional via a cloudbased software.

K232915 - Page 4 of 14
                                        Empatica Srl
                                            Traditional 510(k)
                                                          EpiMonitor

    I.   COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE DEVICES
The EpiMonitor system, including the EmbracePlus wearable and EpiMonitor App, is substantially equivalent to the identified predicate devices.
The devices have similar Indications for Use, features, technology, and accuracy.

                                                                           Empatica Health Monitoring                           EpiMonitor             Embrace (K181861)      Features                                                                     Platform (K221282)             Analysis of differences                           (Subject Device)             Primary Predicate                                                                              Secondary Predicate

                  Non-EEG physiological     Non-EEG physiological signal
  Common Name    signal based seizure        based seizure monitoring                  Oximeter                      N/A
                     monitoring system         system

       Device                          Empatica S.r.l.                Empatica S.r.l                  Empatica S.r.l.                    N/A    Manufacturer

       Device                                                           II                                                  II                                                     II                         N/A     Classification

    510(k) number            N/A                    K181861                    K221282                      N/A

   Primary Product                          POS                     POS                    DQA                       N/A       Code

  Secondary Product                          N/A                     N/A                  DRG, GZO, LEL, FLL                  N/A       Code

         Sterility                Non-Sterile                    Non-Sterile                      Non-Sterile                     N/A

                     EpiMonitor is intended as                               The Empatica Health            The subject device and primary                                         Non-EEG physiological                   an adjunct for the                                         Monitoring Platform is            predicate device are intended to    Intended Use                                    signal based seizure                      detection and alerting of                                   intended for the remote              provide remote patient                                               monitoring system                       possible seizures in                                        monitoring of physiological         monitoring with a wearable

K232915 - Page 5 of 14
                                        Empatica Srl
                                            Traditional 510(k)
                                                          EpiMonitor

                                                                           Empatica Health Monitoring                           EpiMonitor             Embrace (K181861)      Features                                                                     Platform (K221282)             Analysis of differences                           (Subject Device)             Primary Predicate                                                                              Secondary Predicate

                       patients with epilepsy or at                                parameters in ambulatory           device, and to issue alerts to
                          risk of having epilepsy, and                                    adults in home-healthcare        caregivers following detection of
                        for remote monitoring of                                   environments.                    patterns that may be associated
                       physiological parameters                                                                     with a user experiencing a
                    which may provide                                                                            generalized tonic clonic seizure,
                    supplementary support in                                                           and are therefore equivalent.
                     the clinical management of
                        epilepsy.                                                                           The subject device and the
                                                                                                          secondary predicate are intended
                                                                                                                                 for remote monitoring of
                                                                                                                       physiologic parameters to support
                                                                                                                                                 clinical management, and are
                                                                                                                        therefore equivalent.

                     EpiMonitor is a           The Embrace is a prescription                                 The subject device and primary                                                                      The Empatica Health
                       prescription only medical    only device that is indicated for                                    predicate device are intended to                                                                             Monitoring Platform is a
                      device system composed    use as an adjunct to seizure                                           provide remote patient                                                                           wearable device and paired
                       of a wearable device        monitoring of adults and                                           monitoring with a wearable                                                                            mobile and cloud-based
                    “EmbracePlus” and paired   children aged 6 and up in home                                         device, and to issue alerts                                                                              software platform intended to
                    mobile software            or healthcare facilities during                                        following detection of patterns                                                                     be used by trained healthcare
  Indications for Use   application “EpiMonitor”    periods of rest. The device is                                         that may be associated with a                                                                                     professionals or researchers to
                     intended as an adjunct to   worn on the wrist and senses                                      user experiencing a generalized                                                                             remotely monitor physiologic
                       seizure monitoring in       Electrodermal Activity (EDA) and                                       tonic clonic seizure, and are                                                                           parameters in ambulatory
                       adults and children aged 6  motion data to detect patterns                                          therefore equivalent.                                                                                          individuals 18 years of age and
                  and up in a home           that may be associated with                                                                                   older in home-healthcare
                    environment or healthcare  generalized tonic clonic seizures                               The subject device and primary                                                                              environments.
                             facilities. The device is        in patients with epilepsy or at                                     predicate device are indicated for

K232915 - Page 6 of 14
                                        Empatica Srl
                                            Traditional 510(k)
                                                          EpiMonitor

                                                                           Empatica Health Monitoring                           EpiMonitor             Embrace (K181861)      Features                                                                     Platform (K221282)             Analysis of differences                           (Subject Device)             Primary Predicate                                                                              Secondary Predicate

                  worn on the wrist and        risk of having epilepsy. When a   The device supports the          use in adults and children over 6
                     senses Electrodermal        seizure event is detected,        continuous monitoring of the     years old, and therefore have the
                         Activity (EDA) and motion   Embrace sends a command to a   following:                     same indicated age ranges.
                     data to detect patterns      paired wireless device that is                                                           ●  Peripheral skin
                       that may be associated     programmed to initiate an alert                               The subject device, primary and                                                                                  temperature,
                     with either primary or       to a designated caregiver. The                                    secondary predicate devices                                                           ●  Electrodermal activity
                    secondary generalized      System records and stores data                                 monitor physiological data from                                                           ●  Blood Oxygen Saturation
                       tonic clonic seizures in      from Accelerometer, EDA, and                                              the user.                                                                             under no motion conditions
                       patients with epilepsy or at  Temperature sensors for                                              This data is made available for                                                           ●   Activity associated with
                          risk of having epilepsy.      subsequent review by a trained                                    healthcare professionals to view                                                                   movement during sleep
               When a seizure event is     healthcare professional.                                                       retrospectively.
                      detected, the wearable                                 The Empatica Health              The subject device gathers
                      device component of                                      Monitoring Platform can be       Peripheral skin temperature and
                     EpiMonitor sends a                                     used to analyze circadian             activity data as physiological
                command to a paired                                    rhythms and assess activity in    parameters. These differ from the
                    mobile device where the                                 any instance where                configuration on the predicate
                     EpiMonitor App is                                              quantifiable analysis of physical   devices, as the primary predicate
                  programmed to initiate an                               motion is desirable.            does not include activity data and
                         alert to a designated                                                                        the secondary predicate also                                                                      The Empatica Health
                        caregiver. The EpiMonitor                                                                      includes blood oxygen saturation.                                                                             Monitoring Platform is not
                  app incorporates                                                                  The configuration of the subject                                                                             intended for SpO2 monitoring
                       additional detection                                                                          device therefore incorporates                                                                                              in conditions of motion or low
                         sensitivity modes, "high"                                                                           features of both and can                                                                                      perfusion.
                        for use during periods of                                                                          therefore be considered
                        rest or sleeping or "low"                                The Empatica Health                         equivalent.
                        for use during periods of                                   Monitoring Platform is
                       low-intensity activity, in                                    intended for peripheral skin

K232915 - Page 7 of 14
                                        Empatica Srl
                                            Traditional 510(k)
                                                          EpiMonitor

                                                                           Empatica Health Monitoring                           EpiMonitor             Embrace (K181861)      Features                                                                     Platform (K221282)             Analysis of differences                           (Subject Device)             Primary Predicate                                                                              Secondary Predicate

                     order to reduce false alarm                                temperature monitoring,       The subject device allows the user
                       incidents                                           where monitoring temperature      to temporarily change the
                     EpiMonitor records, stores                                     at the wrist is clinically            detection sensitivity to either a
                  and transmits                                                   indicated.                    low detection sensitivity setting or
                      accelerometers, EDA,                                                                          to turn it off. These have been
                      Peripheral skin                                                                            introduced to allow the patient to
                    temperature and activity                                                                             participate in activities which
                     data for subsequent                                                                             previously may have triggered a
                       retrospective review by a                                                                                          false alarm.
                      trained healthcare
                       professional via a cloud-                                                             The differences in physiological
                   based software.                                                                          parameters collected by the
                                                                                                                     subject device as compared to the
                                                                                                                    predicate devices do not impact
                                                                                                              the effectiveness or safety of the
                                                                                                                         subject device, as SpO2 and
                                                                                                                                          activity data are not used as
                                                                                                                      inputs to the algorithm used to
                                                                                                                  detect patterns associated with
                                                                                                                    generalized tonic-clonic seizures.

                      Adults and Children aged 6     Adults and Children aged 6                                 The subject device and primary  Target Population                                                                          Adult                           years and above               years and above                                               predicate are identical

                                                                                                     The subject device and the   Anatomical Site              Wrist                         Wrist                           Wrist                                                                                                                         predicates are identical

K232915 - Page 8 of 14
                                        Empatica Srl
                                            Traditional 510(k)
                                                          EpiMonitor

                                                                           Empatica Health Monitoring                           EpiMonitor             Embrace (K181861)      Features                                                                     Platform (K221282)             Analysis of differences                           (Subject Device)             Primary Predicate                                                                              Secondary Predicate

  Over the Counter                                                                                     The subject device and the                              Rx                         Rx                           Rx        or Rx                                                                                                            predicates are identical

                                                                                                   The subject device and primary
                                                                                                                        predicate are identical.
                                                                                                     The subject device and the                        Professional Healthcare                                                        Professional Healthcare                                    secondary predicate are intended    Environment            Facilities & Home                                Home environment                                                              Facilities & Home environment                                      for remote periodic monitoring of                          environment                                                                                                                       physiologic parameters to support
                                                                                                                                                 clinical management, and are
                                                                                                                        therefore equivalent.

                                                                                                   The subject device and primary
                                                                                                                   predicate have minor differences
                                                                                                                                   in their interface, with a change in
                                                                                                             the button location from a central                             Layperson:                   Layperson:                     Layperson:                                                                                                                 tap to two side buttons. This                       Device screen with two    Device Top Cover with a central    Device screen with two side                                                                                                                    allows for a ink-white display to                              side buttons                push button                      buttons                                                                                                             inform the user of the time and                    Mobile device application   Mobile device application (Alert  Mobile device application (Care    User Interface                                                                                                   battery percentage as an aide for                             (EpiMonitor)                   App)                         App)                                                                                                                                  daily compliance. These do not
                                                                                                                               affect clinical functionality which                               Caregiver(s):                    Caregiver(s):                      Caregiver(s):                                                                                                                                                                    is the same as the primary                         Voice call and SMS            Voice call and SMS              Not Applicable                                                                                                                                    predicate.
                                                                                                   The subject device and predicate
                                                                                                                   devices use different companion
                                                                                                                               applications, which represent

K232915 - Page 9 of 14
                                        Empatica Srl
                                            Traditional 510(k)
                                                          EpiMonitor

                                                                           Empatica Health Monitoring                           EpiMonitor             Embrace (K181861)      Features                                                                     Platform (K221282)             Analysis of differences                           (Subject Device)             Primary Predicate                                                                              Secondary Predicate

                                                                                                                           differences in functionality
                                                                                                                              available to the user such as
                                                                                                                                          sensitivity. This is discussed in a
                                                                                                                  separate part of this table.
                                                                                                  The secondary predicate features
                                                                                                                                identical hardware, and therefore
                                                                                                                                                                             is equivalent.

                                                                                                     The subject device and the    Energy Source              Battery                       Battery                          Battery                                                                                                                         predicates are identical

                                                                                                     The subject device and the     Battery Type      Rechargeable Lithium-Ion      Rechargeable Lithium-Ion        Rechargeable Lithium-Ion                                                                                                                         predicates are identical

                      Bluetooth® Low Energy    Bluetooth® Low Energy (device   Bluetooth® Low Energy (device      Wireless                        (device to mobile device)          to mobile device)                to mobile device)           The subject device and the   Communication                       IEEE 802.11 WiFi/cellular     IEEE 802.11 WiFi/cellular to      IEEE 802.11 WiFi/cellular to         predicates are identical       Interface                          to Empatica cloud             Empatica cloud                Empatica cloud

                     Compliant to ISO 10993-1  Compliant to ISO 10993-1           Compliant to ISO 10993-1
                                                                                                     The subject device and the
                     Device housing:            Device housing:                 Device housing:                 secondary predicate are identical
                  ●  Polycarbonate       ●  Anodized aluminum       ●  Polycarbonate                in their contacting materials.  Patient contacting                  ●   Stainless steel       ●  Polycarbonate           ●   Stainless steel           The subject device and primary      materials                  ●   Gorilla Glass 3       ●   Stainless steel           ●   Gorilla Glass 3           predicate utilize similar materials.
                  ●  Thermoplastic     Band (stretch variant):           ●  Thermoplastic              All materials are demonstrated to
                            Polyurethane        ●  Polyester                       Polyurethane            be compliant to ISO 10993-1.
                    Band:                   ●  Polyurethane           Band:

K232915 - Page 10 of 14
                                        Empatica Srl
                                            Traditional 510(k)
                                                          EpiMonitor

                                                                           Empatica Health Monitoring                           EpiMonitor             Embrace (K181861)      Features                                                                     Platform (K221282)             Analysis of differences                           (Subject Device)             Primary Predicate                                                                              Secondary Predicate

                  ●   Silicone Rubber      ●  Aluminum              ●   Silicone Rubber
                  ●   Stainless Steel       ●   Nickel-free chrome        ●   Stainless Steel
                                                         plated buckle or
                                              Chromium Nitride PVD
                                                     coated stainless steel
                                         Band (Vegan Leather variant):
                                      ●  Microfiber polyurethane
                                                   Buckle:
                                      ●   Stainless steel,
                                              Chromium Nitride PVD
                                                          coating

                        EpiAlgo (Version 2.1) -                                                             The ”high” sensitivity mode of
                    Uses algorithms to analyze                                                                 EpiMonitor is identical to the
                  EDA and accelerometer                                                                        predicate device. The “low”
                      data to detect patterns in                                                                                 sensitivity mode of the subject
                        the data that may be                                                                       device is not available in the                                                   EpiAlgo (Version 2.1) - Uses      Principle of         associated with GTC                                                                         predicate. The performance of the                                                  algorithms to analyze EDA and  Operation (Seizure   seizures and includes two                                                                ”low” sensitivity mode has been                                                accelerometer data to detect             N/A      Detection         sensitivity modes "high"                                                                   assessed through a longitudinal                                                  patterns in the data that may be     Algorithm)        for use during periods of                                                                              analysis of real-world data                                                   associated with GTC seizures.                         rest or sleeping or "low"                                                                  captured using the Embrace2.
                         for use during periods of                                                          The secondary predicate does not
                         low-intensity activity, in                                                                         feature seizure detection
                     order to reduce false alarm                                                                            capabilities and therefore it is not
                                 incidents.                                                                                             applicable.

K232915 - Page 11 of 14
                       Empatica Srl
                         Traditional 510(k)
                                    EpiMonitor
   II.   PERFORMANCE DATA
Non-Clinical testing (Bench testing)
The following non-clinical (bench) testing was conducted to support a determination of substantial
equivalence to the predicates and to demonstrate performance. The non-clinical bench tests included:

     Test Name                             Test Description                           Results

 Biocompatibility    The wearable device component of the EpiMonitor System, called  Passed
 testing             EmbracePlus, was tested in accordance with the FDA Guidance for
                      Industry and Food and  Drug  Administration  Staff  "Use  of
                      International Standard ISO 10993-1,  "Biological  evaluation  of
                    medical devices  - Part 1: Evaluation and testing within a risk
                 management  process" September  4, 2020, and  International
                    Standard ISO 10993-1:2018  "Biological  Evaluation  of Medical
                    Devices – Part 1: Evaluation and Testing Within a Risk Management
                      Process," as recognized by FDA. The testing included the following
                         tests:
                  ●   Cytotoxicity
                  ●   Sensitization
                  ●   Irritation
                  The EmbracePlus wearable device  is considered  skin surface
                     contacting for a permanent duration (> 30 days).

 Electrical    safety  The wearable  device component  of the EpiMonitor System,  Passed
 testing             EmbracePlus, was tested in accordance with International Standard
                     IEC 60601-1 for electrical safety.

 Electromagnetic    The wearable  device component  of the EpiMonitor System,  Passed
 compatibility       EmbracePlus, was tested in accordance with International Standard
 (EMC) testing       IEC 60601-1-2 for EMC.

 Wireless    Radio  The EpiMonitor System was tested to ensure it can communicate  Passed
 Communication      via wireless radio in its intended environment in compliance with
                FDA Radio Frequency Wireless Technology in Medical Devices
                    Guidance, issued August 2013.

 Usability testing    The EpiMonitor System has been assessed with regards to usability  Passed
                       for compliance with IEC 62366-1. The EmbracePlus was also tested
                        in accordance with  International Standard IEC 60601-1-6  for
                       Usability of medical devices.

 Home-Use testing   The wearable  device component  of the EpiMonitor System,  Passed
                    EmbracePlus, was tested in accordance with International Standard
                     IEC 60601-1-11 for medical devices used in home healthcare
                    environments.

 Cleaning validation  The wearable  device component  of the EpiMonitor System,  Passed
                    EmbracePlus, has been tested in accordance with International
                    Standard ISO 17664 and AAMI TIR 30 to assess device cleaning
                    procedure.

K232915 - Page 12 of 14
                        Empatica Srl
                         Traditional 510(k)
                                    EpiMonitor

     Test Name                             Test Description                           Results

 Manual           The wearable  device component  of the EpiMonitor System,  Passed
 disinfection        EmbracePlus,  has  been  tested  in  accordance  with ASTM
                   E1837:2014 and AAMI TIR 12 to assess device low-level disinfection
                     procedures.

 Temperature      The wearable  device component  of the EpiMonitor System,  Passed
 measurement      EmbracePlus, has been tested to confirm that the skin temperature
 accuracy          measurement accuracy and transient time complies with ISO
                   80601-2-56 Medical electrical equipment - Part 2-56: Particular
                    requirements for basic safety and essential performance of clinical
                  thermometers for body temperature measurement. [Including:
                Amendment 1 (2018)] to assess its accuracy.

 Electrodermal      The wearable  device component  of the EpiMonitor System,  Passed
 Activity            EmbracePlus, computed electrodermal activity (EDA) has been
 measurement       tested to determine  its equivalence to the predicate device
                   Embrace.

 Activity      and  Testing comparing the performance of the Accelerometer Sensors  Passed
 Motion               in the EmbracePlus and Embrace Devices has been performed to
                   demonstrate equivalent performance  of the wearable device
                 component of the EpiMonitor System, EmbracePlus, for activity
                    data including with the predicate device.

 Algorithm         Bench  testing comparing the equivalence  in performance  of  Passed
 Performance       Embrace and EpiMonitor devices was conducted using simulated
 (Bench Testing)      seizure patterns based on motion and electrodermal activity data
                     derived from confirmed convulsive seizures.

 Algorithm        No prospective clinical studies have been performed on the subject  Passed
 Performance        device. Two retrospective analyses of previously collected clinical
 (Clinical Testing)    data were conducted in order to evaluate the performance of the
                      seizure detection algorithm referred to as EpiAlgo using the “Low
                        Sensitivity” alerting threshold.

Software Verification and Validation Testing
Software  verification  and  validation  testing  have  been  successfully  conducted.  Software
documentation was provided as recommended by the FDA's Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff
"Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions" for Basic documentation level,
along with software documents to comply with the special controls applicable to products regulated
under 21 CFR 882.1580.  All the EpiMonitor System software components were considered a
"moderate" level of concern since a failure or latent flaw in the software could result in minor injury
to the patient or operator.
Cybersecurity
Cybersecurity activities have been conducted and an assessment made on individual component risks.
Documentation has been provided with this application as recommended by the FDA's Guidance for
Industry and FDA Staff, "Content of Premarket Submissions for Management of Cybersecurity in

K232915 - Page 13 of 14
                        Empatica Srl
                         Traditional 510(k)
                                    EpiMonitor

Medical  Devices".  All  the EpiMonitor System  software components underwent  appropriate
cybersecurity assessment and testing.
Animal study
No animal studies have been conducted as part of this submission to prove substantial equivalence,
as the device is not intended for contact with compromised skin.
Clinical Study
No prospective clinical studies have been performed on the subject device. Clinical studies were
performed on EpiAlgo ver 2.1 to support clearance of the predicate device (K181861).

Clinical Data Analysis

Clinical performance of the EpiAlgo ver 2.1 on the EmbracePlus device was confirmed by bench testing
to be equivalent to the performance of the Embrace device presented in K181861, when using the
standard alerting threshold during rest activities (High-Sensitivity). To assess the performance of
EpiAlgo ver 2.1 on the EmbracePlus device using the Low-Sensitivity threshold introduced in the
EpiMonitor system, two retrospective analyses of previously collected clinical data were conducted.
The Low-Sensitivity threshold is an optional alerting mode for use in low-intensity daytime activities,
when a patient may prefer an alerting threshold that optimizes for reduction in false alarm rates.

Using adjudicated tonic-clonic seizure data collected from patients observed in Epilepsy Monitoring
Units, Positive Percentage Agreement (PPA) and false alarm rate per 24 hours (FAR) were calculated
for adult and pediatric subgroups during non-rest activities (Tables 1 and 2).

Table 1 - Positive Percent Agreement applying Low-Sensitivity Mode to Epilepsy Monitoring Unit data
 age   # patients   # GTCS  # detected GTCS  PPA    corrected PPA   Confidence Interval - PPA

 6-21  12         19      17                0.895   0.791           0.619        0.925

 >21   12         17      17                1.000   0.905           0.891        0.917


Table 2 – False Alarm Rate applying Low-Sensitivity Mode to Epilepsy Monitoring Unit data
 age   # patients   # FA   # days   Overall FAR  Confidence      Mean FAR  Confidence
                                                       Interval - Overall                Interval – Mean
                                         FAR                      FAR

 6-21  80         62     88.94    0.70         0.41     1.06     0.91         0. 44      1.57

 >21   61         43     152.68   0.28         0.15     0.46     0.33         0. 17      0. 53


A second longitudinal analysis of real-world data was then conducted to ensure that a wide range of
non-rest activities in home settings were captured. Tables 3 and 4 describe the performance of the
EpiAlgo ver 2.1 during non-rest activities in home settings for both adult and pediatric subgroups.

K232915 - Page 14 of 14
                        Empatica Srl
                         Traditional 510(k)
                                    EpiMonitor

Table 3 - Positive Percent Agreement applying Low-Sensitivity Mode to real-world data captured by Embrace2
 age   # patients   # GTCS  # detected GTCS  PPA       corrected PPA   Confidence Interval PPA

 6-21  601        1157    1011              0.87       0.86            0.78         0.92

 >21   843        3625    2896              0.8        0.77            0.64         0.87


Table 4 – False Alarm Rate applying Low-Sensitivity Mode to real-world data captured by Embrace2
 age   # patients  # FA     # days    Overall   Confidence      Mean FAR     Confidence
                                 FAR       Interval - Overall                  Interval - Mean
                                         FAR                       FAR

 6-21  601        12808    37594.2   0.34      0.23     0.50     0.35          0.28      0.45

 >21   843        14308    56389.1   0.25      0.22     0.30     0.29          0.26      0.33


Analysis of performance for the Low-Sensitivity alerting mode in the EpiMonitor system demonstrated
acceptable seizure detection accuracy and a reduced rate of false alerts.

NOTE: The longitudinal analysis of real-world data was based on analysis of sensor data captured using
the Embrace2 wearable device.

  III.   CONCLUSION
Based on the information presented in this 510(k) premarket notification, EpiMonitor is considered to
be substantially equivalent to the predicate devices on the basis of safety and effectiveness.

This has been determined on the basis of the testing, as summarized in this document, and the
physical and technological comparisons made to the predicate devices. The EpiMonitor System has
demonstrated no adverse indications or results and performs within its design specifications.