January 4, 2024
Butterfly Network, Inc.
℅ Nathan Sabich
Senior Director, Head of Global Regulatory Affairs
1600 District Ave
BURLINGTON MA 01803

Re: K232808
    Trade/Device Name:  Butterfly iQ3 Ultrasound System
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1550
    Regulation Name: Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: IYN, IYO, ITX, QIH
    Dated: December 1, 2023
    Received: December 4, 2023

Dear Nathan Sabich:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K232808 - Nathan Sabich                                                              Page 2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                      Yanna S. Kang -S
                                     Yanna Kang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                   Mammography and Ultrasound Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                Form Approved: 0MB No. 0910-0120
                            Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                   Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                    Indications for UseI
===============Submission Number (if known)
  K232808 I
  Device Name
   Buttertly iQ3 Ultrasound System I

   Indications for Use (Describe)
  The iQ3 Ultrasound System is indicated for use by qualified and trained healthcare
   professionals to enable diagnostic ultrasound imaging and measurement of anatomical
   structures and fluids of adult and pediatric patients for the following clinical applications:

   Peripheral Vessel (including carotid, deep vein thrombosis and arterial studies), Small Organs
   (including thyroid, scrotum and breast), Cardiac, Abdominal, Lung, Procedural Guidance, Urology,
   Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Musculoskeletal (conventional), Musculoskeletal (superficial) and
   Ophthalmic.

  Modes of operation include B-mode, B-mode + M-mode, B-mode + Color Doppler, B-mode + Power
   Doppler, Spectral Pulsed Wave Doppler, Fetal Heart Sounds, B-mode + Biplane, B-mode + Needle
   Viz Tool, B-mode + Biplane+ Needle Viz Tool, B-mode + Multi-Slice, and B-mode + Sweep.

  The Butterfly iQ3 Ultrasound System's portability and user interface enables integration into
   professional healthcare facilities (e.g. Hospital, clinic, hospice, or medical office), home healthcare
   environment, ambulances and/or accident sites, and other environments where healthcare is
   provided. Users may also include medical students working under the supervision or authority of a
   physician during their education/training.
  Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
              IZ] Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)   D Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                        This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
            *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
          The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
            time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
          and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
            of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                         Department of Health and Human Services
                                       Food and Drug Administration
                                                 Office of Chief Information Officer
                                        Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                         PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
                 '~n agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                    information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness
                 Butterfly Network, Inc.
                     K232808

This 510(k) summary is submitted in accordance with 21 CFR Part 807.92:

Date Prepared: September 8, 2023

Submitter Name and Address:
Butterfly Network, Inc.
1600 District Ave
Burlington, MA 01803
Phone: 1-781-557-4800

Primary Contact:
Nathan Sabich
Senior Director, Head of Global Regulatory Affairs
E-mail: nsabich@butterflynetinc.com

Subject Device - Proprietary/Trade Name:
Butterfly iQ3 Ultrasound System

Subject Device – Common/Usual Name:
Diagnostic Ultrasound Imaging System

Device Classification:
Class II

Regulation Description:

 Classification Name(s)                         Regulation Number    Product Code

 Primary

 Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System         21 CFR 892.1550      IYN

 Secondary

 Ultrasonic Pulsed Echo Imaging System           21 CFR 892.1560      IYO

 Diagnostic Ultrasound Transducer                21 CFR 892.1570      ITX

 Medical Image Management and Processing       21 CFR 892.2050      QIH
 System


                                                    1

Predicate Device Information:

 Device Trade Name:              Butterfly iQ/iQ+ Ultrasound System
 510(k) Number:              K220068
 Submitter:                          Butterfly Network, Inc.
 Classification Name:             Ultrasonic Pulsed Doppler Imaging System
 Primary Product Code:        IYN – 21 CFR 892.1550
 Secondary Product Code(s):   IYO – 21 CFR 892.1560
                               ITX – 21 CFR 892.1570
                           QIH – 21 CFR 892.2050
Note: The predicate device has not been subject to a design-related recall.

Device Description:
The Butterfly iQ3 Ultrasound System is a portable, hand-held, general-purpose diagnostic
imaging system for use by qualified and trained healthcare professionals enabling visualization
and measurement of anatomical structures and fluid on adult and pediatric patients. The system
consists of a single transducer with broad imaging capabilities connected via a USB cable to a
standard handheld commercial off the shelf (COTS) mobile device. In addition to M-mode and
B-mode imaging the instrument also supports Color Flow Doppler imaging.

The user interface includes touch screen menus, buttons, controls, indicators, and navigation
icons that allow the operator to control the system and to view and measure ultrasound
imagery.

Indications for Use:
The Butterfly iQ3 Ultrasound System is indicated for use by qualified and trained healthcare
professionals to enable diagnostic ultrasound imaging and measurement of anatomical
structures and fluids of adult and pediatric patients for the following clinical applications:

Peripheral Vessel (including carotid, deep vein thrombosis and arterial studies), Small Organs
(including thyroid, scrotum and breast), Cardiac, Abdominal, Lung, Procedural Guidance,
Urology, Fetal/Obstetric, Gynecological, Musculoskeletal (conventional), Musculoskeletal
(superficial) and Ophthalmic.

Modes of operation include B-mode, B-mode + M-mode, B-mode + Color Doppler, B-mode +
Power Doppler, Spectral Pulsed Wave Doppler, Fetal Heart Sounds, B-mode + Biplane, B
mode + Needle Viz Tool, B-mode + Biplane + Needle Viz Tool, B-mode + Multi-Slice, B-mode +
Sweep.

The Butterfly iQ3 Ultrasound System’s portability and user interface enables integration into
professional healthcare facilities (e.g. Hospital, clinic, hospice, or medical office), home
healthcare environment, ambulances and/or accident sites, and other environments where
healthcare is provided. Users may also include medical students working under the supervision
or authority of a physician during their education/training.


                                                    2

Summary of Technological Characteristics:
There are no technological characteristics and features that change the indications for use in
this submission that are not previously evaluated and cleared in the predicate device. The iQ3
represents a new Butterfly iQ App compatible transducer.

As with the iQ and iQ+, the iQ3 uses a capacitive micromachined ultrasonic transducer (CMUT)
array rather than a traditional crystalline piezoelectric array. The system remains battery
operated and all image interaction and capture is with the existing iOS and Android host
applications. The Bladder Volume and B-lines tools remain compatible with the images
generated with the iQ3.

As with the iQ+, the iQ3 includes new printed circuit board assemblies and a next generation
release of the CMUT array. Additionally, the iQ3 uses a new custom battery, a new lens
material (butadiene synthetic rubber), and replaces the induction coil charging method with a
direct contact charging system.

Summary of Safety and Non-Clinical Performance:
The Butterfly iQ3 Ultrasound System was developed and tested in accordance with internal
procedures for safety, design quality, and documentation.

Verification and validation activities were designed and performed to demonstrate that the
Butterfly iQ3 Ultrasound System meets predetermined performance specifications. The
following standards in conjunction with in-house protocols were used to determine appropriate
methods for evaluating the safe and effective performance of the device:

  IEC 60601-1 Ed. 3.2      Medical Electrical Equipment – Part 1. General
  en: 2020                 requirements for basic safety and essential performance

  IEC 60601-1-11 Ed.       Medical electrical equipment - Part 1-11: General requirements
  2.1 b:2020                   for basic safety and essential performance - Collateral Standard:
                         Requirements for medical electrical equipment and medical
                                 electrical systems used in the home healthcare environment
                    CONSOLIDATED EDITION

  IEC 60601-1-12 Ed.       Medical electrical equipment - Part 1-12: General requirements
  1.1 b:2020                   for basic safety and essential performance - Collateral Standard:
                         Requirements for medical electrical equipment and medical
                                 electrical systems intended for use in the emergency medical
                             services environment CONSOLIDATED EDITION

  IEC 60601-1-2:           Medical Electrical Equipment – Part 1-2: General requirements
  2014/AMD1:2020           for basic safety and essential performance – Collateral
                           Standard: Electromagnetic disturbances – Requirements and
                               tests


                                                    3

IEC 60601-2-37 Ed.       Medical Electrical Equipment – Part 2-37. Particular
  2.0 b: 2007               requirements for the basic safety and essential performance of
                               ultrasonic medical diagnostic and monitoring equipment
                    CONSOLIDATED EDITION

  ISO 10993-1               Biological evaluation of medical devices — Part 1: Evaluation
                        and testing within a risk management process

  ISO 10993-5               Biological evaluation of medical devices — Part 5: Tests for in
                                   vitro cytotoxicity

  ISO 10993-10              Biological evaluation of medical devices — Part 10: Tests for
                                     irritation and skin sensitization

  ISO 14971:2019           Application of risk management to medical devices

Software Verification and Validation Testing for the Butterfly iQ3 Ultrasound System was also
conducted and provided in accordance with recommended FDA guidance documentation for
Industry and FDA Staff.

Relevant non-clinical verification and validation testing was performed to address the
introduction of the subject hardware and its compatibility with the cleared Butterfly iQ App and to
assure its safe and effective performance. Verification and validation testing established that the
device meets its design requirements, intended use, and demonstrates substantial equivalence
to the predicate.

Summary of Clinical Tests:
The Butterfly iQ3 Ultrasound System did not require clinical studies to support substantial
equivalence for this premarket submission.

Summary of Substantial Equivalence:

The Butterfly iQ3 Ultrasound System is substantially equivalent to the predicate device
(K220068). The following table below provides an overview of the comparison between the
subject device and the predicate device.

 Model                     Butterfly iQ3       Butterfly iQ/iQ+     Comparison
                         Ultrasound        Ultrasound System
                      System (Subject   (K220068,
                          Device)            Predicate Device)


 Regulatory Information
 Regulation Number        892.1550          892.1550           Remains
                                                          Unchanged


                                                    4

Device Classification        Ultrasonic Pulsed    Ultrasonic Pulsed    Remains
Name                    Doppler Imaging    Doppler Imaging     Unchanged
                       System           System
Classification              Class II            Class II            Remains
                                                         Unchanged

Product Codes           IYN              IYN               Remains
                      IYO             IYO               Unchanged
                         ITX               ITX
                     QIH             QIH

Intended Use
Intended for use by
qualified and trained
healthcare professionals
to enable diagnostic
ultrasound          imaging                and        ✔           ✔             UnchangedRemainsmeasurement               of
anatomical structures and
fluids of adult and
pediatric patients.

General Device Description
Hand-held portable
diagnostic          ultrasound         ✔           ✔             UnchangedRemainssystem.

Indications for Use
Abdominal               ✔           ✔             UnchangedRemains
Cardiac                 ✔           ✔             UnchangedRemains
Lung                  ✔           ✔             UnchangedRemains

Musculoskeletal                                                               Remains(conventional and                     ✔           ✔             Unchangedsuperficial)

Fetal/Obstetric,Gynecological             ✔           ✔             UnchangedRemains


                                                   5

Peripheral Vessel
(including carotid, deep                                                               Remainsvein thrombosis, arterial                     ✔           ✔             Unchangedstudies)

Procedural Guidance
                     ✔           ✔             UnchangedRemains

Small Organs                                                               Remains(including thyroid,                     ✔           ✔             Unchangedscrotum, and breast)

Urology
                     ✔           ✔             UnchangedRemains

Opthalmic
                     ✔           ✔             UnchangedRemains

Imaging Modes/Tools

M-Mode                ✔           ✔             UnchangedRemains
B-Mode (2D)              ✔           ✔             UnchangedRemains

Color Doppler
                     ✔           ✔             UnchangedRemains

Pulsed Wave Doppler         ✔           ✔             UnchangedRemains
3-D                   ✔           ✔             UnchangedRemains
Harmonic Imaging           ✔           ✔             UnchangedRemains
Fetal Heart Sounds          ✔           ✔            UnchangedRemains
B-mode + Biplane           ✔           ✔            UnchangedRemains

B-mode + Needle Viz                                             RemainsTool                   ✔           ✔            Unchanged


                                                   6

B-mode + Biplane +                                                              RemainsNeedle Viz Tool                     ✔           ✔            Unchanged

B-mode + Multi-Slice                                                                                 Multi-slice
                                                                               collects and
                                                                         displays Bmode images
                                                                  from different
                                                                   angles
                                                                          separately. This
                                                      new mode does
                                                                       not change the                                                                                 -                     ✔                                 acoustic output
                                                                               to the normal
                                                        B-Mode or 3-D
                                                                  image, nor
                                                             does it
                                                                        introduce any
                                                      new questions
                                                                               of safety and
                                                                           effectiveness.

B-mode + Sweep                                         Sweep collects
                                                           and
                                                                       continuously
                                                                         displays Bmode images
                                                                  from different
                                                                       angles. This
                                                      new mode does
                                                                       not change the                                                                                 -                     ✔                                 acoustic output
                                                                               to the normal
                                                        B-Mode or 3-D
                                                                  image, nor
                                                             does it
                                                                        introduce any
                                                      new questions
                                                                               of safety and
                                                                           effectiveness.

Transducer

Type                        Single probe 2D      Single probe       Remains
                       Phased Array      2D Phased        Unchanged
                                                 Array


                                                   7

Frequency                 1.0 - 12 MHz         1.0 - 10 MHz         Similar. The
                                                                        subject device
                                                                 remains within the
                                                                  boundaries of the
                                                                        predicate device
                                                           and does not
                                                                        introduce any new
                                                                     questions of safety
                                                           and effectiveness.

Software Features

Auto B-Lines Counter                                         Remains                     ✔           ✔                                                          Unchanged

Auto Bladder Volume                                          Remains                     ✔           ✔                                                          Unchanged

Patient Data Entry                                            Remains                     ✔           ✔                                                          Unchanged

Patient Database                                             Remains                     ✔           ✔and Storage                                                Unchanged

                                                          RemainsGeneric                 ✔           ✔Measurement Tools                                          Unchanged

                                                          RemainsAnalysis and              ✔           ✔Calculation Packages                                         Unchanged

Annotations                                                 Remains                     ✔           ✔                                                          Unchanged


Other

 Target Population          Adult and Pediatric   Adult and Pediatric   Remains
                                                          Unchanged

 Device Use Settings        Professional            Professional      Remains
                            healthcare          healthcare facilities   Unchanged
                                     facilities (e.g.            (e.g. Hospital,
                               Hospital, clinic,         clinic, hospice, or
                            hospice, or           medical office),
                           medical office),     home healthcare


                                                   8

home healthcare       environment,
                          environment,       ambulances and/or
                        ambulances         accident sites, and
                           and/or accident      other environments
                                 sites, and other     where healthcare is
                         environments         provided. Users
                       where healthcare    may also include
                                   is provided. Users    medical students
                    may also include     working under the
                          medical students       supervision or
                          working under the       authority of a
                            supervision or        physician during
                              authority of a            their education/
                           physician during            training.
                                 their education/
                                training.

Energy                    Acoustic will         Acoustic will        Remains
used/delivered           meet              meet             Unchanged
(MI/TI)                FDA/AIUM         FDA/AIUM
                            guidelines            guidelines

Portable/hand-held                                          Remains                    ✔           ✔                                                         Unchanged

Biocompatibility                                             Remains                    ✔           ✔                                                         Unchanged

Sterility                   Products not         Products not       Remains
                               classified as sterile   classified as sterile   Unchanged

Cleaning/ReprocessingMethods                ✔           ✔         RemainsUnchanged

Electrical safety          Meets electrical     Meets electrical     Remains
                             safety standards      safety standards    Unchanged
                                 for a class II            for a class II
                          medical device.      medical device.
                       Group 1           Group 1
                         Class B (CISPR)     Class B (CISPR)

Mechanical safety           Will meet              Will meet          Remains
                         mechanical safety    mechanical safety   Unchanged
                          standards for a       standards for a
                            class II medical       class II medical
                          device               device

Display              COTS device      COTS device       Remains
                            display               display            Unchanged


                                                  9

Power requirements        Battery               Battery            Remains
                                                           Unchanged

  Real-time Image                                            Remains                      ✔           ✔                                                           Unchanged

  Frozen Image                                              Remains                      ✔           ✔                                                           Unchanged

  Appx. Probe                6.0 x 2.1 x 1.4        6.4 x 2.2 x 1.4      Change in size
  dimensions (L x W x                                                        of probe
  D), inches

  Appx. Probe Weight, lbs.   8 oz. probe only     8 oz. probe only     Remains
                                                           Unchanged


Conclusion:
Based on the subject device’s intended use, design similarities, technological characteristics,
mode of operation, conformance to recognized performance standards, and relevant
performance testing, the Butterfly iQ3 Ultrasound System does not introduce any new questions
of safety or effectiveness. Therefore, the subject device is substantially equivalent to the
predicate device (K220068).


                                                    10