iSchemaView, Inc.
Jim Rosa
SVP Regulatory and Quality
1120 Washington Ave.
Suite 200
Golden, Colorado 80401
                                                                         January 19, 2024
Re: K232156
    Trade/Device Name: Rapid ASPECTS (v3)
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2060
    Regulation Name: Radiological computer-assisted diagnostic software for lesions suspicious of cancer
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: POK
    Dated: December 22, 2023
    Received: December 26, 2023

Dear Jim Rosa:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 7
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K232156 - Jim Rosa                                                                  Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                              Jessica Lamb, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                         Imaging Software Team
                             DHT 8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                             OHT 8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES                 Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                           Food and Drug Administration                                                                                                  Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                           See PRA Statement below.                   Indications for Use

Submission Number (if known)
 IK232156
Device Name
 Rapid ASPECTS (v3)

Indications for Use (Describe)
 Rapid ASPECTS is a computer-aided diagnosis (CADx) software device used to assist the clinician
  in the assessment and characterization of brain tissue abnormalities using CT image data. The
 Software automatically registers images and segments and analyzes ASPECTS Regions of Interest
 (ROls). Rapid ASPECTS extracts image data for the ROI(s) to provide analysis and computer
 analytics based on morphological characteristics. The imaging features are then synthesized by an
  artificial intelligence algorithm into a single ASPECT (Alberta Stroke Program Early CT) Score.
 Rapid ASPECTS  is indicated for evaluation of adult patients presenting for diagnostic imaging
 workup, for evaluation of extent of disease. Extent of disease refers to the number of ASPECTS
 regions affected which is reflected in the total score. This device provides information that may be
 useful in the characterization of early ischemic brain tissue injury for ischemic stroke patient
 (typically < 24 hours since last known well) during image interpretation following the standard of
 care. Rapid ASPECTS provides a comparative analysis to the ASPECTS standard of care
 radiologist assessment using the ASPECTS atlas definitions and atlas display including highlighted
 ROls and numerical scoring. Rapid ASPECTS presents the original and annotated images for
 concurrent reads.

 Limitations:
  1. The ASPECTS score should be only used for ischemic stroke patients following the standard of
 care.
 2. Rapid ASPECTS  is an adjunct tool and is not intended to replace a clinicians review of the original
 imaging or their clinical judgement.
 3. Physicians should not use the CAD generated output as the primary interpretation without their
 concurrence.

 Contraindications/Exclusions/Cautions:
 * Patient Motion: excessive motion leading to artifacts that make the scan technically inadequate.
 * Hemorrhagic Transformation, Hematoma
 * Very thin or no Ventricles
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                          [    Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)       HOver-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                          CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
    *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                               Department of Health and Human Services
                              Food and Drug Administration
                                            ffice of Chief Information Officer
                               Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                               PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
     "An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                        information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid ASPECTS (v3)
510(k) Summary
                                   510(k) Summary
                iSchemaView, Inc.’s Rapid ASPECTS (v3) (K232156)
This document contains the 510(k) summary for the iSchemaView Rapid ASPECTS (v3). The
content of this summary is based on the requirements of 21 CFR Section 807.92(c).
Applicant Name and Address:
      Name:                   iSchemaView, Inc.
       Address:                1120 Washington Ave
                                        Ste. 200
                                  Golden, CO 80401

         Official Contact:          Jim Rosa
                                 Phone: (303) 704-3374
                                   Email: rosa@ischemaview.com

Summary Preparation Date:      9 January 2024
Device Name and Classification:
       Trade Name:       Rapid ASPECTS (v3)
     Common Name:   CADx
        Classification:         II
       Product Code:     POK
       Regulation No:      21 C.F.R. §892.2060
        Classification        Radiology Devices
        Panel:
Predicate Devices:
The iSchemaView Rapid is claimed to be substantially equivalent to the following legally
marketed predicate device:
      Rapid ASPECTS (K200760)

Device Description:
Rapid Platform
The Rapid platform is Software as a Medical Device (SaMD), which provides for the
visualization and study of changes in tissue and vasculature using digital images captured by
diagnostic imaging systems including CT (Computed Tomography), CTA (CT
Angiography), MRI (Magnetic Resonance Imaging) and MRA (MR Angiography) as an aid
to physician diagnosis. Rapid can be installed on a customer’s Server or it can be accessed
online as a virtual system. It provides viewing, quantification, analysis, and reporting
capabilities. The Rapid platform has multiple modules a clinician may elect to run and
provide analysis for decision making.


                                   Page 1 of 11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid ASPECTS (v3)
510(k) Summary
Rapid ASPECTS Module

Rapid ASPECTS provides an automatic ASPECT Score based on the case input file for the
physician. The score includes which ASPECT regions are identified based on regional imaging
features derived from Non-Contrast Computed Tomography (NCCT) brain image data. The
results are generated based on the Alberta Stroke Program Early CT Score (ASPECTS)
guidelines and provided to the clinician for review and verification. At the discretion of the
clinician, the scores may be adjusted based on other clinical factors the clinician may integrate
though the Rapid Platform Interface.

The ASPECTS software module processing pipeline performs four major tasks:

   •  Orientation and spatial normalization of the input imaging data (rigid
       registration/alignment with anatomical template).
   •  Delineation of pre-defined regions of interest on the normalized input data
      and computing numerical values characterizing underlying voxel values
       within those regions.
   •   Identification and highlighting previous/old stroke areas along with areas of
       early ischemic change; and
   •  Labeling of these delineated regions and providing a summary score
       reflecting the number of regions with early ischemic change as per
     ASPECTS guidelines.

Subsequently, the system notifies the physician of the availability of the ASPECT Score with an
overlayed atlas. The ASPECTS information is then available for the physician to review and edit
prior to sending the data to a PACS or Workstation. The final summary score together with the
regions selected and underlying voxel values are then sent to the Picture Archiving and
Communication System (PACS) to become a part of the permanent patient medical record.

Clinical Characteristics
The primary users of Rapid Platform software are medical imaging professionals. The
images generated by Rapid ASPECTS provide additional diagnostic information, which is
derived from the temporal/diffusion/density features of the native CT images. The following
figure provides a general layout of the ASPECTS display image as provided from Rapid
ASPECTS.


                                   Page 2 of 11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid ASPECTS (v3)
510(k) Summary


Indications for Use:
Rapid ASPECTS is a computer-aided diagnosis (CADx) software device used to assist the
clinician in the assessment and characterization of brain tissue abnormalities using CT image
data. The Software automatically registers images and segments and analyzes ASPECTS
Regions of lnterest (ROIs). Rapid ASPECTS extracts image data for the ROI(s) to provide
analysis and computer analytics based on morphological characteristics. The imaging features
are then synthesized by an artificial intelligence algorithm into a single ASPECT (Alberta Stroke
Program Early CT) Score.
Rapid ASPECTS is indicated for evaluation of adult patients presenting for diagnostic imaging
workup, for evaluation of extent of disease. Extent of disease refers to the number of ASPECTS
regions affected which is reflected in the total score. This device provides information that may
be useful in the characterization of early ischemic brain tissue injury for ischemic stroke patient
(typically < 24 hours since last known well) during image interpretation following the standard
of care. Rapid ASPECTS provides a comparative analysis to the ASPECTS standard of care
radiologist assessment using the ASPECTS atlas definitions and atlas display including
highlighted ROIs and numerical scoring. Rapid ASPECTS presents the original and annotated
images for concurrent reads.

                                   Page 3 of 11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid ASPECTS (v3)
510(k) Summary
Limitations:
1.  The ASPECTS score should be only used for ischemic stroke patients following the standard of care.
2.  Rapid ASPECTS is an adjunct tool and is not intended to replace a clinicians review of the original
   imaging or their clinical judgement.
3.  Physicians should not use the CAD generated output as the primary interpretation without their
    concurrence.

Contraindications/Exclusions/Cautions:
•   Patient Motion: excessive motion leading to artifacts that make the scan technically inadequate.
•  Hemorrhagic Transformation, Hematoma
•  Very thin or no Ventricles

Technological Characteristics:
Rapid ASPECTS is a machine learning implementation. Rapid ASPECTS provides an automatic
ASPECT score based on the case input file for the physician. The score includes which
ASPECT regions are identified based on regional imaging features derived from non-contrast
computed tomography (NCCT) brain image data based on the random forest machine learning
technique. The results are generated based on the Alberta Stroke Program Early CT Score
(ASPECTS) guidelines and provided to the clinician for review and verification. At the
discretion of the clinician, the scores may be adjusted based on the clinician’s judgment as well
as other factors the clinician may integrate though the Rapid Platform User Interface.
Performance Standards:
Rapid has been developed in conformance with the following standards, as applicable:
    ISO 14971:2019        Application of Risk Management to Medical Devices
    IEC 62304:2015       Medical device software – Software lifecycle processes
    IEC 62366:2015        Application of Usability Engineering to Medical Devices
   NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20    Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine (DICOM)
Rapid has been designed to meet cybersecurity requirements using design Vulnerability
Assessments, SBOM’s, and PEN Testing.
Performance Data:
Rapid complies with DICOM (Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine) - Developed
by the American College of Radiology and the National Electrical Manufacturers Association.
NEMA PS 3.1 - 3.20.
iSchemaView conducted extensive performance validation testing and software verification and
validation testing of the Rapid ASPECTS module as standalone software and as integrated
within the Rapid System. This performance validation testing demonstrated that the Rapid
ASPECTS module provides accurate representation of key processing parameters under a range
of clinically relevant parameters and perturbations associated with the intended use of the
software. Software performance, validation and verification testing demonstrated that the Rapid
ASPECTS module met all design requirements and specifications. Design Verification and
Validation according to 21 CFR 820.30 passed.


                                   Page 4 of 11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid ASPECTS (v3)
510(k) Summary
The Rapid ASPECTS Standalone Performance and Clinical Validation Protocol (VCP) passed.
No deviations were found during the execution of the testing.

   Standalone Performance: The percent agreement of Rapid ASPECTS to the reference at the
  ASPECTS region level and at the scan level is 82.8%. Both are comparable (overlapping CI)
    to the pairwise agreement between any two of the three experts.
    Clinical Validation Reader Improvement: The primary reader improvement endpoint is to
   demonstrate that reader scoring of the 10 ASPECT regions is more closely aligned with the
    reference standard when read in conjunction with Rapid ASPECTS than without Rapid
   ASPECTS. We find that the fixed effect of the Rapid assist increases the percent agreement
   on average, by about 0.02. That is, agreement increases from 82% without assistance to 84%
   with assistance excluding the expert, the average agreement increases from 80.4% without
    assistance to 83.3% with assistance.
   Supplemental Confounder/Mimic Sensitivity Assessment: Additionally, supplemental data
   was evaluated to further assess confounders which may appear in case processing. The
   supplemental data included: Abscess (3), Dural AVF (4), Hydrocephalus (4), Hypertensive
   Encephalopathy (2), Isodense SDH (4), Multiple Sclerosis (3) and Traumatic Brain Injury
    (3). Five readers were used to review the confounder supplemental cases for 115 reads.
   Three of the 115 reads (2.6%) changed based on Rapid results, showing minimal effect of
   confounders/mimics on ASPECTS performance.
Demographic & Clinical Subcategories:
Demographics are provided for the 102 scans used in the reader improvement study and 88 used
for the standalone performance. Case counts are included for reference:


                                Overview of Case Counts
          Case Category          N     Include in Stand Alone Include in Reader Improvement
         Suspected Stroke           88             Yes                      Yes
           Stroke Mimic                                 14          No                      Yes   (non-ischemic stroke etiology)
 Technical Exclusion due to contrast     3           No                  No
                Total                105           88                    102

Age: Age ranged from 23 to 99 with a median of 66 years of age.


                                   Page 5 of 11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid ASPECTS (v3)
510(k) Summary
Gender:

                             Gender     N     Column %
                                   F         53      51.96%
                  M         49      48.04%
                                             All        102
LVO Status:

                               Stroke LVO           N     Column %
                              no                 37      36.27%
                          unknown              14      13.73%
                                   yes                 51      50.00%
                                             All                 102     100.00%
US/OUS Status
                          US/OUS            N     Column %
                          OUS                21      20.59%
                            US                 81      79.41%
                                             All                 102     100.00%
Last Known Well

                       Last Known Well (6 Hour Splits)    N     Column %
                               <6                 27      31.03%
                             ≥6 - <16               21      24.14%
                             ≥16 - 24               5       5.75%
                         UNK                34      39.08%
                                             All                 87      100.00%

Data Distribution:
Demographics are provided for the 102 scans used in the reader improvement study and 88 used
for the standalone performance. The data was distributed from GE (23), Siemens (28),
Cannon/Toshiba (22) and Philips (29). The data included 14 confounders/mimics in the primary
data set with non-stroke etiology. Standalone Performance cases included US (75) vs OUS (13)
for 85% US. Additionally, supplemental data was evaluated to further assess sensitivity of
confounders which may appear in case processing. The supplemental data included: Abscess
(3), Dural AVF (4), Hydrocephalus (4), Hypertensive Encephalopathy (2), Isodense SDH (4),
Multiple Sclerosis (3) and Traumatic Brain Injury (3).
Prescriptive Statement:

Caution: Federal law restricts this device to sale by or on the order of a physician.


                                   Page 6 of 11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid ASPECTS (v3)
510(k) Summary
Safety & Effectiveness:

Rapid ASPECTS has been designed, verified, and validated in compliance with 21 CFR, Part
820.30 requirements. The device has been designed to meet the requirements associated with
EN ISO 14971:2019 (risk management).

Substantial Equivalence:

Rapid ASPECTS (K200760) under regulation 21 C.F.R. §892.2060 CADx is the predicate
device for Rapid ASPECTS v3. The disease and clinical use are identical and substantially
equivalent. There are slight differences between the two versions which do not provide new
risks. The Rapid ASPECTS assists the radiologists (clinicians) in the assessment and
characterization of morphological features of their respective focus areas using imaging data.
The software registers, segments, and analyzes regions of interest (ROI) to provide computer
analytics. The identified/extracted features are then synthesized by artificial intelligence
algorithms into clinical reference scores. Rapid ASPECTS provides localization information
showing which ASPECTS regions are affected. The features are compared in the following
table, as well as the Risk Benefit Analysis in the next paragraph is comparative to the predicate:

                                    Substantial Equivalence Table
  Comparison        Rapid ASPECTS (K200760)           Rapid ASPECTS v3
  Feature
  Indications for Use  Rapid ASPECTS is a computer-      Rapid ASPECTS is a computer-aided
                    aided diagnosis (CADx) software      diagnosis (CADx) software device used
                    device used to assist the clinician in    to assist the clinician in the assessment
                     the assessment and characterization   and characterization of brain tissue
                     of brain tissue abnormalities using     abnormalities using CT image data.
              CT image data. The Software       The Software automatically registers
                     automatically registers images and    images and segments and analyzes
                   segments and analyzes ASPECTS    ASPECTS Regions of lnterest (ROIs).
                   Regions of lnterest (ROIs). Rapid    Rapid ASPECTS extracts image data
              ASPECTS extracts image data for      for the ROI(s) to provide analysis and
                     the ROI(s) to provide analysis and    computer analytics based on
                  computer analytics based on          morphological characteristics. The
                   morphological characteristics. The    imaging features are then synthesized
                   imaging features are then           by an artificial intelligence algorithm
                    synthesized by an artificial             into a single ASPECT (Alberta Stroke
                      intelligence algorithm into a single    Program Early CT) Score.
              ASPECT (Alberta Stroke Program                                                   Rapid ASPECTS is indicated for                    Early CT) Score.                                                           evaluation of adult patients presenting
                  Rapid ASPECTS is indicated for       for diagnostic imaging workup, for
                     evaluation of patients presenting for   evaluation of extent of disease. Extent
                     diagnostic imaging workup with       of disease refers to the number of
                known MCA or ICA occlusion, for   ASPECTS regions affected which is
                     evaluation of extent of disease.         reflected in the total score. This device


                                   Page 7 of 11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid ASPECTS (v3)
510(k) Summary
                    Extent of disease refers to the         provides information that may be useful
                 number of ASPECTS regions          in the characterization of early ischemic
                      affected which is reflected in the       brain tissue injury for ischemic stroke
                        total score. This device provides       patient (typically < 24 hours since last
                    information that may be useful in the  known well) during image interpretation
                      characterization of early ischemic     following the standard of care. Rapid
                     brain tissue injury during image     ASPECTS provides a comparative
                       interpretation (within 6 hours).         analysis to the ASPECTS standard of
                  Rapid ASPECTS provides a           care radiologist assessment using the
                   comparative analysis to the        ASPECTS atlas definitions and atlas
              ASPECTS standard of care            display including highlighted ROIs and
                      radiologist assessment using the       numerical scoring. Rapid ASPECTS
              ASPECTS atlas definitions and atlas   presents the original and annotated
                     display including highlighted ROIs    images for concurrent reads.
                  and numerical scoring.                                                            Limitations:
                     Limitations:                               1.  The ASPECTS score should be only
                       1. Rapid ASPECTS is not intended       used for ischemic stroke patients
                      for primary interpretation of CT          following the standard of care.
                    images; it is used to assist physician                                                                 2.  Rapid ASPECTS is an adjunct tool                      evaluation.                                                      and is not intended to replace a                       2. Rapid ASPECTS has been                                                                   clinicians review of the original                     validated in patients with known                                                       imaging or their clinical judgement.           MCA or ICA Occlusion prior to                                                                 3.  Physicians should not use the CAD              ASPECT scoring.                                                            generated output as the primary                       3. Use of the Rapid ASPECTS                                                                    interpretation without their                 Module in clinical settings other than                                                             concurrence.                      early brain ischemia (within 6 hours)                                                           Contraindications/Exclusions/Cautions:                   caused by known ICA or MCA
                                                     •   Patient Motion: excessive motion                     occlusions has not been tested.
                                                              leading to artifacts that make the                       4. Rapid ASPECTS has been
                                                          scan technically inadequate.                     validated and is intended to be used
                                                     •  Hemorrhagic Transformation,                 on GE Lightspeed VCT Scanners.
                                               Hematoma
                     Contraindications/Exclusions/Cautio                                                     •  Very thin or no Ventricles
                      ns:
                   •   Patient Motion: excessive motion
                        leading to artifacts that make the
                       scan technically inadequate.
                   •  Hemorrhagic Transformation,
                  Hematoma
                     •  Very thin or no Ventricles
  Clinical           Stroke/Head                        Stroke/Head
  Application/Anat
  omical Region
  Standard of Care  ASPECT Scoring              ASPECT Scoring
  Representation

                                   Page 8 of 11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid ASPECTS (v3)
510(k) Summary
 Imaging       CT                       CT
  Technical        AI/Random Forest                AI/Random Forest
  Implementation
 Image Overlay   ASPECTS Atlas ROIs, highlighted   ASPECTS Atlas ROIs, highlighted by
                 by algorithms                        algorithms
  Primary User(s)    Neuroradiologist/Clinician            Neuroradiologist/Clinician
  Alteration of     No                        No
  original image
  data base
  Alters Standard    In parallel to                          In parallel to
  of Care
 Workflow
  Analysis    ≤ 6 hours            ≤ 24 hours
 Window

Risk Benefit Analysis:

                              Risk Benefit Summary
 Summary of Benefits:        This device provides a systematic, automated analysis of
                   NCCT scans of the head to provide a standardized, automated
                     ASPECT score for Stroke workup. The clinical reader study,
                          which included 1 expert neuroradiologist and 5 non-expert
                                 typical readers demonstrated a statistically significant
                          improvement in the accuracy of the 6 readers’ scores when
                              scoring was performed in conjunction with the Rapid
                     ASPECTS output. In a subgroup analysis, the benefit of the
                              software was most substantial among the non-neuroradiologist
                               expert reader which typically evaluates CT scans in
                         community hospitals and primary stroke centers. These nonexpert readers also evaluate CT scans in comprehensive
                                 centers, particularly in the acute setting, when expert
                               neuroradiologists are not immediately available. The software
                             allows the non-expert physician to perform at the expert-like
                                   level. Use of the system did not appear to have any significant
                            impact (either positive or negative) on the score of the expert
                               neuroradiologist included in the test reader group. Overall,
                                   this system should provide a more consistent and timely
                                benefit of standardized reads regardless of physician and
                               center specialty.
 Summary of the Risks       There are minimal potential risks associated with the use of
                               the device.
                                  Incorrect scoring which may result in false positive
                                    results and results to incorrect patient management with
                                 possible adverse effects such as, unnecessary additional


                                   Page 9 of 11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid ASPECTS (v3)
510(k) Summary
                              Risk Benefit Summary
                              medical imaging and/or unnecessary additional
                                 diagnostic workup.
                                  Incorrect scoring which may result in false negative
                                    results may lead to complications, including incorrect
                                diagnosis and delay in disease management.
                          The device could be misused to analyze images from an
                              unintended patient population or on images acquired
                               with incompatible imaging hardware or incompatible
                           image acquisition parameters, leading to inappropriate
                                 diagnostic information being displayed to the user.
                                Device failure could lead to the absence of results, delay of
                                        results or incorrect results, which could likewise lead to
                                    inaccurate patient assessment.
                             However, based on the performance data and the
                                  application of mitigating measures (general controls and
                                  special controls established for this device type), use of
                                 the device is unlikely to decrease diagnostic
                              performance of the user and possible misuse of the
                               device does not present additional risks compared with
                             misuse of other types of radiological image processing
                                 devices.
 Summary of other Factors    The study was enriched to cover the range of ASPECT scores
                           and scanner manufacturers and the readers in practice may not
                              experience a significant improvement in determining
                       ASPECTS.
 Conclusions: Do the         Yes. The probable benefits outweigh the probable risks, given
 probable benefits outweigh   the combination of required general controls and the special
 the probable risks.            controls established for this device. The Special Controls
                               will sufficiently assist in managing risks associated with
                               incorrect brain tissue characterization determining
                    ASPECT scoring, application of the device results to the
                        wrong patient population, analysis of incompatible images,
                             and/or device failure by ensuring proper performance and
                           use of the device.

                      By providing a systematic, automated analysis of NCCT scans
                               of the head to provide a standardized, automated ASPECT
                              score for Stroke workup. The Rapid ASPECTS analytics
                                 calculates morphological characteristics of brain tissue using
                               the historical training data and providing results which the
                               attending physician may evaluate and modify based on other
                               presenting conditions of the patient. In addition to the Rapid

                                  Page 10 of 11

iSchemaView - Traditional 510(k) Rapid ASPECTS (v3)
510(k) Summary
                              Risk Benefit Summary
                     ASPECTS clinical module, other clinical information is easily
                                accessible within the Rapid System framework such as CTA
                           and CTP to inform the clinical decision-making process.

                         The clinical reader study demonstrates a statistically
                                 significant improvement of ASPECTS reads among a diverse
                           sample of 6 typical readers representing multiple specialties,
                              years of practice, and practice settings.
                                Overall, this system should provide a more consistent and
                              timely benefit of standardized reads regardless of physician
                           and center specialty. Therefore, given the available
                            information concerning the benefits, risks, and supporting
                               data; the probable benefits outweigh the probable risks,
                           given the combination of required general controls and
                               special controls established for this device.

Conclusion:

The Rapid ASPECTS subject to this filing is equivalent to the predicate.  It is intended to aid in
the assessment of a specific disease state using standard of care scoring using machine
learning/artificial intelligence algorithms. The device uses ROI based assessments. The Rapid
ASPECTS ROIs are based on an ASPECTS defined atlas. The device is a SaMD with algorithm
development approaches using variants of artificial intelligence implementations. The device
analyzes highlights morphological and feature differences. The minor differences to extend the
analysis window based on the current standard of care and to expand scanner brands does not
add additional risk.

The Rapid ASPECTS (v3) with minor differences is substantially equivalent to the Rapid
ASPECTS predicate.


                                  Page 11 of 11