TheraPanacea                                                     December 22, 2023
℅ Bhairavi Ajachandra
QA/RA Manager
7 bis boulevard Bourdon
Paris, 75004
FRANCE

Re: K232479
    Trade/Device Name: ART-Plan
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.5050
    Regulation Name: Medical Charged-Particle Radiation Therapy System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MUJ
    Dated: November 20, 2023
    Received: November 20, 2023

Dear Bhairavi Ajachandra:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 6
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K232479 - Bhairavi Ajachandra                                                        Page 2


product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                         Lora D. Weidner, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Radiation Therapy Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K232479

Device Name
ART-Plan


Indications for Use (Describe)

ART-Plan’s indicated target population is cancer patients for whom radiotherapy treatment has been prescribed. In this
population, any patient for whom relevant modality imaging data is available.

ART-Plan is not intended for patients less than 18 years of age.

The indicated users are trained medical professionals including, but not limited to, radiotherapists, radiation oncologists,
medical physicists, dosimetrists and medical professionals involved in the radiation therapy process.

The indicated use environments are, but not limited to, hospitals, clinics and any health facility involved in radiation
therapy.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

TheraPanacea SAS            K232479
                        Traditional 510(k)
                       ART-Plan

                            510(k) Summary

This 510(k) Summary is submitted in accordance with 21 CFR Part 807, Section 807.92.

Level of documentation:

Enhanced

Submitter's Name:

TheraPanacea SAS

Submitter's Address:

7 bis boulevard Bourdon
75004 Paris
France

Telephone: +33 9 62 52 78 19

Establishment Registration Number:

3019834893

Contact Person:

Bhairavi Ajachandra

Telephone: +33 (0) 620604982

Date Prepared:

10 Aug 2023

Below summaries the Device Classification Information regarding the TheraPanacea
ART-Plan:

Primary Product Code:

   Regulation           Device            Device       Product     Classification
   Number                                Class       Code         Panel
    892.5050      Medical charged-particle     Class II      MUJ         Radiology
                     radiation therapy system

Device Trade Name:

ART-Plan

Device Common Name:

ART-Plan


 Page 1 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                        Traditional 510(k)
                       ART-Plan

Intended Use:

ART-Plan is a software intended to be used by trained clinicians who are familiar with radiation
therapy, such as medical physicists, medical dosimetrists and radiation oncologists. The
software consists of different applications, each used for specific purposes at a different phase
of radiation treatment planning.

ART-Plan offers the following tools to aid in the workflow of radiotherapy treatment:

   ●   Multi-modal visualization and rigid- and deformable registration of anatomical and
        functional images such as CT, MR, PET-CT, 4D-CT, CBCT and synthetic-CT
       generated from CBCT
   ●   Display of fused and non-fused images to facilitate the comparison and delineation of
       image data by the user
   ●  Manual generation, modification and semi-automatic generation of contours for the
        regions of interest
   ●  Automatic generation of contours for organs at risk and healthy lymph nodes, based
      on medical practices, on medical images such as CT and MR images
   ●  Generation of synthetic-CT from MR images for supported anatomies
   ●  Generation of synthetic-CT from CBCT images for supported anatomies
   ●  Dose computation on CT and/or synthetic-CT images for external beam irradiation
        with photon beams
   ●   Assisted CBCT-based off-line adaptation decision-making for supported anatomies

The device is intended to be used in a radiation therapy clinical setting, by trained
professionals only.

Indications for Use:

ART-Plan’s indicated target population is cancer patients for whom radiotherapy treatment has
been prescribed. In this population, any patient for whom relevant modality imaging data is
available.

ART-Plan is not intended for patients less than 18 years of age.

The  indicated  users  are  trained  medical  professionals  including,  but  not  limited  to,
radiotherapists,   radiation   oncologists,  medical  physicists,  dosimetrists  and  medical
professionals involved in the radiation therapy process.

The indicated use environments include, but are not limited to, hospitals, clinics and any health
facility involved in radiation therapy.


 Page 2 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                      ART-Plan

Summary of Substantial Equivalence:

The following predicate devices have been chosen that the ART-Plan can claim equivalence with and these are detailed below in Table 1.
Summary of Substantial Equivalence.

General Comparison

               General Information
 Property     Proposed Device    Primary Predicate   Reference device       Reference        Reference        Comment
              ART-Plan v2.1.0     Ethos  Treatment  ART-Plan               device           device
                               Management, 2.1;    v1.10.1              ECLIPSE         Eclipse Treatment
                                 Ethos  Treatment                     WITH AAA        Planning System
                                    Planning, 1.1

 Common      System,   Planning,   accelerator,  linear,   Radiological   image   System, Planning,   System,  Planning,  The proposed device shares the same
 Name          Radiation  Therapy   medical              processing   software   Radiation Therapy   Radiation  Therapy                                                                                              common name  ”System,  Planning,
                Treatment                                         for radiation therapy     Treatment          Treatment
                                                                                                                               Radiation Therapy Treatment” with the
                                                                                                                              primary  predicate,  especially Ethos
                                                                                                                       Treatment  Planning,  1.1  (that  has
                                                                                                              “MUJ” as a product code in its 510(k)
                                                                                                            summary)  and  with  some  of  the
                                                                                                                               reference devices.

 Device       TheraPanacea SAS   Varian     Medical  TheraPanacea SAS      Varian    Medical   Varian     Medical
 Manufactur                        Systems, Inc                             Systems    (now   Systems, Inc
                                                                                                            N/A
 er                                                                                 Varian    Medical
                                                                             Systems, Inc)
 510k         N/A               K212294           K230023             K041403          K102011           N/A
 Device                                                                                                 The   proposed   device,   primary
 Classificatio     II                                   II                                  II                                       II                                 II                     predicate  and  reference  devices
 n                                                                                                            have identical device classification.
 Primary     MUJ                 IYE, MUJ        QKB              MUJ           MUJ              The primary product code is MUJ for
 Product                                                                                                                         “System, Planning, Radiation Therapy
 Code
                                                                                                                           Treatment” as it is a software used in
                                                                                                                                 the planning of radiotherapy treatment
                                                                                                                                                               like the primary predicate, especially
                                                                                                                     Ethos Treatment Planning, 1.1 (that
                                                                                                               has “MUJ” as a product code in  its
                                                                                                                               510(k) summary) and some reference
                                                                                                                           devices use   it as  their  primary or
                                                                                                                     secondary code


 Page 3 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                      ART-Plan

 Secondary                                                                                             As secondary product code:
 Product                                                                                                                                                                     -   QKB     (Radiological    image
 Code                                                                                                                         processing software for radiation
                                                                                                                                      therapy) has been included as the
                                                                                                                                  software uses AI algorithms and is
                                                                                                                                intended for radiation therapy. It is
                                                                                                                                      also  the  primary  code  of  the
                                                                                                                                   reference    device    ART-Plan
             QKB, LLZ                  -                    LLZ, MUJ                     -              LHN                     v1.10.1 of which ART-Plan 2.1.0 is
                                                                                                               an update;
                                                                                                                                                                                  -   LLZ (System, Image Processing,
                                                                                                                                          Radiological) has been included
                                                                                                                     as the software is used in image
                                                                                                                               processing  and    it  is  also  the
                                                                                                                       subsequent code of the reference
                                                                                                                                device ART-Plan v1.10.1 of which
                                                                                                                    ART-Plan 2.1.0 is an update.
 Target         ART-Plan’s                               ART-Plan’s   indicated
 Population     indicated      target                           target  population   is
                 population is cancer                       cancer   patients   for
                  patients  for whom                 whom    radiotherapy
                                The  patient  target
                 radiotherapy                                treatment  has  been
                                    groups   are   the                                       Any  patients  with  The proposed device and the primary
                 treatment has been                         prescribed.   In   this
                                          patients  for whom                         Not stated           malignant or benign   predicate   have    identical    target
                  prescribed.  In  this                          population, any patient
                                           radiation therapy is                                              diseases              populations.
                  population,     any                              for  whom   relevant
                                           indicated.
                  patient   for  whom                         modality imaging data
                  relevant    modality                                is available.
                imaging   data    is
                   available.
 Environmen   Hospital               Hospital              Hospital                 Hospital              Hospital            The   proposed   device,   primary
  t                                                                                                                                 predicate  and  reference  devices
                                                                                                              have identical target environments.

 Intended      Intended Use        Intended Use       Intended Use          Intended Use       Intended use
                                                                                                         The intended use and indications
 Use/          ART-Plan     is   a   Ethos   Treatment   ART-Plan      is    a  The Varian Eclipse   Not available in the
                                                                                                                                                            for use  of the proposed device,
 Indication     software intended to  Management      is   software             for   device      is    a   summary:
                                                                                                                  ART-Plan v2.1.0 and the primary
 for Use       be used by trained  used   to  manage   multi-modal             treatment planning
                                                                                                                                    predicate     (especially    Ethos
                   clinicians who  are   and        monitor   visualization,           system  used  for   Indication for use
                                                                                                                         Treatment   Planning,   1.1)   are
                    familiar         with   radiation   therapy   contouring       and   diagnostic  image  The         Eclipse
                                                                                                                                                   similar as they are both softwares
                  radiation    therapy,   treatment     plans   processing    of  3D   analysis,            Treatment Planning
                                                                                                                              intended to be used in the planning
               such  as  medical  and sessions;  it  is   images    of   cancer   contouring    and  System    (Eclipse
                                                                                                                                                 of radiotherapy treatment1:
                   physicists,  medical   intended to be used   patients    for  whom   segmentation,      TPS)   is  used  to
                  dosimetrists    and                                                 geometrical          plan   radiotherapy


1
   Information found on the predicate current or previous 510(k) summaries, labelling and its manufacturer’s (Varian Medical Systems, Inc) website.

 Page 4 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                     ART-Plan

                 radiation               with  a  treatment   radiotherapy treatment   planning,   photon   treatments        for     they allow multi-modal visualisation
                oncologists.   The   planning system.     has been prescribed.    and electron dose   patients        with      rigid     rigid-    and    deformable
               software consists of   Ethos   Treatment                              calculation    and   malignant or benign     registration for the same modalities
                  different              Planning is used to     It allows the user  to   plan review.          diseases.   Eclipse     of images (CT, MR and PET)
                 applications,  each   generate      and   view,    create   and                 TPS is used to plan
             used   for   specific   modify     radiation   modify  contours   for   Indication for use   external    beam     they  allow  displaying  fused  and
              purposes    at   a   therapy   treatment   the regions of interest.  The Varian Eclipse   irradiation      with    non-fused images  to  facilitate  the
                  different  phase  of   plans.                           It   also   allows   to   device  is used to   photon,    electron    comparison and delineation of image
                 radiation  treatment                       generate                plan  photon  and  and proton beamA,     data by the user
                planning.             Indications     for   automatically,    and   electron  radiation   as   well  as   for
                             Use               based   on   medical   therapy treatments   internal   irradiation     they   allow   manual   generation,
              ART-Plan offers the   Ethos   Treatment   practices, the contours   employing   linear   (brachytherapy)         modification   and   semi-automatic
                 following tools to aid  Management      is   for the organs at risk   accelerators  and   treatments.       In     generation   of  contours   for  the
                   in  the workflow  of   indicated for use in  and   healthy  lymph   other        similar   addition,        the     regions of interest
                radiotherapy         managing     and  nodes and to register   teletherapy          Eclipse Proton Eye
                treatment:            monitoring           combinations        of   devices with x-ray   algorithm           is     they  allow automatic segmentation
                                     treatment     plans   anatomical      and   energies from 1-50   specifically           on   medical   images   using   AI
                 Multi-modal        and      sessions.   functional     images.  MV,  as  well  as   indicated         for     algorithms
                   visualization  and   Ethos   Treatment   Contours and images   Cobalt-60,    and   planning     proton
                      rigid-        and   Planning           is   require    verifications,   electron  energies   treatment         of     they allow generation of synthetic-CT
                deformable          indicated for use in   potential               from  1-50  MeV.   neoplasms  of  the    from CBCT images
                    registration      of   generating    and   modifications,    and   Eclipse   will  plan   eye.
                 anatomical   and   modifying  radiation   subsequently      the   the         3D                          they allow dose computation on CT
                   functional images   therapy   treatment   validation of a trained   radiotherapy                                and/or   synthetic-CT  images   for
               such as CT, MR,   plans.               user with professional   treatment                                     external beam irradiation with photon
               PET-CT,   4D-CT,                            qualifications         in   approaches      to                     beams
            CBCT       and                     anatomy        and  combined modality
                 synthetic-CT                              radiotherapy    before   plans,    coplanar                          they  allow  assisted  CBCT-based
                generated   from                              their   export   to  a   and  non-coplanar                                 off-line  adaptation  decision-making
            CBCT                                  Treatment   Planning    fields,  static  and                                for supported anatomies
                 Display  of  fused                      System.           ARC  fields, beam
               and    non-fused                                                     modifiers,    and                          they allow the import, manipulation,
               images          to                      ART-Plan  offers  the  beam      intensity                              visualisation,  generation  and  the
                      facilitate       the                           following visualization,   modulators.                                  export of DICOM images
                comparison  and                         contouring       and   Eclipse       also
                  delineation      of                        manipulation  tools  to   includes  tools  for
               image data by the                          aid in the preparation   treatment                             The intended use for the proposed
                 user                                          of        radiotherapy   preparation                                 device  has  been  adapted   to
               Manual                                    treatment:                (diagnostic  image                          provide a more specific description
                  generation,                                               and       analysis,                              of the proposed device but does
                                                                                   -          Multi-modal                  modification  and                                                 contouring    and                           not represent a new intended use,
                 semi-automatic                               visualization and rigid-   segmentation) and                         except for the additional modality
                 generation      of                     and       deformable   plan review.                                        for the same claim as compared to
                 contours  for  the                            registration          of                                                the primary predicate as:
                 regions of interest                        anatomical      and
                                                                 functional     images


Page 5 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                     ART-Plan

                Automatic                             such  as  CT,  MR,                                                                   -  it can generate synthetic CT from
                 generation      of                      PET-CT,  4D-CT  and                                 CBCT and MR images whereas it is
                 contours        for                 CBCT                                                                not possible with Ethos Treatment
                organs at risk and                                  - Display of fused and                                                Planning,  1.1  to do so  with MR
                  healthy    lymph                       non-fused  images  to                                            images. This does not represent an
                nodes, based on                                                                           facilitate           the                                                    additional claim as the technological
                medical practices,                                                      comparison      and                                                    characteristics are the same and  it
               on       medical                                                               delineation  of  image                                         does not raise different questions of
               images  such  as                                                                                                   safety and effectiveness. Also, this                                                         data by the user
            CT   and  MR                                                                                                  feature is covered by the reference
               images                                                 - Manual modification                                              device ART-Plan v1.10.1, which  is
                Generation      of                     and   semi-automatic                                                the previous version cleared of the
                 synthetic-CT from                        generation of contours                                           proposed device ART-Plan v2.1.0.
          MR  images   for                              for   the  regions   of
                supported                                     interest
                anatomies                                             - Automatic generation
                Generation      of                            of contours for organs
                 synthetic-CT from                            at  risk  and  healthy
            CBCT images for                                                    lymph  nodes,  based
                supported                                                  on medical practices,
                anatomies
                                                  on  medical  images
              Dose computation
                                                    such as CT and MR               on  CT   and/or
                                                       images.                 synthetic-CT
               images          for                                  -    Generation     of
                  external   beam                     pseudo-CT          for
                    irradiation    with                       supported anatomies
                photon beams
                 Assisted                            The device is intended
              CBCT-based                                 to  be  used   in  a
                      off-line adaptation                           radiation      therapy
                 decision-making                                 clinical   setting,   by
                     for     supported                          trained  professionals
                anatomies                                     only.

             The    device     is
               intended to be used                        Indications for Use
                   in   a    radiation                      ART-Plan  is indicated
               therapy       clinical                              for cancer patients for
                  setting,  by  trained                 whom        radiation
                professionals only.                          treatment  has  been
                                                          planned. It is intended
                                                                  to be used by trained
               Indications for Use                       medical  professionals
               ART-Plan’s                                     including,   but   not
                indicated      target                            limited to, radiologists,


Page 6 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                     ART-Plan

                population is cancer                           radiation  oncologists,
                 patients  for whom                           dosimetrists,     and
                radiotherapy                              medical physicists.
               treatment has been
                prescribed.  In  this                      ART-Plan      is    a
                population,     any                        software   application
                 patient   for  whom                        intended   to   display
                relevant    modality                     and    visualize  3D
              imaging   data    is                        multi-modal   medical
                 available.                              image data. The user
                                            may   import,  define,
              ART-Plan    is   not                            display, transform and
               intended          for                          store   DICOM  3.0
                 patients  less  than                        compliant    datasets
             18 years of age.                               (including  regions  of
                                                                    interest    structures).
             The indicated users                     These        images,
               are trained medical                        contours and objects
                professionals                           can  subsequently be
                 including,  but  not                          exported/distributed
                  limited             to,                           within   the   system,
                 radiotherapists,                            across      computer
                 radiation                                 networks  and/or    to
                oncologists, medical                           radiation    treatment
                 physicists,                                  planning     systems.
                dosimetrists    and                      Supported  modalities
               medical                                      include  CT,  PET-CT,
                professionals                         CBCT, 4D-CT and MR
                involved    in   the                       images.
                 radiation    therapy
               process.                               ART-Plan    supports
                                                       AI-based   contouring
             The  indicated use                     on CT and MR images
              environments                          and              offers
                 include, but are not                        semi-automatic   and
                  limited to, hospitals,                     manual    tools     for
                   clinics   and   any                        segmentation.
                health          facility
                involved in radiation                      To   help   the  user
                therapy.                                 assess  changes   in
                                                   image  data  and  to
                                                             obtain      combined
                                                           multi-modal    image
                                                                information, ART-Plan
                                                            allows the registration
                                                                  of   anatomical  and


Page 7 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                     ART-Plan

                                                                 functional images and
                                                              display  of fused and
                                                        non-fused  images  to
                                                                           facilitate           the
                                                      comparison of patient
                                                   image  data  by  the
                                                                user.

                                                       With ART-Plan, users
                                                         are   also   able   to
                                                           generate,    visualize,
                                                           evaluate  and  modify
                                                  pseudo-CT from MRI
                                                       images.
                                                                                                   .


Page 8 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                      ART-Plan


System Information Comparison

             System Information
 Property     Proposed Device    Primary Predicate    Reference device     Reference          Reference device    Comment
              ART-Plan v2.1.0     Ethos   Treatment  ART-Plan             device              Eclipse  Treatment
                               Management, 2.1;     v1.10.1             ECLIPSE  WITH    Planning System
                                Ethos   Treatment                 AAA
                                    Planning, 1.1

 Method   of   Standalone          Standalone software   Standalone          Computer based      Computer based
 Use           software application   device                software application   software device        software device
               accessed    via   a                       accessed    via   a
                compliant  browser                         compliant  browser
               (Chrome,    Mozilla                      (Chrome or Mozilla
                  Firefox  and Edge)                            Firefox)    on    a
              on   a    personal                         personal  computer,
                computer,  tablet or                             tablet or phone (In
                                                                                                          The proposed device and the primary
              phone  (In case  of                       case  of connection
                                                                                                                                     predicate   are   both   standalone
                connection  to  the                             to the platform with
                                                                                                                                       software.  More  details  have  been
                 platform   with   a                      a screen of a phone
                                                                                                                         found  on   the   reference   device
               screen  of a phone                           or a tablet, the user
                                                                                                                  ART-Plan v1.10.1 which has  identical
                 or a tablet, the user                      must choose the
                                                                                                               methods  of use  than the proposed
              must  choose  the                          option     for    the
                                                                                                                                      device. An  improvement  has been
                 option     for    the                        desktop  site  of his
                                                                                                                                  introduced with ART-plan v2.1.0 as  it
               desktop  site of his                       communication
                                                                                                                 can be also used on Edge browser.
               communication                               device. The platform
                 device.       The                                 is   optimally  used
                 platform is optimally                           with 17 inches and
              used with 17 inches                     up screen.
              and   up   screen.                             Facilitates   display
                   Facilitates   display                      and visualization of
              and visualization of                         data by user.
                data by user.
 Data         Yes                Yes                Yes                Yes                 Yes                The  proposed  device,  the  primary
 Visualizatio                                                                                                                      predicates and all references devices
 n                 /                                                                                                    have a data visualisation and graphical
 Graphical                                                                                                                                  interface
 Interface
 Synthetic     Generation  of CT   Generation   of  CT   Generation  of CT  N/A                N/A                The  proposed  device  and  primary
 CT             density      image   density image series   density      image                                                  predicate can generate synthetic-CT
                 series    out     of   out of CBCT images    series    out     of                                              from CBCT image.
                  multiple  MR-image                            multiple  MR-image
                 series  and CBCT                           series                                                   The proposed  device can  generate
              images                                                                                                                  synthetic CT  from CBCT  and MR
                                                                                                                 images whereas it is not possible with

 Page 9 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                     ART-Plan


                                                                                                                                  the primary predicate to do so with MR
                                                                                                                        images. This does not represent an
                                                                                                                                            additional claim as the technological
                                                                                                                                             characteristics  are  the same and   it
                                                                                                               does not raise different questions of
                                                                                                                                       safety  and  effectiveness.  Also,  this
                                                                                                                                       feature  is covered by the reference
                                                                                                                             device ART-Plan v1.10.1, which is the
                                                                                                                               previous   version   cleared   of  the
                                                                                                                   proposed device ART-Plan v2.1.0.
Dose        Dose  computation  Dose     calculation  N/A               The   AAA   dose  AcurosXB     dose
computatio   on   CT    and/or   with   AAA   dose                           calculation model  is   calculation algorithm
n              synthetic-CT           calculation   model                     a            3D
             images for external  and Acuros XB dose                         convolution/superpos
           beam     irradiation   calculation algorithm                                ition  algorithm  that
                with photon beams   on  CT  and   /  or                      models      primary
                                        synthetic CT images                         photons,    photons
                                                                                    scattered    in   the
                                                                      medium,
                                                                                contamination
                                                                                                         The  proposed  device,  the  primary
                                                                                     electrons       and
                                                                                                                                   predicate and some reference devices
                                                                                        transport   electrons
                                                                                                    ECLIPSE WITH AAA  and  Eclipse
                                                                             near           tissue
                                                                                                                        Treatment   Planning  System  can
                                                                                      heterogeneities. The
                                                                                                                          perform dose computation.
                                                          AAA dose calculation
                                                                      model  is comprised
                                                                                            of     two    main
                                                                          components,    one
                                                                              being            the
                                                                                       configuration
                                                                                    algorithm  and  the
                                                                                    other one the actual
                                                                       dose      calculation
                                                                                       algorithm.

Off-line       Assisted             Ethos    Treatment  N/A                N/A                N/A
adaptation   CBCT-based off-line  Management allows
decision-m    adaptation            the physician to do
aking         decision-making for    initial      planning,                                                                                                         The proposed device and the primary
              supported            review and approve                                                                                                                                   predicate can assist off-line adaptation
              anatomies            candidate plans, and                                                                                                                                decision-making.
                                    monitor     ongoing
                                      treatments. Support
                                             for         adaptive
                                     radiotherapy


Page 10 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                     ART-Plan


                                     treatment   planning
                               and automated plan
                                     generation
Supported    Registration:         Registration:         Registration:        Segmentation:        Registration:        The  proposed  device,  the  primary
Modalities     Static and gated CT,                                                                   Static and gated CT
                          CT         (including                                                                                   Eclipse also includes  CT/MR/PET  Image   predicate and most of the reference            MR, PET  (via the                                                                 (including   4D-CT
                                        synthetic  CT  from                                                                                           tools   for  treatment   Registration           devices propose both registration and                 registration                               of                               the                                                  and                                                       CBCT),                                                          MR,                                                                                                                        segmentation                                                                                                                        on medical images  of                               CBCT),                            MR  and                                                                                   preparation                                                                             4D                                                                                               image                                                                                                                             display           CT                      of  said                          PET),                                           PET                                                                               (via                                                                             the                                                                                                                                                      different modalities.                           PET                                                                                       (diagnostic   image                                                                                                                         (registration                                                                                                                                    of                                                                                                                        time              4D-CT,                CBCT                          and                                                                    registration                                                                                 of                                                                             the
                                                                     and         analysis,   yes yes series of 3D               synthetic-CT                       CT of said PET)
                                                                                  contouring      and   images)              generated     from   Segmentation:                                                                               segmentation)   and          CBCT                                  Segmentation:                          CT and synthetic CT                         plan review.                                          CT (injected or not),                                   from CBCT                                                  Segmentation:
             Segmentation:                  MR images, DICOM
                                                                                                    Geometrical shapes,           CT (injected or not),                  RTSTRUCT
                                                                                          Manual  editing and         MR images, DICOM
                                                                                                        manipulation    tools,           RTSTRUCT,
                                                                                                    Automatic               synthetic-CT   from
                                                                                                         /semi-automatic          CBCT
                                                                                                                           tools,
                                                                                                      Automatic/semi-auto
                                                                                                       matic    on-demand
                                                                                        and  post-processing
                                                                                                                    tools   for  individual
                                                                                                               organs/structures,
                                                                                                    Automatic
                                                                                       on-demand     and
                                                                                                        pre-processing  tools
                                                                                                                              for           multiple
                                                                                                               organs/structures, 3D
                                                                                                            Autornargin,  Logical
                                                                                                         operators
Data Export   Distribution       of  ARIA     RadOnc   Distribution        of  DICOM including RT   VARiS/Vision         The  proposed  device,  the  primary
           DICOM   compliant   integration, DICOM  DICOM   compliant   objects, MDC shaper   database integration,   predicate and reference devices have
             Images  into  other   RT,   other  image   Images  into  other    files,   blocks   and  DICOM RT/3.0, other   identical data export capabilities with
           DICOM   compliant   formats,      eclipse  DICOM   compliant   compensator data to   image       formats,  DICOM format.
              systems.               scripting       API   systems.            Par  Scientific,  plan   export             field
                                  (ESAPI)  read  only                     and  dose  data  to   coordinates  to  laser
                                    access,      eclipse                           picker     AcQSim,   system
                                          scripting       API                          integrated with Varis
                                  (ESAPI)        write                              verification, ASCIIfile
                                    access,      Eclipse                            to   laser   system,
                                     automation,  Export                         Varian CadPlan plus
                                               field  coordinates  to                         6.0
                                        laser system, basic

Page 11 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                      ART-Plan


                           RT      prescription
                                        information available

 Compatibili   Compatible     with  ARIA     RadOnc   Compatible     with  DICOM including RT   VARIs/Vision         The  proposed  device,  the  primary
 ty             data   from   any   integration, DICOM   data    from   any   objects,     CART   database integration,   predicate and reference devices have
            DICOM   compliant   RT,   other  image  DICOM   compliant   format, TIFF format,  DICOM RT/3.0, other   identical compatibility (DICOM format)
               scanners   for  the   formats,              scanners   for   the  CMP         format,  image       formats,
                 applicable            electromagnetic        applicable             Configurable    pure   Electromagnetic
                  modalities.               digitizer,     eclipse   modalities.              pixel            data,    digitizer, film scanner
                                            scripting       API                           PortalVision MArk 1
                                   (ESAPI)  read  only                  &   2,   Varian  CT
                                     access,      eclipse                            option,
                                            scripting       API                         Electromagnetic
                                   (ESAPI)        write                                 Digitilizer,       Film
                                     access,      eclipse                       scanner
                                      automation,   Basic
                           RT      prescription
                                        information available


Technical Information Comparison

                                       Technical Information
 Property      Proposed Device      Primary Predicate    Reference device       Reference         Reference device    Comment
               ART-Plan v2.1.0       Ethos   Treatment  ART-Plan              device             Eclipse  Treatment
                                 Management, 2.1;    v1.10.1              ECLIPSE WITH    Planning System
                                   Ethos   Treatment                  AAA
                                       Planning, 1.1
 Delineation    AI                      AI                    AI                    Not stated           Not stated           The proposed device, primary predicate and
 Method                                                                                                        one   of  the  reference  devices  (ART-Plan
                                                                                                                                       v1.10.1) share an AI delineation method.
 Image          Multi-modal      and   Registration:         Multi-modal     and  NA               CT/MR/PET  Image
 registration    mono-modal.                                                        mono-modal.                                   Registration                             CT        (including                  Rigid and deformable                           Rigid and deformable
                                            synthetic CT  from                                    4D  image   display                 Automatic       and                        Automatic      and                                       The proposed device, the primary predicate and
                                   CBCT),  MR  and                                                        (registration  of  time               manual    initialization                      manual    initialization                                          most   of  the  reference  devices  propose
                              PET                                                          yes yes                 (landmarks,    fusion                         (landmarks,    fusion                                                       registration  of  medical  images  of  different
                 box, alignment).                               box, alignment).                                series of 3D images)    modalities.
                  Registration   for  the                           Registration  for  the
                purposes            of                       purposes           of
                  replanning/


 Page 12 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                     ART-Plan


                recontouring     and                          replanning/
               AI-based   automatic                          recontouring
                 contouring.                              and        AI-based
                                                             automatic contouring.
Segmentatio   Automatically        CT and synthetic CT   Automatically           Eclipse         also   Geometrical shapes,
n Features     delineates OARs and   from CBCT            delineates OARs and   includes  tools   for  Manual  editing and
                healthy lymph nodes                           healthy lymph nodes    treatment             manipulation    tools,
                                                                                        preparation           Automatic
             Deep         learning                    Deep        learning   (diagnostic   image   /semi-automatic
                 algorithm.                                      algorithm             and        analysis,   tools,
                                                                                      contouring     and   Automatic/semi-auto
               Automatic                                   Automatic              segmentation)  and   matic    on-demand
               segmentation                                segmentation           plan review.         and  post-processing
                includes the following                          includes the following                            tools   for  individual
                  localizations:                                       localizations:                                   organs/structures,
                   * head and neck (on                               * head and neck (on                        Automatic           The proposed device, the primary predicate and
           CT images)                         CT images)                             on-demand     and  most   of  the  reference  devices  propose
                   *  thorax/breast   (for                               *  thorax/breast  (for                         pre-processing  tools   segmentation on medical images  of different
               male/female  and  on                        male/female and on                              for           multiple   modalities using AI.
           CT images)                         CT images)                                    organs/structures, 3D
                   * abdomen  (on CT                               * abdomen  (on CT                          Autornargin,  Logical
              images   and  MR                      images   and  MR                         operators
               images)                                    images)
                   * pelvis male (on CT                              * pelvis male (on CT
              images   and  MR                      images   and  MR
               images)                                    images)
                   * pelvis female (on CT                              *  pelvis female  (on
               images)                           CT images)
                   * brain (on CT images                              * brain (on CT images
             and MR images)                          and MR images)

View         Window  and   level,  Window  and  level,  Window  and   level,   Not stated           Not stated
Manipulation   pan,          zoom,   pan,        zoom,   pan,         zoom,
and             cross-hairs, slice         cross-hairs,     slice   cross-hairs, slice
Volume         navigation.               navigation.             navigation.
Rendering                                          Maximum,   average
                Color rendering, fused   Color     rendering,  and       minimum
                                                                                                           The proposed device has the same tools as the
                views, gallery views.     fused views, gallery   intensity    projection
                                                                                                                                 primary predicate.
                                         views.                 (MIP, AVG, MinIP),
                                                                    color rendering,
                                                                   multi-planar
                                                                 reconstruction (MPR),
                                                            fused  views,  gallery
                                                               views.


Page 13 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                                         Traditional 510(k)
                                     ART-Plan


Regions and   AI           Based   AI          based   AI          Based   Not stated           Not stated
Volumes       autocontouring,         autocontouring        autocontouring,
of    Interest   Registration   based
(ROI)           contour     projection   Registration  based   Registration   based
                  (re-contouring),         contour   projection   contour     projection
              Manual        ROI   (re-contouring)         (re-contouring),                                                 Both  the proposed  device and  the  primary
                manipulation     and                                                                                                 predicate  allow AI automatic contouring and
                transformation         Manual       ROI  Manual        ROI                                         manual contouring.
                (margins,   booleans   manipulation   and   manipulation    and
                 operators,               transformations        transformation
                   interpolation).           (margins,  booleans   (margins,   booleans
                                          operators,             operators,
                                              interpolation).           interpolation).
Region/volu    Intensity        and   Intensity, Hounsfield    Intensity,  Hounsfield   Not stated           Not stated
me of          Hounsfield units.          units,          Size   units    and   SUV
                                                                                                           The proposed device offers the same kind of
interest        Size  measurements   measurement        measurements
                                                                                                                               region/volume of interest
measuremen   include 2D  and 3D   include 2D and 3D   Size  measurements
                                                                                                                measurements and size measurements as the
ts and        measurements        measurements         include 2D and 3D
                                                                                                                                 primary predicate.
size           (number   of   slices,   (number  of  slices,   measurements
measuremen  volume of a structure,   volume     of    a   (number   of   slices,
ts                 static ruler)               structure,       static   volume of a structure,
                                                ruler)                     static ruler)


Page 14 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                        Traditional 510(k)
                       ART-Plan

Device Description:

The ART-Plan application consists of three key modules: SmartFuse,Annotate and AdaptBox,
allowing the user to display and visualise 3D multi-modal medical image data. The user may
process, render, review, store, display and distribute DICOM 3.0 compliant datasets within the
system and/or across computer networks.

Compared to Ethos Treatment Management, 2.1; Ethos Treatment Planning, 1.1 (primary
predicate), the following additional feature has been added to ART-Plan v2.1.0:

      ●   generation of synthetic CT from MR images. This does not represent an additional
            claim as the technological characteristics are the same and  it does not raise
              different questions  of safety and effectiveness. Also,  this feature  is already
           covered by reference and previous version of the device ART-Plan v1.10.1.


The ART-Plan technical functionalities claimed by TheraPanacea are the following:

•   Proposing automatic solutions to the user, such as an automatic delineation, automatic
    multimodal  image  fusion,  etc.  towards  improving  standardization  of  processes/
    performance / reducing user tedious / time consuming involvement.

•   Offering to the user a set of tools to assist semi-automatic delineation, semi-automatic
    registration towards modifying/editing manually automatically generated structures and
    adding/removing new/undesired structures or imposing user-provided correspondences
    constraints on the fusion of multimodal images.

•   Presenting to the user a set of visualization methods of the delineated structures, and
    registration fusion maps.

•   Saving the delineated structures / fusion results for use in the dosimetry process.

•   Enabling rigid and deformable registration of patients images sets to combine information
    contained in different or same modalities.

•   Allowing the users to generate, visualize, evaluate and modify pseudo-CT from MRI and
   CBCT images.


 Page 15 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                        Traditional 510(k)
                       ART-Plan

•   Allowing the users to generate, visualize and analyze dose on images of CT modality (only
    within the AdatpBox workflow)

•   Presenting to the user metrics to define if there is a need for replanning or not.

ART-Plan offers deep-learning based automatic segmentation for the following localizations:
   ●  head and neck (on CT images)
   ●   thorax/breast (for male/female and on CT images)
   ●  abdomen (on CT images and MR images)
   ●   pelvis male(on CT images, on synthetic-CT from CBCT and on MR images)
   ●   pelvis female (on CT images)
   ●   brain (on CT images and MR images)
ART-Plan  offers  deep-learning based synthetic CT-generation from MR images  for the
following localizations:
   ●   pelvis male
   ●   brain
ART-Plan offers deep-learning based synthetic CT-generation from CBCT images for the
following localizations:
   ●   pelvis male

Technological Characteristics:

A comparative review of the ART-Plan with the predicate device found that the technology,
mode of operation, and general principles for treatment with this device were substantially
equivalent as the predicate device.

Information about our training dataset and generalizability of the models:

A method generalizes well if the observed performance on training and validation sets remains
stable. In the case of strong presence of expert’s annotation variability (that is not necessarily
because of erroneous annotations but because image quality/organ visibility can be interpreted
differently among experts), a method that can demonstrate similar performance with respect to
a given metric on training, validation and later on testing is considered to generalize well.

In  that  process, both the loss function being optimized by the optimization procedure
(stochastic gradient descent) and the dice metric which is the main proxy of segmentation
quality, are monitored over the train and validation sets.  If the loss is non-increasing on the
validation set and  if the dice metrics follow similar in value trends in both the validation and
training sets, it is considered that the model being trained does not overfit, and hence should
generalize well, at least on input domains similar to ones in those sets.

On the contrary, overfitting can be detected whenever the training loss keeps decreasing while
the validation loss after a while increases. This means that the model is focusing on features
that are specific to the training data and not present in the validation data. This implies that the
capacity  of the model  to generalize  is poor.  In  that respect, the independence of the
train/validation/test sets is fundamental.

We consider that a model is a good candidate for production when the following conditions are
met: 1) the loss and dices have reached a plateau on the validation set, 2) there is no
overfitting, i.e. training and validation curves are similar and 3) the level of performance of the
dice for the different organs are as good or above the clinical expectations according to well
defined performance criteria.

 Page 16 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                        Traditional 510(k)
                       ART-Plan


The  learning curves  of organs may be  different depending on the sizes and shapes
(difficulties) of structures (organs). Thus, the range of testing scores, Dice Similarity Coefficient
(DSC), may vary. It is important to remember that smaller organs might have smaller DSC and
yet be still clinically relevant and acceptable, as the DSC is a relative metric that is heavily
dependent on the volume of the organ. This is due to the fact that the DSC scores are
normalized from the union of organ volume between the two sets (ground truth, automatic
annotations) and therefore lower DSC could correspond to clinically acceptable values for
small organs, since the proposed contours might take just a few editions to make them usable
for planning, whilst still saving time from the users, i.e. that these contours would be judged
“clinically acceptable after minor corrections” in a qualitative evaluation.

Learning curves can have an average DSC and loss function for each epoch (which is an
iteration of training where the whole training dataset has been passed to the network) over the
training set and over the validation set. Our curves show that validation and training data are
very close  to each  other, reaching convergence after some epochs (depending on the
structure), demonstrating no overfitting of the training data. Once convergence is achieved, the
model  is  considered  ready  to be  tested and  clinically  validated on a  different,  yet
representative data set, following a well-established process of validation that has already
been submitted to and cleared by the FDA.

Some limitations have been identified that correspond either to the sex or the age of patients.
For instance, for the auto-segmentation model following limitations are disclosed to the user in
the Instruction For Use (User Manual) based on the sex of the patient:

     -   The Truefisp Pelvis MRI and T2 Elekta Pelvis MRI auto-contouring models only work
      on male anatomy.
     -   The patient sex of the patient (dicom tag (0010, 0040)) is taken into account for the
        auto-segmentation:
                -      if the tag is "F" or "M", the sex specific organs (prostate, breast, etc.) are
               contoured according
to the tag
                -      if the tag is empty or "O":
                           -      if batch: no contour is delineated except external contour
                           -      if auto segmentation on Annotate: only common contours to the 2
                     sexes are delineated
                -      if the tag is incorrect, the generated contours may be inappropriate

The automatic contouring (including external contour) function may generate inappropriate
contours in the following cases:

     -  When the volume used is an image taken of a child
     -  When the patient has a particular anatomy.
     -  When the considered volume is that of a patient not positioned on his back at the time
         of acquisition.
     -  When the value entered in the Patient Position tag (0018, 5100) is erroneous.
     -  When the DICOM-CT contains an unusually high number of slices.
     -  When the quality of the images used as input is not satisfying enough or the resolution
          is low such as CBCT. Therefore, the contours produced may have a low quality.
     -  When the primary volume is an MRI whose acquisition sequence is not compatible
        with the selected auto-contouring model.

 Page 17 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                        Traditional 510(k)
                       ART-Plan

     -  When the patient is unusually positioned on the image (image not centered on the
         patient, head rotated on the side...)

Only some anatomies are covered by the automatic contouring:
     -   Automatic contouring on CT images covers  all anatomies (Head & Neck, thorax,
        breast, abdominal region and pelvis (M/F)
     -   Automatic contouring on MR images covers some sequences and anatomies: Brain
       T1, Abdo TF (TrueFisp), Pelvis (male) T2, Pelvis (male) TF.
     -   Automatic contouring on synthetic-CT from CBCT covers pelvis (male) anatomy.
     -    In order to suggest the most relevant structures to the user, a CT that does not include
      a chiasma but does include a liver, is not considered as Head and Neck case. In that
        case, no Head and Neck structures will be automatically segmented.

All information on the limitations of some models is included in the Instruction For Use (User
Manual) which is made available to all users of the software.

   ●  Summary test statistics or other test results including acceptance criteria or
       other  information  supporting  the  appropriateness  of  the  characterized
       performance:

Acceptance criteria for performance of ART-Plan modules were established using performance
ranges extracted from benchmark devices and alternative technologies in the literature. For an
auto segmentation model to be judged acceptable, every organ included in the model must
pass at least one acceptance criterion with success across the different testings it has been
submitted to. These criteria are as follows:

a) The Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) is equal to or superior to the acceptance criteria set by
the AAPM: DSC (mean)≥0.8.
Or
b) The Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) is equal to or superior to inter-expert variability: DSC
(mean)≥0.54 or DSC (mean) ≥mean (DSC inter-expert) + 5% .
Or
c) The clinicians’ s qualitative evaluation of the auto-segmentation is considered acceptable for
clinical use without modifications (A) or with minor modifications / corrections (B) with a A+B %
above or equal to 85% considering the following scale:
A: the contour is acceptable for a clinical use without any modification
B: the contour would be acceptable for clinical use after minor modifications/corrections
C: the contour requires major modifications (e.g. it would be faster for the expert to manually
delineate the structure)”

For the SmartFuse module, the acceptance criteria are as follows:

    1)  ART-Plan SmartFuse produces an anatomical registration of a source image towards
      a target image for which:
            a)  Dice  Similarity  Coefficient (DSC)  of the segmented registered and non
                registered image is equal to or superior to the acceptance criteria set by the
            AAPM: DSC(mean)≥0.81
            b)  Dice  Similarity  Coefficient (DSC)  of the segmented registered and non
                registered  image   is  equal  to  or  superior  to  a  benchmark  device:
             DSC(mean)≥0.65
             c)  The   clinicians’   qualitative   evaluation   of   the  propagated  contours
                 post-registration  are  considered  acceptable   for   clinical  use  without


 Page 18 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                        Traditional 510(k)
                       ART-Plan

                modifications (A) or with minor modifications/corrections (B) with A+B% above
                or equal  to 85%  for deformable and above or equal  to 50%  for  rigid
                 registration considering the following scale:
                              i)    A: the contour is acceptable for a clinical use without any modification
                                ii)    B: the contour would be acceptable for a clinical use after minor
                         modifications/corrections
                                iii)    C: the contour requires major modifications (e.g. it would be faster for
                       the expert to manually delineate the structure)
            d)  The clinicians’ qualitative evaluation of the overall registration output following
                   clinical protocols to qualitatively assess registration outcomes is considered
               acceptable for clinical use with A+B% above or equal to 85% for deformable
             and 50% for rigid registration considering the following scale:
                              i)    A: the registration exceeds the expectation
                                ii)    B:  the  registration meets the expectation  (incl. cases  for which
                         additional margin may be required or registration might be relaunched
                       using different supporting tools)
                                iii)    C: the registration is not acceptable
    2)  ART-Plan SmartFuse module produces an anatomical registration of a source image
       towards a target image for which the Jacobian Determinant need to be positive
    3)  ART-Plan SmartFuse module produces an anatomical registration of a source image
       towards a target image for which the target registration error (TRE) must be bellow the
       acceptance  criteria set by the AAPM (maximum voxel size of the pair of images
        involved): TRE<2mm (POPI database)

For the synthetic-CT generation tool from MR, the acceptance criteria are as follows:

    a. A median 2%/2mm gamma passing criteria of ≥95%
    b. A median 3%/3mm gamma passing criteria of ≥99.0%
     c.  A mean dose deviation (synthetic-CT compared to standard CT) of ≤2% in ≥88% of
        patients

For the synthetic-CT generation tool from CBCT, the acceptance criteria are as follows:

    a. A median 2%/2mm gamma passing criteria of ≥92%
    b. A median 3%/3mm gamma passing criteria of ≥93.57%
     c.  A mean dose deviation (synthetic-CT compared to standard CT) of ≤2% in ≥76.7% of
        patients

For the dose engine function, the acceptance criteria are as follows:

    a. DVH or median dose deviation ≤24.4% for Lung tissue or ≤4.4% for other organs
    b.  a median 2%/2mm gamma passing rated of ≥86.3%
     c.  A median 3%/3mm gamma passing criteria of ≥91.75%

   ●   Total number of individual patients images in the reported auto segmentation
        tools and independence of test data and training data

Our training, validation and test cohorts are built from real-world retrospective data which were
initially used for treatment of cancer patients. For the structures of a given anatomy for a given
modality (MR or CT), two non-overlapping data sets were separated: the test patients (number
selected based on thorough literature review and statistical power) and the train data. We
make sure that those sets are non-overlapping and further split the train cases into train and


 Page 19 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                        Traditional 510(k)
                       ART-Plan

validation sets and ensure enough train cases for the machine learning models to converge
and achieve good performances of the validation set.

We choose the proportion of the training data that is kept as validation set to be between 10%
and 25%, depending on the absolute amount of training data. Having more validation data is
important to better assess the robustness and generalization of the models as long as enough
data is kept for training. This explains that this validation proportion may vary from one task to
the other.

         ●  Auto-segmentation tool

                                    Sample
                             %
                                            Size
                                  Training   246226   78
                                   Validation   69147    22
                                      Total    315373   100

         ●  Synthetic-CT from MR images

                                    Sample
                             %
                                            Size
                                  Training    6195    77
                                   Validation   1839    23
                                      Total     8034    100

         ●  Synthetic-CT from CBCT images

                                    Sample
                             %
                                            Size
                                  Training    1467    88
                                   Validation    203     12
                                      Total     1670    100

Table 2: Distribution of samples between training and validation data sets

   ●   Total number of cases and samples images for training in the reported auto
       segmentation results

The total number of patients used for training of auto-segmentation (8950) is lower than the
number of samples (246226). This is linked to the fact that one patient can be associated with
more images (e.g. CT, MR) and that each image (anatomy) has the delineation of several
structures (OARs and lymph nodes) which increases the number of samples used for training
and validation. The same rationale for the generation of synthetic-CT from CBCT or MR
images.

   ●  Demographic distribution including gender, age and ethnicity


 Page 20 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                        Traditional 510(k)
                       ART-Plan

All data used for training of the models have been pseudo-anonymised by the centers
providing data before transfer. Around 88% of the data used for training contain information on
gender and age of the patients.  In terms of gender, around 44% and 56% of our data (that
contains this information) are from female and male patients, respectively. In comparison, in
2020 according to the Global Cancer Observatory, 48% and 52% of the cancer patients were
female and male, respectively.

In terms of age, our data follows the same trend observed and reported in the US (SEER NIH),
UK (Cancer Research UK) and worldwide (Global Cancer Observatory) for cancer incidence
according to age, with more than 95% of the data coming from patients between 20 and 85
years old. Our data has a slight overrepresentation (8% points) for the ages between 54 and
64 years old, at the cost of a slight underrepresentation of patients in the age range between
20-34 (1.5% points) and above 85 (2.1% points) years old. In addition, following the general
global (incl US) trend, our data also depicts a steep rise in the incidence rate from in the age
group of 55-64 years old, with a median age of 64 years old (as compared to 66 years old in
the US).

Although  this  information  is not exhaustive,  this analysis shows  that the demographic
distribution in terms of age and gender of the data used for training and validation of the
models are well aligned with the incidence cancer statistics found for instance in US, UK and
globally. This comes from the fact that real clinical data provided by medical facilities without
any selection  criteria  (i.e. no discrimination or selection has been applied to the cases
retrieved), leading to the demographic distribution including gender and age across the data is
representative of the distribution in the clinic and thus of the cancer patient population in
general.

In terms of anatomies, the training data overall is made of 16.4% brain, 28.1% head and neck,
24.6% thorax, 4.4% abdominal and 26.4% pelvis.

An exception is noted for following models that are gender-dependent:
- 100% of pelvis images for male pelvis model for automatic annotation are male patients
- 100% of pelvis images for female pelvis model for automatic annotation are female patients
- 100% of breast images for the breast automatic annotation are female patients
- 100 % of pelvis images for automatic synthetic-CT generation from CBCT and MR are male
patients

Since we use pseudo-anonymized data for training and this data does not include any
information on  ethnicity, TheraPanacea  is not able  to assess the data distribution and
representation in terms of ethnicity.

In  addition,   automatic delineation  of the device demonstrated equivalent performances
between non-US and US population.

   ●  On the “truthing” and data collection process

         ●  Autosegmentation
The contouring guidelines followed to produce the contours were confirmed with the centers
which provided the data. Our truthing process includes a mix of data created by different
delineators (clinical experts) and assessment of intervariability, ground truth contours provided
by the centers and validated by a second expert of the center, and qualitative evaluation and
validation of the contours. This process ensures that the data used for training and testing can
be considered representative of the delineation practice across centers and  is following
international guidelines.

 Page 21 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                        Traditional 510(k)
                       ART-Plan


         ●  Generation of synthetic-CT (from MR or CBCT)

The clinical evaluation as part of the “truthing-process” guidelines followed to produce and
validate the synthetic-CTs were extracted from the literature and confirmed with the centers
which provided the data and helped in the performance evaluation. Our truthing process
includes imaging metrics based comparison between synthetic-CTs and real planning CTs for
the same patients. The real planning CTs come from a mix of machines and centers to avoid
any bias. In addition, the evaluation includes a non-inferiority assessment of the capability of
the synthetic-CT to be used for dose generation purposes as compared to a planning CT. This
process ensures that the data used for training and testing can be considered representative
of the clinical practice across centers and following the processes outlined and reviewed
through the literature review.

   ●  On clinical subgroups, confounders and equipment details

In general, confounding factors affecting health status present in the dataset could be related
to patient clinical variables such as age, gender, ethnicity, economical and educational levels.
As shown in “Demographic distribution including gender, age and ethnicity”, our data  is
representative of the demographic cancer distribution in terms of gender and age. In addition,
our models when appropriate  (i.e. for gender independent anatomies) are shared across
gender removing any further bias and augmenting substantially training cohorts. To assess
potential subgroup bias in AI models, a fairness methodology is used for each subgroup. The
analysis raised no significant concerns about the introduction of unfair biases in the AI models
for any of the identified subgroups (age and gender).

Variables  like ethnicity, economical and educational status that could be associated with
obesity are  further confounding  factors  that could impact global  patient's anatomy and
introduce bias in the performance of the obtained solution. To address this aspect, we have
adopted a strategy that projects a patient's specific anatomy to common, multiple, different in
size,  full-body female and male patient templates, allowing a direct harmonization of data
resulting in potential removal of bias of anatomical diversity across ethnic, economical and
educational groups. Please note that this information (ethnic group, educational/economical
level, etc.) is often not available in the pseudo-anonymised data and therefore performing
statistical tests and increasing the number of operations allowing to separate correlations from
causality is often unattainable.

Regarding variables associated with treatment therapeutic and treatment implementation
strategies; we can imagine imaging devices and treatment devices being potential confounding
factors as differences exist among CT and MR scanners manufacturers that could potentially
introduce bias. We have addressed this concern through a statistical analysis of the different
imaging vendors in EU & USA towards the creation of a data training, validation and testing
cohort that globally appropriately represents the market share of the different vendors allowing
generalization and removing hardware specific bias. In terms of treatment implementation, it
should be noted that different guidelines exist and depending on the treatment device different
therapeutic constraints and guidelines are applied. This is reflected in our database since
different  strategies and constraints are used depending on the choice of treatment (e.g
external radiotherapy vs stereotactic treatment). Our solution, due to its concept of removing
bias through projection to patient template anatomies as well as due to the component-based
approach that is able to aggregate training data across imaging and treatment vendors, is able
to address the maximum set of constraints. Therefore, we do not introduce any bias on the
type of treatment that will be delivered (supporting any type of clinically conventionally adopted
treatment from manufactures such as Varian, Elekta, Accuray, GE, Siemens, ViewRay & Zap

 Page 22 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                        Traditional 510(k)
                       ART-Plan

Surgical), providing direct means for customization of the constraints to be met at the clinical
expert  level and offering a representative coverage of  all vendors in radiation oncology
world-wide.

An exception is noted for following models that are vendor-, machine- or sequence-dependent:

     -  MR annotation tool for pelvis and abdominal regions were trained on data from a
       0.35T MR machine provided by ViewRay
     -   synthetic-CT generation tool for pelvis was trained on data from a 0.35T MR machine
        provided by ViewRay
     -   synthetic-CT generation tool and annotation tool for MR pelvis was trained on data
       from 1.5T Philips (Elekta) for T2 sequences, and might not work on T1-weighted
       images
     -   synthetic-CT from CBCT generation tool for pelvis male was trained on data coming
       from Varian and Elekta machines


 Page 23 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                           Traditional 510(k)
                          ART-Plan


Summary of Verification and Validation Activities

In Table 3, a summary of Performance Test Results for the Annotate Module of ART-Plan (since the latest
cleared version of the software in v1.10.1) is presented:


                            Performance test                           Any differences to
        Organ                                 Summary of results
                       method/Acceptance criterion                                protocol?

    1.  Duodenum         Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 25
                         experts                            inter-expert=1.32%
                                                                              which is above the
                            Criterion C                     Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

    2.  Large bowel        Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 25
                         experts                            inter-expert=1.19%
                                                                              which is above the
                            Criterion C                     Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

    3.  Small bowel        Intervariability comparison to      DICE diff             Sample size: 25
                         experts                            inter-expert=2.44%
                                                                              which is above the
                            Criterion C                     Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                         size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 20

    4.  Right lacrimal     Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=100%           Sample size: 20
       gland
                            Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                    minimum data sample
                      Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                       method: 15

    5.   Left lacrimal       Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=100%           Sample size: 20
       gland
                            Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                    minimum data sample
                      Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                       method: 15

    6.   cervical lymph     Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=97%            Sample size: 20
      nodes VIA
                            Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                    minimum data sample
                      Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                       method: 15

    7.   Cervical lymph    Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=100%           Sample size: 20


 Page 24 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                           Traditional 510(k)
                         ART-Plan


     nodes VIB
                           Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                   minimum data sample
                     Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                      method: 15

  8.  Pharyngeal        Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=100%           Sample size: 20
       constrictor
      muscle             Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                   minimum data sample
                     Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                      method: 15

  9.  Anal canal         Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=98.68%         Sample size: 38

                           Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                   minimum data sample
                     Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                      method: 15

  10. Bladder            Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=93.42%         Sample size: 38

                           Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                   minimum data sample
                     Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                      method: 15

  11.  Left femoral       Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=100%           Sample size: 38
     head
                           Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                   minimum data sample
                     Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                      method: 15

  12. Right femoral      Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=100%           Sample size: 38
     head
                           Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                   minimum data sample
                     Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                      method: 15

  13. Penile bulb        Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=96.05%         Sample size: 38

                           Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                   minimum data sample
                     Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                      method: 15

  14. Prostate           Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=92.10%         Sample size: 38

                           Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                   minimum data sample
                     Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                      method: 15

  15. Rectum            Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=100%           Sample size: 38


Page 25 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                           Traditional 510(k)
                          ART-Plan


                            Criterion D                      passed                which is above the
                                                                    minimum data sample
                      Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                       method: 15

   16. Seminal vesicle   Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=94.59%         Sample size: 37

                            Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                    minimum data sample
                      Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                       method: 15

   17. Sigmoid           Qualitative evaluation by experts   A+B=98.68%         Sample size: 38

                            Criterion D                     Passed               which is above the
                                                                    minimum data sample
                      Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                       method: 15


In Table 4, a summary of Performance Test Results for the SmartFuse module of ART-Plan (since the
latest cleared version of the software in v1.10.1) is presented:


       Clinical use            Performance test        Summary of results    Any differences to
                       method/Acceptance criterion                                protocol?

    1.  tCBCT - sCT      Qualitative evaluation by experts     Rigid: A+B%=95.56%   Sample size: 45
                                                         Deformable:
                            Criterion 1D                  A+B%=97.78%         which is above the
                                                                    minimum data sample
                      Min sample size for evaluation     Passed                  size
                       method: 15

    2.   tsynthetic-CT -    Qualitative evaluation of            Deformable:          Sample size: 30
      sCT             propagated contours by experts      Target:
                                              A+B%=94.06%         which is above the
                            Criterion 1C                                       minimum data sample
                                                   Passed                  size
                      Min sample size for evaluation
                       method: 17

    3.  tCT - sSCT        Qualitative evaluation by experts      rigid: A+B%=70.37%    Sample size: 27

                            Criterion 1D                    Passed               which is above the
                                                                    minimum data sample
                      Min sample size for evaluation                                size
                       method: 17


In Table 5, a summary of Performance Test Results for the AdaptBox module of ART-Plan (since the
latest cleared version of the software in v1.10.1) is presented:


 Page 26 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                           Traditional 510(k)
                         ART-Plan


        Criteria              Performance test        Summary of results    Any differences to
                      method/Acceptance criterion                                protocol?

                                      Synthetic-CT from CBCT

 Gamma index           Criteria A & B                2%/2mm = 98.85      Sample size: 20
                                          3%/3mm = 99.43
 2%/2mm             Min sample size for evaluation                            which is above the
 3%/3mm             method: 17                     Passed              minimum data sample
                                                                                        size

 DVH parameters        Criterion C                 DVH parameters <     Sample size: 20
 (PTV)                                            0.199% in 100% of the
                     Min sample size for evaluation      cases                 which is above the
                      method: 17                                       minimum data sample
                                                  Passed                  size

                                     Dose engine

 Gamma index           Criteria B & C                2%/2mm = 97.22%     Sample size: 272 total
                                          3%/3mm = 99.50%      Brain: 42
 2%/2mm             Min sample size for evaluation                        H&N: 70
 3%/3mm             method: NA in the state of the art   Passed                Chest: 44
                                                                                      Breast: 26
                                                                                        Pelvis 90

 DVH parameters        Criteria A                  DVH parameters <     Sample size: 272 total
 (PTV)                                           1.29%                   Brain: 42
                     Min sample size for evaluation                        H&N: 70
                      method: NA in the state of the art   Passed                Chest: 44
                                                                                      Breast: 26
                                                                                        Pelvis 90

 DVH parameters        Criteria A                  DVH parameters <     Sample size: 272 total
 (OARs)                                          3.9%                     Brain: 42
                     Min sample size for evaluation                        H&N: 70
                      method: NA in the state of the art   Passed                Chest: 44
                                                                                      Breast: 26
                                                                                        Pelvis 90


Page 27 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                        Traditional 510(k)
                       ART-Plan


Non-Clinical Tests (Performance/Physical Data):

In Table 6, testing based on which ART-Plan v2.1.0 (since the latest cleared version of the
software in v1.10.1) was evaluated for its safety and effectiveness are presented:


          Test Name                    Test Description/Results             Results
                                This document is intended to document the usability test
Usability Report                   results for the ART-Plan v2.1.0 for compliance with IEC
                                                                             Passed
(V2.1.0)                     62366-1:2015+AMD1:2020     -   Medical   devices    -
                                  Application of usability engineering to medical devices.
Usability file - ART-USR-13     The ART-Plan was assessed with regards to usability for
                                                                             Passed
(V2.1.0)                       compliance with each section of IEC 62366.
                                This table shows that European medical physicists who
                            have  participated  in the  evaluation have at least an
Usability - Testers qualification
                                 equivalent  expertise  level compared  to a  junior US     N/A
(V2.1.0)
                               medical  physicist  (MP),  and  responsibilities  in  the
                                 radiotherapy clinical workflow are equivalent.
                       A literature review is performed to establish acceptance
                                        criteria  for  performance  of ART-Plan modules using
                              performance ranges observed from benchmark devices
Literature Review and
                           and  alternative  technologies   in  the   literature.   All
Performance Criteria
                           measures of performance that were established in this     N/A
Extraction Report for ART-Plan
                           document were supported by clinical evidence.  It was
(V2.1.0)
                                 also demonstrated, from the clinical data, that ART-Plan
                            has a clear  clinical relevance  in accordance with the
                                        clinical state of the art.
                          The document summarises  all performance tests that
                            have been  performed  since the  last FDA approved
ART-Plan performance testing    version (1.6.1).  It also shows which criteria have been
- Overview                   met  in  each  test  for   all modules  of  ART-Plan.   It   Passed
(V1.10.1-2.1.0)                 demonstrates that all modules of ART-Plan pass at least
                           one performance acceptance  criterion and hence are
                                         clinically acceptable for release.
                          The  literature review was performed  to estimate the
                                 appropriate sample size of the testing data set towards
Pilot study for sample size
                               demonstrating the performance of the image registration,
estimation - literature review                                                        N/A
                              segmentation and synthetic-CT generation solutions on
(V2.1.0)
                                 the basis of the most recent and most relevant scientific
                                        literature.
                          The study was developed to cover the major clinical use
                             cases  in which fusions are used  in the radiotherapy
                               workflow and split into as many sub-studies as clinical
Qualitative & Quantitative
                            use cases of fusion in radiotherapy workflow. The results
validation of fusion                                                              Passed
                          show  that  both  types  of  fusion  algorithms  (Rigid &
performances (V2.1.0)
                              Deformable) in SmartFuse pass the performed tests, and
                                provide   valid   results   for   further   clinical  use   in
                                  radiotherapy.
Protocol for qualitative &         This study evaluated the quality of the  rigid and the
quantitative validation of fusion   deformable fusion algorithms of the SmartFuse module
performances for                   for replanification of CT-based treatments.                Passed
tCBCT_sCT_replanning
modality (V2.0.0)


 Page 28 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                        Traditional 510(k)
                       ART-Plan

Protocol for qualitative &         This study evaluated the quality of the  rigid and the
quantitative validation of fusion   deformable fusion algorithms of the SmartFuse module
performances                 for   for replanification of CT-based treatments.                Passed
tsynthetic-CT_sCT_replanning
modality (V2.1.0)
Protocol for qualitative &         This study evaluated the quality of the  rigid and the
quantitative validation of fusion   deformable fusion algorithms of the SmartFuse module
performances                 for   for replanification of CT-based treatments.                Passed
tCT_ssynthetic-CT_replanning
modality (V2.1.0)
                          The purpose of this document is to describe all the testing
                                 protocols  and   testing   results   for   validating   the
                              performance of the Annotate module.

                             To this aim, this document gathers information of all the
                                      different testing conducted on Annotate for the CT, MR
                           and   synthetic-CT   from  CBCT   autosegmentation
                                 algorithms for v2.1.0:
                            ●   qualitative  evaluation   for  autosegmentation
                                     performance    -   pelvis   male   organs  on
                                         synthetic-CT from CBCT - see section 18.13
                            ●   autosegmentation    performances     against
Study Protocol and Report                 inter-expert variability - bowel loop structures on
Annotate       Performances        CT  - see section 18.14                        Passed
Summary (V2.1.0)               ●   qualitative  evaluation   for  autosegmentation
                                     performance  - H&N lymph nodes (CT)  - see
                                          section 18.15
                            ●  Non  regression   testing   for   integration   in
                                    ART-Plan v1.11.0 (CT and MR models)  - see
                                          section 18.7
                            ●  Non  regression   testing   for   integration   in
                                    ART-Plan v2.1.0 (CT and MR models)  - see
                                          section 18.16

                              Since  all organs added  in  v.2.1.0  of Annotate have
                            passed at least one test and met at least one acceptance
                                         criteria, all organs have been released.
                                This  test  demonstrates  that  the  module  Annotate
Study Protocol and Report
                                provides acceptable contours for the organs evaluated on
Qualitative     Validation     of
                                synthetic-CT from CBCT images of patients. All organs
Annotate in ART-Plan for pelvis                                                    Passed
                                    that have passed the acceptance criterion of reaching a
male organs on synthetic-CT
                              percentage  of  at  least 85%  of A  or B  (qualitative
from CBCT (V2.1.0)
                                  evaluation) have been released in v.2.1.0.
                                This  test  demonstrates  that  the  module  Annotate
Study  Protocol  and  Report-   provides clinically acceptable (compared to inter-expert
Autosegmentation                   variability) for bowel loops structure. All organs that have
performances          against  passed the acceptance criterion of reaching a percentage   Passed
inter-expert  variability  - bowel   of  a  DSC(mean)≥   0.8   or  DSC(mean)≥0.54)   or
loop structures (V2.1.0)        DSC(mean)≥mean(DSC  inter-expert)+5%  relative error
                                    (quantitative evaluation) have been released in v.2.1.0.
                                This  test  demonstrates  that  the  module  Annotate
Study Protocol and Report       provides acceptable contours for the organs evaluated on
Qualitative     Validation     of  CT images of patients. All organs that have passed the
                                                                             Passed
Annotate in ART-Plan for H&N  acceptance criterion of reaching a percentage of at least
lymph nodes (V2.1.0)        85% of A or B (qualitative evaluation) have been released
                                       in v.2.1.0.


 Page 29 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                        Traditional 510(k)
                       ART-Plan

                                This test demonstrates equivalence between the version
                                    v.2.1.0 and v.2.0.0 of the auto-segmentation models for
Autosegmentation regression
                                             all structures and shows that the updated models provide
test for integration in ART-Plan                                                    Passed
                                         clinically acceptable  contours.  All organs passed the
(V2.1.0)
                                defined criteria, and were hence accepted for release in
                                 the v.2.1.0.
                          The  evaluation  demonstrated  the  dose  calculation
Study protocol and report
                              accuracy by carrying out measurements on a Linac and
Dose  engine  measurements                                                    Passed
                             comparing the results with the dose engine given various
validation (V2.1.0)
                                 metrics and acceptance criteria.
                          The evaluation demonstrated the  non-inferiority of the
Study protocol and report
                            dose engine function of the AdaptBox module in terms of
Dose engine clinical validation                                                    Passed
                                 dosimetric measures compared to other commercially
(V2.1.0)
                                  available dose engines.
Study protocol and report       The evaluation demonstrated the  non-inferiority of the
Dose   engine   performance  dose engine function of the AdaptBox module in terms of
                                                                             Passed
against   reference   devices   dosimetric measures compared to FDA cleared devices.
(V2.1.0)
                          The evaluation demonstrated the non-inferiority of using
                                synthetic-CT  from CBCT  for treatment replanning  in
Study protocol and report
                              terms of dosimetric measures as compared to CT-based
Clinical       validation       of
                                treatment replanning. Our synthetic-CT from CBCT for    Passed
synthetic-CTs   from  CBCT
                                   pelvis has shown  to produce  results  that meet the
(V2.1.0)
                             acceptance  criteria derived from  clinical practice and
                                       literature review.
Study   protocol  and   report  The evaluation demonstrated the  non-inferiority of the
Performance   against  Ethos  AdaptBox module compared to a FDA cleared device.      Passed
(Varian) (V2.1.0)
Study protocol and report       The    evaluation   demonstrated    the    equivalent
Performance  on  US  data  performances between non-US and US population.         Passed
(V2.1.0)
Study Protocol and Report for   The  evaluation  demonstrated  the  anatomical  and
CBCT-based     synthetic-CT   geometrical of the synthetic-Ct generated from CBCT       Passed
evaluation (V2.1.0)
AI-powered  decision  making   This study demonstrated that AdaptBox is an  effective
process   for RT  re-planning   tool to assist physicians and physicists in the decision   Passed
(V2.1.0)                     making process for re-planning

System Verification and        The  system  verification  and  validation  testing was
                                                                             Passed
Validation Testing (V2.1.0)       performed to verify the software of the ART-Plan.


Software Verification and Validation Testing

Software verification and validation testing were conducted, and documentation was provided
as recommended by FDA’s Guidance for Industry and FDA Staff, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices.”

The software for this device was considered as a “major” level of concern, since a failure or
latent design flaw could directly result in death or serious injury to the patient or a failure or
provide diagnostic information that directly drives a decision regarding treatment or therapy,
such that if misapplied it could result in serious injury or death.

Animal Studies


 Page 30 of 31

TheraPanacea SAS
                        Traditional 510(k)
                       ART-Plan

No animal studies were conducted as part of submission to prove substantial equivalence.

Clinical Studies

No clinical studies were conducted as part of submission to prove substantial equivalence.

Safety and Effectiveness/Conclusion:

Based on the information presented in these 510(k) premarket notifications the TheraPanacea
ART-Plan is considered substantially equivalent. The TheraPanacea ART-Plan is as safe and
effective as the currently marketed predicate device.

Based on  testing and comparison with the predicate devices, TheraPanacea ART-Plan
indicated no adverse indications or results.  It is our determination that the TheraPanacea
ART-Plan performs  within  its design specifications and  is substantially equivalent to the
predicate device.


 Page 31 of 31