Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                 April 26, 2024
℅ Monsuru Bello
Official Correspondent
810 Innovation Drive
KNOXVILLE, TN 37932


Re: K232799
    Trade/Device Name:  syngo.via RT Image Suite
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.5050
    Regulation Name: Medical Charged-Particle Radiation Therapy System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: MUJ
    Dated: March 27, 2024
    Received: March 27, 2024

Dear Monsuru Bello:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 9
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K232799 - Monsuru Bello                                                             Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                         Lora D. Weidner, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Radiation Therapy Team
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (ifknown)
Device Name
Indications for Use (Describe)
syngo.via RT Image Suite is a 3D and 4D image visualization, multimodality manipulation and
contouring tool that helps the preparation of treatments such as, but not limited to those performed
with radiation (for example, Brachytherapy, Particle Therapy, External Beam Radiation Therapy). It
provides tools to view existing contours, create, edit, modify, copy contours of regions of the body,
such as but not limited to, skin outline, targets and organs-at-risk.
It also provides functionalities to create simple geometric treatment plans. Contours, images and
treatment plans can subsequently be exported to a Treatment Planning System.
The software combines the following digital image processing and visualization tools:
+ Multi-modality viewing and contouring of anatomical, functional, and multiparametric images such
as but not limited to CT, PET, PET/CT, MRI, Linac CBCT images
* Multiplanar reconstruction (MPR) thin/thick, minimum intensity projection (MIP), volume rendering
technique (VRT)
+ Freehand and semi-automatic contouring of regions-of-interest on any orientation including oblique
+ Automated Contouring on CT images
* Creation of contours on images supported by the application without prior
assignment of a planning CT
+ Manual and semi-automatic registration using rigid and
deformable registration
+ Supports the user in comparing, contouring, and adapting contours based
on datasets acquired with different imaging modalities and at different
time points
+ Supports multi-modality image fusion
+ Visualization and contouring of moving tumors and organs
+ Management of points of interest including but not limited to the isocenter
* Creation of simple geometric treatment plans
* Generation of a synthetic CT based on multiple pre-define MR acquisitions
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) oO Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

K232799 - 510(k) Summary
1.  Identification of the Submitter
 Submitter / Primary Contact Person       Monsuru K Bello
                                            Regulatory Affairs
                                          monsuru.bello@siemens-healthineers.com
                                           +1(202) 856-6099
 Secondary Contact Person                  Clayton Ginn
                                            Regulatory Affairs
                                           clayton.ginn@siemens-healthineers.com
                                      +1 (865) 898-2692
 Submitter Address                       Siemens Medical Solutions, Inc. USA
                                          Molecular Imaging
                                      810 Innovation Drive
                                                 Knoxville, TN 37932
                                            Establishment Registration Number: 1034973
 Legal Manufacturer                      Siemens Healthcare GmbH
                                           Siemensstr 1
                                       D-91301 Forchheim, Germany
                                            Establishment Registration Number: 3004977335
 Importer/Distributor                     Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
                                      40 Liberty Boulevard
                                          Malvern, PA 19355
                                            Establishment Registration Number: 2240869


2. Device Name and Classification
Product Name:          syngo.via RT Image Suite
Propriety Trade Name:  syngo.via RT Image Suite
Classification Name:    Medical Charged-Particle Radiation Therapy System
Classification Panel:     Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.5050
Device Class:            Class II
Product Code:       MUJ


3. Predicate Devices
Predicate Device:
Trade Name:            syngo.via RT Image Suite
Classification Name:    Medical Charged-Particle Radiation Therapy System
Classification Panel:     Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.5050
Device Class:            Class II


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      1

Product Code:       MUJ
510(k) Number:        K220783


4. Device Description
The subject device with the current software version SOMARIS/8 VB80 is an image analysis software for
viewing, manipulation, 3D and 4D visualization, comparison of medical images from multiple imaging
modalities and for the segmentation of tumors and organs-at-risk, prior to dosimetric planning in
radiation therapy. syngo.via RT Image Suite combines routine and advanced digital image processing
and visualization tools for manual and software assisted contouring of volumes of interest, identification
of points of interest, sending isocenter points to an external laser system, registering images and
exporting final results. syngo.via RT Image Suite supports the medical professional with tools to use
during different steps in radiation therapy case preparation. The changes in the current software version
SOMARIS/8 VB80 are as follows:

    •   Modifications in Advanced Contouring: Data for training and validation of Advanced Contouring
      was obtained through clinical collaborations from Asia, Australia, Europe, and America to
       provide variability in age, gender, geographic origin, etc. Both native and contrasted CT images
       are included.
    •   Revised User Interface
5. Indications for Use
syngo.via RT Image Suite is a 3D and 4D image visualization, multi-modality manipulation and contouring
tool that helps the preparation of treatments such as, but not limited to those performed with radiation
(for example, Brachytherapy, Particle Therapy, External Beam Radiation Therapy).

It provides tools to view existing contours, create, edit, modify, copy contours of regions of the body,
such as but not limited to, skin outline, targets and organs-at-risk. It also provides functionalities to
create simple geometric treatment plans. Contours, images and treatment plans can subsequently be
exported to a Treatment Planning System.

The software combines the following digital image processing and visualization tools:

• Multi-modality viewing and contouring of anatomical, functional, and multi-parametric images such
   as but not limited to CT, PET, PET/CT, MRI, Linac CBCT images
• Multiplanar reconstruction (MPR) thin/thick, minimum intensity projection (MIP), volume rendering
  technique (VRT)
• Freehand and semi-automatic contouring of regions-of-interest on any orientation including oblique
• Automated Contouring on CT images
• Creation of contours on images supported by the application without prior assignment of a planning
  CT
• Manual and semi-automatic registration using rigid and deformable registration
• Supports the user in comparing, contouring, and adapting contours based on datasets acquired with
   different imaging modalities and at different time points
• Supports multi-modality image fusion

Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      2

• Visualization and contouring of moving tumors and organs
• Management of points of interest including but not limited to the isocenter
• Creation of simple geometric treatment plans
• Generation of a synthetic CT based on multiple pre-define MR acquisitions


6. Indications for Use Comparison to the Predicate Device

                 Subject Device                                  Predicate Device

             syngo.via RT Image Suite                           syngo.via RT Image Suite
             (software version: SOMARIS/8 VB80)                          (software version SOMARIS/8 VB70)
                   (510(k) number: K232799)                                     (510(k) number: K220783)
 syngo.via RT Image Suite is a 3D and 4D image visualization,    syngo.via RT Image Suite is a 3D and 4D image visualization,
 multi-modality manipulation and contouring tool that helps    multi-modality manipulation and contouring tool that helps
 the preparation of treatments such as, but not limited to       the preparation of treatments such as, but not limited to
 those performed with radiation (for example,                 those performed with radiation (for example,
 Brachytherapy, Particle Therapy, External Beam Radiation      Brachytherapy, Particle Therapy, External Beam Radiation
 Therapy).                                                   Therapy).

  It provides tools to view existing contours, create, edit,             It provides tools to view existing contours, create, edit,
 modify, copy contours of regions of the body, such as but      modify, copy contours of regions of the body, such as but
 not limited to, skin outline, targets and organs-at-risk. It also   not limited to, skin outline, targets and organs-at-risk. It also
 provides functionalities to create simple geometric            provides functionalities to create simple geometric
 treatment plans. Contours, images and treatment plans can    treatment plans. Contours, images and treatment plans can
 subsequently be exported to a Treatment Planning System.    subsequently be exported to a Treatment Planning System.

 The software combines the following digital image           The software combines the following digital image
 processing and visualization tools:                            processing and visualization tools:
  •  Multi-modality viewing and contouring of anatomical,      •  Multi-modality viewing and contouring of anatomical,
     functional, and multi-parametric images such as but not        functional, and multi-parametric images such as but not
     limited to CT, PET, PET/CT, MRI, Linac CBCT images             limited to CT, PET, PET/CT, MRI, Linac CBCT images
  •  Multiplanar reconstruction (MPR) thin/thick, minimum     •  Multiplanar reconstruction (MPR) thin/thick, minimum
     intensity projection (MIP), volume rendering technique         intensity projection (MIP), volume rendering technique
    (VRT)                                                      (VRT)
  •  Freehand and semi-automatic contouring of regions-of-     •  Freehand and semi-automatic contouring of regions-ofinterest on any orientation including oblique                    interest on any orientation including oblique
  • Automated Contouring on CT images                     • Automated Contouring on CT images
  •  Creation of contours on images supported by the          •  Creation of contours on images supported by the
     application without prior assignment of a planning CT          application without prior assignment of a planning CT
  • Manual and semi-automatic registration using rigid and     • Manual and semi-automatic registration using rigid and
    deformable registration                                   deformable registration
  •  Supports the user in comparing, contouring, and           •  Supports the user in comparing, contouring, and
    adapting contours based on datasets acquired with            adapting contours based on datasets acquired with
     different imaging modalities and at different time points        different imaging modalities and at different time points
  •  Supports multi-modality image fusion                     •  Supports multi-modality image fusion
  •  Visualization and contouring of moving tumors and         •  Visualization and contouring of moving tumors and
    organs                                                   organs
  • Management of points of interest including but not        • Management of points of interest including but not
     limited to the isocenter                                         limited to the isocenter
  •  Creation of simple geometric treatment plans              •  Creation of simple geometric treatment plans
  •  Generation of a synthetic CT based on multiple pre-        •  Generation of a synthetic CT based on multiple predefine MR acquisitions                                       define MR acquisitions


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      3

7. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device
The differences between the above referenced predicate device are listed at a high-level in the following
table:

                                  Subject Device                                       Predicate Device
                                Siemens                                        Siemens
   Feature
                             syngo.via RT Image Suite                              syngo.via RT Image Suite
                        (software version SOMARIS/8 VB80)                    (software version SOMARIS/8 VB70)
                                                                                       (510(k) number: K220783)
             Advanced Contouring tools (automatic contouring of    Advanced Contouring tools (automatic contouring of
                 structures, nudge 3D tool, etc.). Support of Rapid         structures, nudge 3D tool, etc.). Support of Rapid
                Results Technology. Streamlined workflow to adapt      Results Technology. Streamlined workflow to adapt
               contours from a prior to a current planning CT          contours from a prior to a current planning CT
                (“adaptive contouring”).                                (“adaptive contouring”).
 Advanced
 Contouring    Modifications:
                   •   The existing, cleared Advanced Contouring
                         feature has been extended by additional
                        anatomical structures. There are no changes
                    on the underlying DL-based autocontouring
                         algorithm.
                syngo.via based GUI                                    syngo.via based GUI
 User                Modifications:  Interface
                   •   Minor modifications on the UI. Restructured
                     and revised UI elements.


The remaining functions in syngo.via RT Image Suite remain unchanged compared to the predicate
version.
    •  Beam Placement
    •   Reference Point Management
    •   Patient Marking
    •   Routine Contouring
    •  Advanced Contouring
    •   Routine Structure Operations
    •   Duplication of Structures and POIs
    •   Structure Set Management
    •   Rigid Alignment
    •  Deformable Alignment
    •  Dose Evaluation
    •   Synthetic CT
    •   Contouring on 4D Image Data
    •  Lobe-Based Lung Ventilation
    •   Routine Reading Functionality


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      4

•   Parallel Image Display
    •   Routine Annotation Functionality
8. Performance Data
The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.
Non-Clinical Testing - Software Verification and Validation
Software Documentation for Enhanced documentation Level per FDA’s Guidance Document “Guidance
for the Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions” issued on June 14, 2023, is
also included as part of this submission. The Risk Analysis was completed, and risk control implemented
to mitigate identified hazards. The testing supports that all software specifications have met the
acceptance criteria. Testing for verification and validation support the claim of substantial equivalence.

Performance Evaluation of the Algorithm
The AI-based autocontouring feature of syngo.via RT Image Suite was tested on 413 subjects. The test
data was generated from an independent set that was not seen by the model during training stage to
cover a wide range of CT scanners and typical CT acquisition and reconstruction parameters. The general
guideline was to reserve 20% of the available data for validation. The test data covers:

    •   Regional distribution (Europe: IT, PT, CH, UK, NL, DE; North America: US, CA; South America: BR;
         Australia, Asia: JP, IN)
    •  Demographic distribution: Male/female
    •   Distribution by manufacturer of the scanner: GE, Siemens, Philips
    •   Distribution in protocols of different slice thicknesses: between < 1 mm till > 3 mm
    •  Subgroup analysis regarding manufacturer, slice thickness and gender did not show any
        confounder.

Table 1: Distribution of validation data across subgroups

 Subgroup             # Validation data sets
 Data Source             Europe: 58, US: 165, Canada: 39, South America: 78, Australia: 28, Asia: 33,
                      unknown: 12
 Body Region           Head&Neck: 113, Thorax&Abdomen: 216, Pelvis: 84
 Gender                Male: 188, female: 174. Unknown: 51
 Age                    <=30: 1, [30-50]: 6, [50;70]: 46, >70: 20, unknown: 340
 Slice thickness (in mm)   <=1:19, (1,2]: 207, (2,3]: 168, >3: 19
 Manufacturer           Siemens: 126, GE: 77, Philips: 140, unknown/others: 70


Manual ground-truth segmentations were annotated by an expert team based on well accepted
 international contouring guidelines, followed by a rigorous independent quality assessment. The testing
 ensures the quantitative performance of the resulting segmentations by comparing them to the
 manually annotated ground truth based on the commonly used overlap metric Dice coefficient . All
 tests passed the defined acceptance criteria on the geometric overlap with the ground truth. The
 evaluation results confirm the clinical safety and performance of the autocontouring feature.


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      5

Risk Analysis
The risk analysis was completed, and risk control implemented to mitigate identified hazards. The
testing results support that all the software specifications have met the acceptance criteria. Testing for
verification and validation of the device was found acceptable to support the claims of substantial
equivalence.
Siemens hereby certifies that syngo.via RT Image Suite meets the following FDA Recognized Consensus
standards listed below:
 Standard          Version         Content                             FDA
                                                                                Recognition
                                                                Number
                                                                                                                           (if applicable)
 ANSI AAMI IEC     :62304:2006/A   Medical device software - Software life cycle    13-79
 62304            1:2016           processes [Including Amendment 1 (2016)]
 NEMA PS 3.1 -      :2022              Digital Imaging and Communications in        12-349
 3.20 2022d                        Medicine (DICOM) Set
 ISO 14971         :2019            Application of Risk Management to Medical     5-125
                                     Devices
 IEC 62366-1         Edition 1.1       Medical devices - Part 1: Application of         5-129
                  2020-06           usability engineering to medical devices
                 CONSOLIDATED
                 VERSION
 ISO 15223-1       Fourth edition    Medical devices - Symbols to be used with      5-134
                  2021-07         information to be supplied by the
                                   manufacturer - Part 1: General requirements
 ISO 20417            First edition      Medical devices - Information to be supplied    5-135
                  2021-04        by the manufacturer
                    Corrected
                     version 2021-
                 12

9. Conclusion
syngo.via RT Image Suite has the same intended use and indication for use as the predicate device. The
result of all testing conducted was found acceptable to support the claim of substantial equivalence. The
comparison of technological characteristics, clinical and non-clinical performance data, and software
validation demonstrates that the subject device is as safe and effective when compared to the predicate
device that is currently marketed for the same intended use. Siemens used the same testing with the
same workflows as used to clear the predicate device. Siemens considers syngo.via RT Image Suite to be
as safe, as effective and with performance substantially equivalent to the commercially available
predicate device.


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      6