November 28, 2023

Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.
℅ Clayton Ginn
Official Applicant
2501 North Barrington Road
Hoffman Estates, Illinois 60192

Re: K232000
    Trade/Device Name:  syngo.via MI Workflows; Scenium; syngo MBF
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: October 25, 2023
    Received: October 25, 2023

Dear Clayton Ginn:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 5
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K232000 - Clayton Ginn                                                               Page 2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                             OHT 8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
Food and Drug Administration Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
Indications for Use See PRA Statement below.
Submission Number (ifknown)
Device Name
syngo.via MI Workflows;
Scenium;
syngo MBF
Indications for Use (Describe)
syngo.via molecular imaging (MI) workflows comprise medical diagnostic applications for viewing,
manipulation, quantification, analysis and comparison of medical images from single or multiple
imaging modalities with one or more time-points. These workflows support functional data, such as
positron emission tomography (PET) or nuclear medicine (NM), as well as anatomical datasets,
such as computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance (MR). syngo.via MI workflows can
perform harmonization of SUV (PET) across different PET systems or different PET reconstruction
methods.
syngo.via MI workflows are intended to be utilized by appropriately trained health care professionals
to aid in the management of diseases, including those associated with oncology, cardiology,
neurology, and organ function. The images and results produced by the syngo.via MI workflows can
also be used by the physician to aid in radiotherapy treatment planning.
Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
4} Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D) Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)
CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.
This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
Department of Health and Human Services
Food and Drug Administration
Office of Chief Information Officer
Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

K232000

                          510(k) Summary
1.  Identification of the Submitter
Submitter / Primary Contact        Clayton Ginn
Person                            Regulatory Affairs
                                  clayton.ginn@siemens-healthineers.com
                              +1 (865) 898-2692

Secondary Contact Person          Alaine Medio
                                  Regulatory Affairs
                                 alaine.medio@siemens-healthineers.com
                              +1 (240) 601-3848

Applicant Name and Address      Siemens Medical Solutions, Inc. USA
                              2501 North Barrington Road
                              Hoffman Estates IL, 60192, USA
                                  Establishment Registration Number: 1423253


2. Device Name and Classification
Product Trace Name:    syngo.via MI Workflows; Scenium; syngo MBF
Common Name:        Medical image management and processing system
Classification Name:    Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Classification Panel:     Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.2050
Device Class:            Class II
Product Code:         QIH


3. Predicate Devices
Primary Predicate Device:
Product Trace Name:    syngo.via MI Workflows; Scenium; syngo MBF
510(k) Number:        K211459
Clearance Date:        06/10/2021
Common Name:        Medical image management and processing system
Classification Name:    Automated Radiological Image Processing Software
Classification Panel:     Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.2050
Device Class:            Class II
Product Code:         QIH


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      1

Reference Device
Trade Name:            syngo.via RT Image Suite
510(k) Number:        K220783
Clearance Date:        09/07/2022
Common Name:        Medical charged-particle radiation therapy system
Classification Name:     System, Planning, Radiation Therapy Treatment
Classification Panel:     Radiology
CFR Section:          21 CFR §892.5050
Device Class:            Class II
Product Code:       MUJ


4. Device Description
syngo.via MI Workflows (including Scenium and syngo MBF applications) is a multi-modality postprocessing software only medical device intended to aid in the management of diseases, including those
associated with oncology, cardiology, neurology, and organ function. The syngo.via MI Workflows
applications are part of a larger syngo.via client/server system which is intended to be installed on
common IT hardware. The hardware itself is not seen as part of the syngo.via MI Workflows medical
device.


The syngo.via MI Workflows software addresses the needs of the following typical users of the product:
    •   Reading Physician / Radiologist – Reading physicians are doctors who are trained in interpreting
        patient scans from PET, SPECT and other modality scanners. They are highly detail oriented and
       analyze the acquired images for abnormalities, enabling ordering physicians to accurately
       diagnose and treat scanned patients. Reading physicians serve as a liaison between the ordering
        physician and the technologists, working closely with both.
    •   Technologist – Nuclear medicine technologists operate nuclear medicine scanners such as PET
      and SPECT to produce images of specific areas and states of a patient’s anatomy by
        administering radiopharmaceuticals to patients orally or via injection. In addition to
        administering the scan, the technologist must properly select the scan protocol, keep the
        patient calm and relaxed, monitor the patient’s physical health during the protocol and evaluate
       the quality of the images. Technologists work very closely with physicians, providing them with
        quality-checked scan images.

The software has been designed to integrate the clinical workflow for the above users into a serverbased system that is consistent in design and look with the base syngo.via platform and other syngo.via
software applications. This ensures a similar look and feel for radiologists that may review multiple types
of studies from imaging modalities other than Molecular Imaging, such as MR.


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      2

The syngo.via MI workflows software supports integration through DICOM transfers of positron
emission tomography (PET) or nuclear medicine (NM) data, as well as anatomical datasets, such as
computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance (MR).
Although data is automatically imported into the server based on predefined configurations through the
hospital IT system, data can also be manually imported from external media, including CD, external mass
storage devices, etc.
The Siemens syngo.via platform and the applications that reside on it, including syngo.via MI Workflows,
are distributed via electronic medium. The Instructions for Use is also delivered via electronic medium.
syngo.via MI Workflows includes 2 workflows (syngo.MM Oncology and syngo.MI General) as well as the
Scenium neurology software application and the syngo MBF cardiology software application which are
launched from the OpenApps framework within the MI General workflow.

5. Indications for Use
syngo.via molecular imaging (MI) workflows comprise medical diagnostic applications for viewing,
manipulation, quantification, analysis and comparison of medical images from single or multiple imaging
modalities with one or more time-points. These workflows support functional data, such as positron
emission tomography (PET) or nuclear medicine (NM), as well as anatomical datasets, such as computed
tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance (MR). syngo.via MI workflows can perform harmonization of
SUV (PET) across different PET systems or different PET reconstruction methods.
syngo.via MI workflows are intended to be utilized by appropriately trained health care professionals to
aid in the management of diseases, including those associated with oncology, cardiology, neurology, and
organ function. The images and results produced by the syngo.via MI workflows can also be used by the
physician to aid in radiotherapy treatment planning.

6. Indications for Use Comparison to the Predicate Device
The indications for use are the same between the subject device and the primary predicate device.

7. Comparison of Technological Characteristics with the Predicate Device
syngo.via MI Workflows with software version VB80A, Scenium with software version VE60, and syngo
MBF with software version VB30 software provide the same technological characteristics in terms of
materials, energy source, and control mechanisms when compared to the legally marketed predicate
device since all devices are software only devices.
The software features have been modified in comparison to the predicate device to support enhanced
device functionality.


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      3

The intended use, indications for use, and fundamental scientific technology for the subject device
remains unchanged from the predicate device. No features present from the predicate device have been
de-scoped.
At a high level, the subject and predicate devices are based on the following same technological
elements:
    •  Data Supported (PET, SPECT, CT, MR)
    •   Server/Client architecture
    •  Workflow Activities (preprocessing, evaluation and reading, reporting and storage)
    •   Feature Licensing Structure
    •  SUV values calculated

The following technological differences exist between the subject device and predicate devices.
syngo.via MI Workflows VB80:
   MI General
    •  Organ Segmentation and Organ Specific Tumor Burden
    •   Features from MM Oncology
     o  Lesion Scout
     o  PERCIST Reference Region
     o  3D VOI Iso-contour
    •  Minor Features
     o  Consolidation of MI Workflows
     o  4D/4D Data in All Layouts
     o  SSC Tools: Layout Editing and Reset Layout Tool
     o  Color identification of timepoints
  MM Onco
    •  CT Large Matrix Data Support
    •   Iodine Threshold
    •   Lesion Type Filter for syngo.CT Lung CAD
    •   Interactive Spectral Imaging


Scenium VE60:
    •  Tau workflow Support
    •  OpenApps Migration


Any differences in technological characteristics do not raise different questions of safety and
effectiveness. Testing and validation are completed. Test results show that the subject devices are
comparable to the predicate devices in terms of technological characteristics and safety and
effectiveness and therefore are substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      4

8. Non-Clinical and/or Clinical Test Summary & Conclusions
The following performance data were provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination.
Software Verification and Validation
Software Documentation for a Moderate Level of Concern software per FDA’s Guidance Document
“Content of Premarket Submissions for Device Software Functions” issued on May, 2005 is also included
as part of this submission. The performance data demonstrates continued conformance with special
controls for medical devices containing software. The testing supports that all software specifications
have met the acceptance criteria. Verification and validation testing substantiates all requirement and
functional specifications, including specifications related to device hazards, and supports the claim of
substantial equivalence.


Performance Testing
In addition to verification and validation testing, non-clinical performance evaluation was conducted in
order to measure the accuracy of the deep-learning algorithm used for MI general organ segmentation,
and to assess the agreement between the introduced tau quantification workflow against existing
methods.

Clinical testing was not conducted for this submission.

Organ Segmentation
The organ segmentation consists of a region of interest detection based on anatomical landmarks,
followed by a Deep Image-to-Image Network performing the actual segmentation step. The algorithm
utilized is the same algorithm originally cleared within syngo.via RT Image Suite (K201444) and carried
into the reference predicate device (syngo.via RT Image Suite, K220783).

The segmentation quality was assessed by comparing a manually annotated ground truth with the
algorithm result using the overlap measure DICE coefficient and the average symmetric surface distance
(ASSD: average surface distance between algorithm result and manual ground truth annotation). All
organs met criteria for either the average DICE coefficient or the ASSD.

The following factors are known to affect the segmentation accuracy:
    •   Accuracy and calibration of the CT scanner used to acquire the images
    •  Image reconstruction settings, such as reconstruction kernel, slice thickness, spacing, resolution,
      and Field of View (FoV)
    •    If applicable, quantity of contrast media and injection protocol used
    •  Scan protocol used and dose delivered
    •   Patient compliance during image acquisition, for example, breathhold and motion
    •   Patient anatomy
    •  Organ size
    •   Patient orientation and position during image acquisition
    •  User skills


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      5

Tau Workflow Support
With the FDA approval of Tauvid (NDA 212123), also known as flortaucipir, a PET tracer that allows
estimation of the distribution and density of tau protein in the brain, Siemens is implementing a
workflow to support tau quantification in the MI Neuro Cortical Analysis workflow of Scenium.

Amyloid PET quantification has already been supported within the Cortical Analysis workflow of Scenium
enabling the user to perform cortical SUVR calculations with respect to a reference region for the three
FDA approved amyloid PET tracers.
Quantification steps of tau PET scans with the newly developed tau workflow are similar to the existing
amyloid PET quantification, with a dedicated tau brain template for fusion to a standard space, and new
cortical / background regions for SUVR calculations.

The (AAL) atlas1, which is also utilized in the predicate device, was used as the basis to define all Braak
regions in tau quantification workflow. Braak volumes of interest (VOIs) were all either existing in the
AAL atlas or deduced from existing AAL regions.

SUVRs calculated on individual and composite Braak VOIs using our pipeline and our masks were
compared to SUVRs calculated with an MR-based method and MR-based segmentations.2-3 The
comparisons showed good correlations and agreement between the two sets of values on more than
700 flortaucipir images from ADNI4.


Risk Analysis
The risk analysis was completed, and risk control implemented to mitigate identified hazards. The
testing results support that all the software specifications have met the acceptance criteria. Testing for
verification and validation of the device was found acceptable to support the claims of substantial
equivalence.


Standards
Siemens hereby certifies that syngo.CT Applications meets the following FDA Recognized Consensus
standards listed below:

                                                                                              Standards Recognition   Product                                                     Date of                                     Title of Standard                                             Development Number      Area                                                             Recognition                                                                                                  Organization

                                     Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine 12-349        Radiology                                                     12/19/2022   NEMA                           (DICOM) Set; PS 3.1 - 3.20 2022d

                             Medical Device Software –Software Life Cycle                       AAMI, ANSI, 13-79         Software                                                     01/14/2019                                Processes; 62304:2006 (1st Edition)/A1:2016                            IEC


1 https://www.gin.cnrs.fr/en/tools/aal/
2 R. Fahmi, “A PET only 18F-flortaucipir quantification: comparison with an MRI-based method”, EANM’2021
3 S. Landau et al., “Flortaucipir(AV-1451) processingmethods”, ADNI publications, 2021
4 https://adni.loni.usc.edu/

Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      6

Software/     Medical devices – Application of risk management to 5-125                                                                      12/23/2019     ISO                 Informatics    medical devices; 14971 Third Edition 2019-12

                             Medical devices - Part 1: Application of usability                General I                                                                  AAMI, ANSI, 5-129                        engineering to medical devices                      07/06/2020              (QS/RM)                                                                             IEC                           62366-1:2015+AMD1:2020

                             Medical devices - Symbols to be used with medical
 5-134                General        device labels, labelling, and information to be         12/20/2021     ISO
              (QS/RM)       supplied - Part 1: General requirements
                              ISO 15223-1 Fourth edition 2021-07


Conclusion
There are no differences in the Indications for Use, Intended Use, or Fundamental Technological
Characteristics of the syngo.via MI Workflows VB80A software as compared to the currently
commercially available syngo.via MI Workflows software (K211459).
Both the current and predicate devices are used for viewing, manipulation, quantification, analysis, and
comparison of medical images from single or multiple imaging modalities with one or more time-points.
Additionally, the new features implemented within this release do not raise any new issues of safety and
effectiveness as compared to the predicate device. Based on this information, as well as the
documentation in support of the modifications, it is Siemens’ opinion that the syngo.via MI Workflows
software—with the modifications outlined in this application—is substantially equivalent to the
predicate device.


Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.                                                      7