June 21, 2024

JLK Inc.
℅ John Smith
Partner
Hogan Lovells US LLP
555 13th Street, NW
Washington, District of Columbia 20004

Re: K233196
    Trade/Device Name: Medihub Prostate
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.2050
    Regulation Name: Medical Image Management And Processing System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: QIH
    Dated: May 10, 2024
    Received: May 10, 2024

Dear John Smith:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

K233196 - John Smith                                                                Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                 Sincerely,


                                            Daniel M. Krainak, PhD
                                                Assistant Director
                                 DHT8C: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           and Radiation Therapy Devices
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 06/30/2023
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K233196

Device Name
MEDIHUB PROSTATE


Indications for Use (Describe)
MEDIHUB PROSTATE is an image processing software package that performs outlining, processing, viewing, and
editing of prostate MR images. The software can support study review and analysis of prostate MR data with computed
modules. The analysis result can be presented in various formats, including images overlaid onto source MR images and a
structured report.
MEDIHUB PROSTATE semi-automatically outlines the prostate based on MR images by contour, and it requires the user
to edit with image manipulating tools and confirm the final result. The package provides additional functionalities
including registered multiparametric-MRI viewing and combining MR sequences into a single image to support
visualization. Edited PI-RADS report and semi annotated prostate region can be viewed in each single image in the final
report.
MEDIHUB PROSTATE is intended to be used by trained radiologists and urologists. Patient management decisions
should not be made solely based on the analysis performed by MEDIHUB PROSTATE.

Limitations:
* MEDIHUB PROSTATE has been validated for use with Siemens 3T Vida and Skyra MRI machines.
* MEDIHUB PROSTATE is also designed for use with the Siemens 3T T2 MRI series, supporting slice thicknesses
ranging from 3.5 mm to 5 mm.
* MEDIHUB PROSTATE has been tested on patients aged 55 years and above.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (6/20)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

510(k) SUMMARY
                           JLK’s MEDIHUB PROSTATE
                                 K233196


      I.  SUBMITTER

JLK Inc.
5, Teheran-ro 33-gil, Gangnam-gu,
Seoul, Republic of Korea
Phone: (+82) 02 6925 6189
FAX: (+82) 0505 300 4051
Contact person / E-mail: Dongmin Kim / dmkim@jlkgroup.com
Date Prepared: June 14, 2024

      II. DEVICE

Name of Device: MEDIHUB PROSTATE
Common or Usual Name: MEDIHUB PROSTATE
Classification Name: Medical image management and processing system
Regulatory Class: II
Product Code: QIH
Classification regulation: 21 CFR 892.2050

      III. PREDICATE DEVICE

Device: Quantib Prostate
Manufacturer: Quantib B.V.
510(k) No: K202501
Product Code: LLZ
Regulatory Class: II

    IV. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

MEDIHUB PROSTATE is an image processing software package for multi-parametric prostate MR
image analysis. The analysis may assist trained radiologists and urologists in clinical interpretation
of prostate MR studies. It can be accessed through a web browser, and provides the following
main features:
     •  A semi-automatic processing module that outlines the prostate region and performs multiparametric MRI image registration.
     •  A user-interaction module in which the user can edit and approve the computed prostate
         outline and determine PSA density using serum PSA level.
     •  A user-interaction module in which the user can view multi-parametric MRI images, and
         outline and analyze ROIs. This extension will also apply a mathematical operation on the
         input images  to combine information from another MRI sequences  into a  single
        combination image.

                                      1

•  A semi-automatic processing module that collects all results for exporting and transferring
       back to the user.
All measurements are manual except for the prostate volume, which is semi-automatic and
requires user review. The method for measuring prostate volume is straightforward and unaffected
by patient demographics. Users have the option to outline the prostate either completely manually
or with semi-automatic assistance. This device is not intended to be used for fully automatic
prostate delineation. It does not involve any segmentation functions by itself. The AI functionality
is limited to assessing the total prostate volume, without segmenting lesions.
In semi-automatic mode, our device employs an AI-based algorithm to initially outline the prostate
volume, and then  it requires the user to edit, review and approve. Additionally, the device
calculates the total prostate volume. However, users are responsible for performing all other image
annotations and measurements manually. This implies that the final decision should be confirmed
by the user, and the user should not rely solely on the device’s analysis.
Additional annotations and measurements: all calculated manually
     PI-RADS
      Location of seminal vesicles
      Prostate zones
     DWI and DCE graphs


    V. INDICATIONS FOR USE

MEDIHUB PROSTATE  is an image processing software package  that performs  outlining,
processing, viewing, and editing of prostate MR images. The software can support study review
and analysis of prostate MR data with computed modules. The analysis result can be presented
in various formats, including images overlaid onto source MR images and a structured report.

MEDIHUB PROSTATE semi-automatically outlines the prostate based on MR images by contour,
and  it requires the user to edit with image manipulating tools and confirm the final result. The
package provides additional functionalities including registered multiparametric-MRI viewing and
combining MR sequences into a single image to support visualization. Edited PI-RADS report and
semi annotated prostate region can be viewed in each single image in the final report.

MEDIHUB PROSTATE is intended to be used by trained radiologists and urologists. Patient
management decisions should not be made solely based on the analysis performed by MEDIHUB
PROSTATE.

Limitations:

      •   MEDIHUB PROSTATE has been validated for use with Siemens 3T Vida and Skyra
       MRI machines.
      •   MEDIHUB PROSTATE is also designed for use with the Siemens 3T T2 MRI series,
         supporting slice thicknesses ranging from 3.5 mm to 5 mm.
      •   MEDIHUB PROSTATE has been tested on patients aged 55 years and above.


                                      2

VI. COMPARISON OF TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS WITH THE PREDICATE
      DEVICE

MEDIHUB PROSTATE shares similar indications for use, technological characteristics, and
principles of operation with its predicate device. At a high level, both the subject device and
predicate device are based on the same technological elements as follows:


                             Substantial Equivalence Chart

                                                Quantib Prostate          Substantial      Item        MEDIHUB PROSTATE                                                    (K202501)           Equivalence
 Regulatory Data
    Regulatory                 Class II                      Class II                        Equivalent      Class
   Classification   Medical image management    Picture archiving and                                                                             Equivalent1    Name      and processing system        communications system
    Regulation                21 CFR 892.2050            21 CFR 892.2050               Equivalent    Number
  Product Code   QIH                      LLZ                           Equivalent
 Use
   Target users    Trained medical professionals  Trained medical professionals    Equivalent

  Anatomical site   Prostate                       Prostate                       Equivalent
  Where used    Hospital                        Hospital                       Equivalent
                         • User can approve or reject      • User can approve or reject
                     results                           results
                         • User can inspect and edit       • User can inspect and edit
                   prostate segmentation          prostate segmentation
                         • User can enter PSA value       • User can enter PSA value
                and compute PSA density     and compute PSA density    Workflow                         • User can create and update    • User can create and update     Equivalent  Considerations                   regions of interest (ROIs)       regions of interest (ROIs)
                         • User can add and update       • User can add and update
                   annotations (text) to analysis    annotations (text) to analysis
                         • User can manually set a PI-    • User can manually set a PIRADS score using a PI-RADS  RADS score using a PI-RADS
                     interactive worksheet            interactive worksheet
 Technical characteristics


1 The name of the generic devices regulated under 21 C.F.R. 892.2050 has been changed from Picture archiving and
communications system to Medical image management and processing system as part of FDA’s implementation of the
21st Century Cures Act.
                                      3

Quantib Prostate          Substantial    Item        MEDIHUB PROSTATE                                                   (K202501)           Equivalence
                       • Semi-automatic prostate        • Semi-automatic prostate
                segmentation                 segmentation
                       • Multi parametric image          • Multi parametric image
                review                        review
                       • Biparametric combination       • Biparametric combination
   Design      image viewer                image viewer                   Equivalent
                       • Basic image manipulation       • Basic image manipulation
                    tools, Thresholding tool          tools, Thresholding tool
                       • User interface to                  • User interface to
                 create/update user generated   create/update user generated
              ROIs                     ROIs
                       • Bench testing performed to     • Bench testing performed to
                    test the functionality of the       test the functionality of the
               system                     system
  Non-clinical      • This included                      • This included                                                                           Equivalent performance    characterization of the          characterization of the
                standalone performance of     standalone performance of
                 the prostate segmentation      the prostate segmentation
                  algorithm.                       algorithm.
                       • Prostate segmentation           • Prostate segmentation
                 algorithm was tested in a       algorithm was tested in a
    Clinical        clinical use context                clinical use context                                                                           Equivalent performance     • i.e. as a semiautomatic          • i.e. as a semiautomatic
                 algorithm after correction by    algorithm after correction by
                  trained clinicians.               trained clinicians.
                       • IS0 14971 – Medical devices   • IS0 14971 – Medical devices
                 –Application of risk             –Application of risk
              management to medical      management to medical
                devices                       devices
                       • IEC 62304 – Medical device    • IEC 62304 – Medical device
Standards met   software – Software life cycle   software – Software life cycle     Equivalent
                processes                   processes
                       • IEC 62366 – Medical             • IEC 62366 – Medical
                devices – Application of        devices – Application of
                    usability engineering to          usability engineering to
                medical devices               medical devices
                       • Tested in accordance with      • Tested in accordance with
                    verification and validation        verification and validation
                processes and planning        processes and planning
SW verification    • The testing results support      • The testing results support                                                                           Equivalentand validation    that all the system               that all the system
                requirements have met their    requirements have met their
               acceptance criteria and are     acceptance criteria and are
               adequate for its intended use   adequate for its intended use


                                     4

Quantib Prostate          Substantial      Item        MEDIHUB PROSTATE                                                    (K202501)           Equivalence
   Compatibility
     with the
   environment   DICOM compatible         DICOM compatible              Equivalent
    and other
     devices

                   Prostate gland Volume, PSA    Prostate gland volume, PSA
                    density, ROIs within the         density, ROIs within the
                    prostate, with for each ROI:     prostate, with for each ROI:    Reported                         • Volume                              • Volume                      Equivalent    measures                         • Average ADC value              • Average ADC value
                         • PI-RADS score                    • PI-RADS score
                         • Location                            • Location
             DICOM compatible data, type  DICOM compatible data, type
  Required input   of MRI scans: T2-weighted,     of MRI scans: T2-weighted,      Equivalent
                DWI, ADC, DCE             DWI, ADC, DCE


     VII. PERFORMANCE DATA

Data Description


Study Population Dataset: The Study Population Dataset is the same as algorithm development
dataset. The dataset consists of three sets, Korea, US (the University of Missouri Health Care),
and ProstateX (open dataset). The dataset is split into Training/Validation/Testing dataset. In
Phase I, a Stand-alone Performance test was conducted, and in Phase II, a Reader Performance
test was conducted. In the Study Population Dataset, the Training/Validation datasets and the
Testing dataset were stratified at a ratio of 9:1. Additionally, within the Training/Validation split, the
Training dataset and the Validation dataset were further stratified at a ratio of 9:1. The data used
                                      5

to demonstrate performance of the device included Siemens 3T Vida and Skyra systems with slice
thickness ranging from 3.5 to 5 mm.

Algorithm Performance Testing

A performance check test was conducted on the prostate region segmentation algorithm of
MEDIHUB PROSTATE. The performance was obtained by comparing the ground truth produced
by three expert radiologists and the results of the prostate region segmentation algorithm. The
performance was measured by the mean value of Dice coefficient and Hausdorff Distance of the
test group. The results were obtained and calculated by computer coding, and the score for each
case was recorded. Utilizing the test datasets of Korea patients, US patients, and ProstateX (open
dataset), the performance of the prostate region segmentation function was evaluated. Calculating
the Dice coefficient between ground-truth and algorithm prediction yields the performance. The
pass/fail criterion for each dataset is whether the mean Dice coefficient exceeds 0.894, which is
determined by  analyzing  the  results  of  the most  recent  state-of-the-art  prostate  region
segmentation algorithm published in the past 5 years; this value is the average of performance in
articles whose performance is greater than the average of the entire references. The value is
calculated as the lower limit of 99%, confidence interval based on the performances of whole
reference. As a consequence, the criteria were met by all three test datasets.

Clinical Testing (Stand-alone Performance)

The purpose of this study  is to verify the stand-alone performance of the prostate region
segmentation algorithm. MEDIHUB PROSTATE was developed by applying a deep learning
technique on T2 prostate MRI. The clinical test investigator collected data that met the inclusion
criteria and no subjects met the exclusion criteria. Based on a total of 114 T2 MR images
(University of Missouri Hospital) the final validity evaluation was performed on prostate region
segmentation ground truth produced by three expert radiologists. In this clinical test,  it was
confirmed that mean Dice coefficient was higher than the predefined primary efficacy evaluation
criterion. The clinical testing results demonstrated that the overall Dice coefficient and Hausdorff
distance were 0.928 and 2.171, respectively, with the 95% confidence intervals  for these
measurements being [0.925, 0.931] for the Dice coefficient and [1.097, 3.245] for the Hausdorff
distance.

Ground Truthing Process

The ground truthing was conducted by expert-level radiologists. They independently annotated the
prostate images, and these annotations were then consolidated into a definitive ground truth
through a majority rule approach. The rationale for employing consensus among three radiologists,
resolved through discussion and mutual agreement in cases of ties, ensures a reliable and
unbiased representation of the prostate, crucial for the accurate clinical performance evaluation of
our device.

Clinical Testing Dataset Distribution

                    Demographic information on subjects (N=114)
 Gender, n(%)               Male, 114 (100%)
                       Mean ± SD                       66.38 ± 5.33
 Age
                           Median (Min, Max)               66 (57, 78)

                                      6

55~59                         14 (12.3%)
 Age group, n (%)          60~69                         63 (55.3%)
                          70~79                         37 (32.5%)
                            White                          106 (92.9%)
 Races                        African American                7 (6.1%)
                             Asian                          1 (0.9%)
 As indicated in a paper by Mavropoulos (2007)2, there is no significant association between race
 and prostate size. Given that race or ethnicity does not impact measuring prostate area or volume.


  95% confidence interval of the dice coefficient and Hausdorff distance calculated by
             comparing ground truth and the result of algorithms by race

     Race                Dice Coefficient                   Hausdorff Distance
                                    0.929                                    2.173     White                                     *[0.925, 0.933]                                *[2.066, 2.280]
      African                       0.925                                    2.085
    American                     *[0.902, 0.949]                                 *[1.711, 2.459]
                                    0.917                                    2.929
      Asian                                      *[nan, nan]                                    *[nan, nan]
* 95% Confidence Interval

  95% confidence interval of the dice coefficient and Hausdorff distance calculated by
             comparing ground truth and the result of algorithms by age

     Age                Dice Coefficient                   Hausdorff Distance
                                    0.938                                    1.871     < 60                                     *[0.925, 0.950]                                *[1.638, 2.103]
                                    0.927                                    2.224      ≥ 60                                     *[0.923, 0.931]                                 *[2.114, 2.335]
* 95% Confidence Interval


Clinical Testing (Reader Performance)

The purpose of this study is to compare the reader performance with and without the prostate
region segmentation algorithm of MEDIHUB PROSTATE. Dice coefficients of the investigators’
performances are calculated by comparing the ground truth of the prostate region segmentation
with each investigator’s segmentation results. The results were better when all three expert
radiologists were with aid of the prostate region segmentation algorithm of MEDIHUB PROSTATE.
And regardless of by race and age, the results were better in all cases with aid of the prostate
region segmentation algorithm of MEDIHUB PROSTATE. The improvements in the Dice coefficient

2  Mavropoulos, J. C., Partin, A. W., Amling, C. L., Terris, M. K., Kane, C. J., Aronson, W. J., ... & Freedland, S. J. (2007). Do racial
   differences in prostate size explain higher serum prostate-specific antigen concentrations among black men?. Urology, 69(6), 1138-1142.

                                      7

for prostate outlining performance for the three radiologists when using the prostate region
segmentation algorithm of MEDIHUB-PROSTATE were 0.156, 0.011, and 0.008, respectively.

                         Properties of Performance Testing Cases
                Properties                                Value
                     Sites                           University of Missouri Health Care
                Field Strengths                             3T
      MR Scanner Manufacturer          SIEMENS, Siemens HealthCare GmbH
                Thickness                            3.5mm, 5mm
              Purpose of AI                   Prostate region semi auto-segmentation


Safety Implications

MEDIHUB PROSTATE is intended to support trained radiologists and urologists. The software
does not make diagnoses; it provides quantification results that must be interpreted by a trained
radiologists and urologists before using the device. MEDIHUB PROSTATE is both software
applications running on off-the-shelve hardware. In conclusion, MEDIHUB PROSTATE does not
introduce any new safety issues compared to the predicate device Quantib Prostate.

     VIII. DISCUSSION & CONCLUSIONS

Discussion

MEDIHUB PROSTATE employs a deep learning model to semi-automatically outline the prostate
region. Its performance is evaluated using the Dice coefficient against ground-truth data from
Korea patients, US patients, and an open dataset (ProstateX). The pass/fail criterion, set at a mean
Dice coefficient of 0.894, is determined by recent state-of-the-art algorithms. Results show that all
three test datasets meet this criterion, with Dice coefficients surpassing 0.866 in every case,
demonstrating substantial equivalence.

Conclusions

MEDIHUB PROSTATE is semi-automatic image processing software. Clinical test results indicate
its safety as it does not affect patients according to the software's results. By utilizing the semiautomatic drawing function of the software, it demonstrates efficiency in improving the accuracy of
user's prostate region segmentation, making  it as safe and effective as the Quantib Prostate.
MEDIHUB PROSTATE has the same intended uses and similar indications, technological
characteristics, and principles of operation as  its predicate device. In addition, the minor
technological differences between the MEDIHUB PROSTATE and its predicate devices raise no
new issues of safety or effectiveness. Performance data demonstrate  that the MEDIHUB
PROSTATE is as safe and effective as the Quantib Prostate. Thus, the MEDIHUB PROSTATE is
substantially equivalent.


                                      8