February 8, 2024
Nano-X AI Ltd.
℅ Neta Sherman
AVP Regulatory Affairs and Quality
Shlomo Shmeltzer Road 94,
Petah Tikva, 4970602
PO BOX 3486
ISRAEL


Re: K233080
    Trade/Device Name: HealthFLD
    Regulation Number: 21 CFR 892.1750
    Regulation Name: Computed Tomography X-Ray System
    Regulatory Class: Class II
    Product Code: JAK
    Dated: January 10, 2024
    Received: January 10, 2024

Dear Neta Sherman:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above
and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure)
to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment
date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the
provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket
approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls
provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some
cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database
available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination
product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration,
listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and
adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We
remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be
subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of
Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements
concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA
guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"
(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software
Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).


U.S. Food & Drug Administration
10903 New Hampshire Avenue                                                                D o c  I D # 0 4 0 1 7 . 0 6 . 0 8
Silver Spring, MD 20993
www.fda.gov

K233080 - Neta Sherman                                                              Page  2


Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part
820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming
product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a
change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve
changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and
approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA
has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal
statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's
requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part
801); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for
devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see
https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS)
regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart
A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections
531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR
807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part
803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including
information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the
Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See
the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE
by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

                                                Sincerely,
                       Lu Jiang
                                   Lu Jiang, Ph.D.
                                                Assistant Director
                                             Diagnostic X-Ray Systems Team
                                 DHT8B: Division of Radiological Imaging
                                           Devices and Electronic Products
                                  OHT8: Office of Radiological Health
                                              Office of Product Evaluation and Quality
                                            Center for Devices and Radiological Health
Enclosure

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES               Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120
                         Food and Drug Administration                                                                                               Expiration Date: 07/31/2026
                                                                       See PRA Statement below.                  Indications for Use

510(k) Number (if known)
K233080

Device Name
HealthFLD


Indications for Use (Describe)
The HealthFLD device is an image processing software that provides quantitative and qualitative analysis of the liver
from CT images to support clinicians in the evaluation and assessment of Fatty Liver. The HealthFLD software provides
measurements of liver attenuation (mean HU in a region of interest). HealthFLD is indicated for use in non-contrast and
contrast CT scans, with any clinical indication, for patients aged 18 up to 75. CTs must include a significant part of the
liver. The HealthFLD device is not intended to provide a diagnosis or risk assessment of fatty liver disease.


Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)
                   Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)           Over-The-Counter Use (21 CFR 801 Subpart C)

                        CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

                      This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.
           *DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.*
        The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the
         time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete
        and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect
           of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:
                                       Department of Health and Human Services
                                   Food and Drug Administration
                                              Office of Chief Information Officer
                                      Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff
                                       PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov
             “An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of
                                  information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

FORM FDA 3881 (8/23)                           Page 1 of 1                                                    PSC Publishing Services (301) 443-6740   EF

Page 1 of 7


                          510(K) Summary – HealthFLD

                             Nano-X AI Ltd.

                               510(k) Number - K233080


Applicant’s Name:  Neta Sherman, AVP Regulatory Affairs and Quality
                 Nano-X AI Ltd.
                 Shlomo Shmeltzer Road 94,
                    Petah Tikva, 4970602
              PO BOX 3486
               ISRAEL
                      Tel: +972-3-7359202

Date Prepared:     September 26, 2023

Trade Name:       HealthFLD

Device:

 Proprietary Name       Nano-X AI HealthFLD device

 Premarket Notification   K233080

 Classification Name     Computed tomography x-ray system.

 Regulation Number      21 CFR §892.1750

 Product Code         JAK

 Regulatory Class            II


Predicate Device:

The HealthFLD device is substantially equivalent to the following Predicate Device:

 Proprietary Name         Predicate Device:

                     Nano-X AI HealthOST device

 Premarket Notification   K213944

 Classification Name     Computed tomography x-ray system.

 Regulation Number      21 CFR §892.1750

 Product Code         JAK

 Regulatory Class            II

Page 2 of 7


Performance Standards:

No performance standards have been established for such device under Section 514 of the Federal
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act.


Intended Use/Indication for Use:

The HealthFLD device is an image processing software that provides quantitative and qualitative
analysis of the liver from CT images to support clinicians in the evaluation and assessment of Fatty
Liver. The HealthFLD software provides measurements of liver attenuation (mean HU in a region
of interest). HealthFLD is indicated for use in non-contrast and contrast CT scans, with any clinical
indication, for patients aged 18 up to 75. CTs must include a significant part of the liver. The
HealthFLD device is not intended to provide a diagnosis or risk assessment of fatty liver disease.


Device Description:

The HealthFLD device  is an image processing software  that provides quantitative and
qualitative analysis of the liver from CT images to support clinicians in the evaluation and
assessment of Fatty Liver.

The HealthFLD software provides measurements of liver attenuation (mean HU in a region of
interest) for any compatible CT scan that includes a significant part of the liver

The Liver measurement display threshold is <40 HU for non-contrast/non portal venous phase
CTs. When portal venous contrast phase is identified by the algorithm, the HealthFLD device
automatically adjusts the display threshold to <75 HU.


The following modules compose the HealthFLD software:

    1) Data input and validation: DICOM validation receives imaging study from hosting
       application and the validation feature assessed the input data (i.e. age, modality, view, etc.)
        to ensure compatibility for processing by the algorithm.
    2) HealthFLD algorithm: Once a study has been validated, the algorithm analyzes the CT
        for analysis and quantification.
    3) IMA Integration feature: The results of a successful study analysis is provided to the
       hosting application.
    4) Error codes feature: In the case of a study failure during data validation or the analysis
      by the algorithm, an error is provided to the system.

Page 3 of 7


Technological Characteristics Compared to Predicate Device:

We believe that the HealthFLD device is substantially equivalent to the Nano-X AI HealthOST
K213944.

             Proposed Device:                   Primary Predicate Device:

            HealthFLD Device                Nano-X AI Ltd. HealthOST Device
                                             (K213944)


 Intended      The HealthFLD device is an image     HealthOST is an image processing software
 Use/            processing software that provides        that provides qualitative and quantitative
 Indications     quantitative and qualitative analysis of   analysis of the spine from CT images to
 for Use         the liver from CT images to support     support clinicians in the evaluation and
                   clinicians in the evaluation and         assessment of musculoskeletal disease of the
                assessment of Fatty Liver. The           spine.
              HealthFLD software provides
                                              The HealthOST software provides the               measurements of liver attenuation
                                                       following functionality:              (mean HU in a region of interest).
              HealthFLD is indicated for use in non-      •   Labelling of T1-L4 vertebrae
                  contrast and contrast CT scans, with        •  Measurement of height loss in each
               any clinical indication, for patients                                                                  vertebra (T1-L4)
               aged 18 up to 75. CTs must include a                                                       •  Measurement of the mean
                   significant part of the liver. The                                                             Hounsfield Units (HU) in volume of
              HealthFLD device is not intended to                                                                          interest within vertebra (T11-L4)
                 provide a diagnosis or risk assessment
                 of fatty liver disease.                HealthOST is indicated for use in patients
                                                  aged 50 and over undergoing CT scan for
                                                 any clinical indication, that includes at least
                                                         four vertebrae in the T1-L4 portion of the
                                                        spine (for vertebral height loss) and T11-L4
                                                               (for bone attenuation) portions of the spine.

                                              The device is indicated for FBPreconstructed images only

Page 4 of 7


Comparison of Technological Characteristics

 Technological    Proposed Device:        Primary Predicate Device: Summary
 Characteristics
                HealthFLD Device       Nano-X AI Ltd.
                                     HealthOST Device
                                       (K213944)


 Regulation


 Product Code    JAK                JAK                   Same


 Regulation        21 CFR §892.1750        21 CFR §892.1750
 Number


 General


 Modality       CT                CT                    Same


 Image format    DICOM            DICOM                Same


 Supported CT      Non-contrast enhanced      Non-contrast enhanced and  Same
 scan             and contrast enhanced       contrast enhanced


 Analysis and Measurement


 Detection of       Yes, detection of the liver   Yes, detection of vertebras    Similar, both devices
 target organ                                                                    detect the target organ
                                                                                   in the scan. The
                                                                                differences do not raise
                                                                                     different questions of
                                                                                 safety and
                                                                                 effectiveness of the
                                                                                subject and predicate
                                                                            devices and evaluation
                                                                              of the device comprises
                                                                                the same types of
                                                                                    verification and
                                                                                 validation testing

Page 5 of 7


Segmentation of     Deep-learning-based        Deep-learning-based        Similar, both devices
organ              segmentation of the Liver   segmentation of vertebras   perform segmentation
                                                                             of the target organ, in
                                                                               the same method. The
                                                                               differences do not raise
                                                                                    different questions of
                                                                                 safety and
                                                                                effectiveness of the
                                                                               subject and predicate
                                                                           devices and evaluation
                                                                             of the device 5-
                                                                      6comprises the same
                                                                            types of verification
                                                                   and validation testing


Measurement    HU measurements based  HU measurements based    Same, both devices
of Hounsfield      on segmentation and       on segmentation and mean  measure mean
(HU) value        mean HU in regions of   HU in volume of interest    attenuation (HU) of
                        interest (ROIs)                                           selected region within
                                                 Indication to user if outside                                                                               the organ
                     Indication to user if        reference range
                     outside reference range                             Region of interest is
                                                                             equivalent to volume
                                                                             of interest


Reporting


Device output       1.  Annotation of up to      1.  Vertebrae label/name     Similar, the subject
                         three (3) Region of      2.  Three (3) lines           device provides the
                          Interest (ROI)               representing the          analysis results as liver
                      2.  Liver density                 anterior, middle, and     attenuation in HU,
                     measured in HU             posterior points        same as the predicate
                                                 measures, together with  device provides the
                                                          relative measurements   bone attenuation in
                                                     3. % Height loss and      HU.
                                                          relative Genant
                                                  category (20)
                                                     4.  Bone density measured
                                                       in HU

Page 6 of 7


Performance Data:

The HealthFLD was designed and manufactured under the Quality System Regulations as outlined
in 21 CFR § 820.

Safety and performance of HealthFLD has been evaluated and verified in accordance with software
specifications and  applicable  performance  standards  through  Software Development and
Validation & Verification Process to ensure performance according to specifications, User
Requirements and Federal Regulations and Guidance documents, “Guidance for the Content of
Premarket Submissions for Software Contained in Medical Devices”.

The HealthFLD device performance was evaluated in a stand-alone retrospective study of its
performance compared to the established ground truth and respective to the predicate device. The
objective of this study was to establish the safety, effectiveness and substantial equivalence of the
HealthFLD software  as compared  to  the  predicate device (Nano-X AI  Ltd. HealthOST,
(K213944)). The HealthFLD overall performance was determined by comparing the device output
measurements, to the ground truth measurements. The validation data-set included 250 cases.

The validation data-set included a truthed and enriched sample of 250 anonymized CT scans with
at least 4 cm of liver from the superior aspect of the liver, from 4 healthcare institutions. The
sample  included  sufficient  representation from  across  the  disease spectrum  for  the key
measurement parameter provided by the device, namely mean liver attenuation (measured in
Hounsfield Units). Ground truth measurements were determined by three US board-certified
radiologists.

The validation data-set included 250 cases, of which the algorithm returned a result on 250 cases,
a yield of 100%. Patient age ranged from 18-75 y.o (mean age of 51.7 years; SD=15.5) and 49%
(122) were female. 50% of CTs were contrasts enhanced, and 62.25% (155) CTs were from U.S.
data. The validation dataset represented the inclusion parameters, such as: Modality (CT), Axial
orientation, Slice Thickness, and KVP.

The HealthFLD device demonstrated an overall agreement of 95.98% (95% CI: [92.77%, 97.8%]
with the ground truth liver score binary classification of < 40HU versus ≥ 40HU and of 98.39%
(95% CI: [95.94%, 99.37%]) with the binary classification liver score < 50HU versus ≥ 50HU,
both exceeding the stated performance goal. The method comparison analysis demonstrated
Bland-Altman 95% limits of agreement (LOAs) for the HealthFLD liver density bias versus the
ground truth liver score of [-7.80HU, 7.00HU], which lie within the acceptance interval of [-
10HU,10HU]. 94.78% (95% CI:[91.24%-97.19%]) of the differences between HealthFLD and the
GT lie within the LOA which is substantially equivalent to the predicate device (K213944). The
overall agreement for HealthFLD algorithm versus the ground truth identification of portal venous
phase was 95.98%.

All CT data across the inclusion criteria were well supported by the HealthFLD device.

Page 7 of 7


In conclusion, this study demonstrated the HealthFLD overall agreement and limits of agreement
with respect to the ground truth liver measurements and establishes its safety and effectiveness,
while demonstrating substantial equivalence to the predicate device.  It also validated the
performance of the HealthFLD device across important cohorts, and applicable subsets of imaging
acquisition characteristics.


Conclusion:

Based on the information submitted in this premarket notification, and based on the indications for
use, technological characteristics and performance testing, HealthFLD device raises no new
questions of safety and effectiveness and is substantially equivalent to the predicate device in terms
of safety, efficacy and performance.

The results of the performance comparison study demonstrated that the HealthFLD device
performs as intended, similarly to the predicate device. We can conclude that the HealthFLD
device is as safe, as effective and performs at least as well as the predicate device.

The HealthFLD device is therefore substantially equivalent to the predicate device.